Stereo, memory seats, interior style and quality materials, engine, fuel efficiency, fun factor. 

Autoshift feature, bluetooth

Everything! 

Great handling, seats are very comfortable, stereo and bluetooth are GREAT, just the right amount of equipment, and very happy with the steering wheel's controls.

Nice interior. Good looking car. Quality made vehicle. Fuel efficient. XM radio, good stereo and sound.



Handling, fuel economy, great brakes, interior looks. My experience with the dealer maintenance has been excellent (only routine oil changes needed). 

Bluetooth, leather seats, sun roof, smoothness at high speeds.

Bluetooth, heated seats.

Bluetooth, leather seats, stereo and smoothness of highway driving.

The navigation is great. Solid and acurate steering response. All the controls are placed very intuitively to easily do whatever you want. Fun to drive, quiet and comfortable. It's a humble luxury car. 

Navigation system, HID lights... oh yea, the engine sounds great

Navigation, no doubt! I love the way it looks and the straight-forwardness of it.

Dash lights, XM radio, Bluetooth phone system, moonroof, fun to drive!

Bluetooth, great interior lighting - the blue is easy on the eyes, intuitive and easy to operate controls, comfortable seats, and turn signal mirrors.

Bluetooth; side mirror heater; wood trim; xm; HUD; 6-speed; when you're stopped at a light and the wipers are on intermittent, when you take your foot off the brake, you get a bonus wipe.

The following standard features: Xenon HID, fog lights, sunroof, heated leather seats with 2 position memory, stock radio with XM/6 CD changer, Michelin tires.

iPod link, navi voice commands and screen.

Manual 6-speed, Bluetooth, XM radio.

Great gas mileage: lowest 23, highest 37.4, average for first 10,000 miles 30.1 mpg with 85% highway 15% city.

Bluetooth technology, gas mileage on highway, refined interior, quiet ride, reasonable maintenance costs, nice stereo, satellite radio, drives smooth, good looking car.

Seats, std. goodies, sweet engine note without vibrations, visibility, info. display, brakes.

The XM radio is cool, but we will probably not pay the $13/month subscription. The manual shifter is fun to play around with also.

All the tech stuff that works perfectly, the leather, the power and smoothness of the 4, the smoothness of the 5 speed auto, it never "hunts". It picks a gear and holds it. Lastly, 15000 miles w/o a hint of a problem, no rattles, no squeaks, no body moans and groans, just perfection.

Shifter, handling, XM radio, bluetooth, and supportive leather seats.

Bluetooth, XM radio, gas mileage, trip computer, warranty.

Styling, great paint job, luxury interior (compared to what I used to drive); it has lots of extras that I still haven't played with, like the onboard computer stuff; easy to get around in tight spots - I have vision in one eye so that's important; good power, fun to drive, decent gas mileage.

The 6-speed is the smoothest I've ever driven. Very nice. The car is almost as quiet as a VW Passat - one of the quietest, affordable cars out there. The gas mileage is nice for a punchy, sporty sedan. Bluetooth really is super-convenient too. I like this car.

Leather seats; heated seats and mirrors; moonroof; bluetooth; smooth ride.

Best navigation system I tested. Handsfree Bluetooth works great. Love the standard iPod/MP3 player jack.

Interior styling, Xenon lights, gauges, fun to drive, great value. 

Good gas mileage, 23 town, 32 highway (actual for 1st 1,000 miles). Great driver seat, Bluetooth easy to use.

Navigation system, power features, acceleration, styling, hands free system.

Seats, handling, ride, blue tooth, sat. radio, voice recognition (never touched the LCD screen). Smooth engine that never complains and never feels strained. It just purrs. Smooth 6 speed manual that again never complains or fights back. The car just seems to say, okay, let's do it. Cool for a sedan.

Driver seat comfort, XM radio std, leather, memory seats and mirrors, quiet, smooth transmission.

Bluetooth is amazing. Greatest feature ever. For the money, the car comes amazingly well loaded.

Fun to drive. Great interior look and feel. Overall value.

Quick, handles great, sporty.

Looks and handling.

The iPod hook up, nav system, and the sound system. 

Handsfree, XM radio & Xenon headlights.

Blue tooth hookup. Interior quality, auto and sport shift opts.

Great 6 speed transmission, bluetooth, sound system, heated seats, nice leather, solid construction, highly rated for reliability, classic design and color coordination.

Sun roof, XM radio, bluetooth, leather seats, safety rating.

Voice commands, great stereo and Nav system. Smooth acceleration hard to believe it's a 4 banger.

Hands free, dash is understated cool and well designed. Fits my 6-2 frame nicely. Xenon lights and overall well-proportioned and classy looks.

Seat comfort, price, interior looks, ride, and great reliability and resale.



Xenon headlights, heated leather seats, memory adjustment seats, bluetooth, all over airbags, and XM radio!!

Bluetooth hands free link, memory seats linked to keys, a voice command associated with almost every option in nav/ac/audio/phone. The navi interface/options are exactly where you think they should be. 

Voice activated nav; loaded with standard options! Great price! In-dash 6-CD changer beats the trunk version in other cars.

Blue tooth, xenon head lights, memory seats, XM radio built in, 5 stars crash rating, tire pressure monitoring system, dash board design, and etc.

Value, safety features, solid built quality, nimble handling, great fun to drive, bluetooth handsfree link, memory seats, XM radio & sound system, Xenon, good gas mileage (23 in city stop and go, 35 highway).

Style, ergonomics, MPG, performance, handling, blue tooth HFI, nice leather, fully loaded standard! 6 speed manual is a dream.

XM stereo, comfortable seats, smooth ride, chrome accents, heated seats, heated mirrors, acceleration, and ergonomics.

The navigation is the easiest to use I have ever found. The voice activation does not have to be programmed and can operate the stereo as well as the climate control and the Nav system. The blue tooth hands free link was also a thing of marvel. I can hook up 6 phones and use them wireless within 30ft.

