None

The overall looks of the Dodge.

6 speed manual, engine brake, total towing truck

Gawdy power from the diesel, comfortable interior, the awesome look of the Dodge



Good looking truck. Strong as an OX. 

Power, extremely quiet engine, interior room, comfortable seats for tall people, back seat is like a living room, room behind back seat, heated seats, solid feel, separate ac controls, sharp looks.

Without question, Cummins Diesel, there is NO substitute!!!

Got to love the Jake Brake... BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR, Diesel, The Power, 4X4, The Cabin.

Cummins 5.9L Diesel. on demand 4x4. visibility and high sitting. Ground clearance. power moonroof and cab room. storage. Better then a Chevy or Ford any day. 

Electric sliding rear window & the space behind the back seat. 

Strong Cummins motor

Laramie package. Wouldn't have ever quested I would own the best.

The Cummins engine. It fits in my garage. 

Seat warmers, sunroof, exhaust brake, power rear window, quier powerful engine, underseat storage bins in the rear

Cummins power plant, handling and ride, fuel economy, view of the road, 4WD and anti lock brakes makes this truck more like a luxury vehicle!

Sirius radio, navigation system, power, room, fuel consumption, and the bold looks.

Cummins power, roomy interior, under seat storage, Sirius radio, exhaust brake, and the get out of my way front end.

Diesel power, back seat (2 kids w/1 on the way), infinity stereo, its a RAam.

Cummins 5.9! Bold look and ride height. Unstoppable freight train attitude. Solid front axle; stout 4x4 system

Power, mileage, storage, several plugs for cell phone/laptop, etc. Color (new bright blue color is great)

Power without having to pay high at the fuel pump. More room for the kids.

Diesel engine

Size of Mega Cab. Cummins diesel- smooth and reliable. Six passenger seating.

The Cummins just feels unstoppable. I've towed excavators, a boat, and my BBQ pit. Truck loves to work. Fuel mileage is great for a 4WD rig of this size. The Mega cab is HUGE, and the back seat is enormous. he back seat reclines, offering even more comfort for longer trips. Interior is quiet.

Cummins + 6M + 4x4 + Quad + Shortbed + limited slip = A great and functional daily driver. Also, great diesel mileagewith a light foot. 

Cummins 6.7Ltr

Economy for the size and power. Simple yet functional and durable inside, lots of storage space. Engine engine engine!

Cummins Turbo diesel. Nice grade of leather in Laramie pkg. Tough looks of the truck. Huge alternator output for running those added acessories.

The Cummins



Storage compartments everywhere that are well designed for easy cleaning. Great access to entire cab, good function and ergos. Obviously love the motor, 6000 pounds and over 17 mpg. Awesome.

Quieter than other diesels and very strong and responsive. Very roomy front 



