auto hardtop convertible. bose sound, steering wheel controls.

I do not have to get out of the car to let the top up or down and when the top is down I can use the trunk (not like some of the other 2 seaters).

PRHT, Bose - 7 speaker system, heated seats, 17 in rims

Style, performance, very well balanced car. It handles like it's on rails, even if the pavement is less than perfectly smooth. Lots of storage in cockpit and trunk is reasonable size. Excellent gas mileage.

PRHT is great. The auto was a pleasure to drive. Gas mileage was very good. It is very fun to drive. While driving in July in La., Ms, In and Il the 4 cup holders actually came in handy!

The retractable top is great. The steering and brakes are awesome!

The PRHT is really a plus. The Bose mp3 sound system is more than adequate for my nuevo flamenco. Love the easy to read gauges. Heated seats make winter time top down enjoyable. Cockpit layout well thought out. Did I mention the six speed? Wow

Classic appearance, driving experience, high quality interior materials, 6-speed transmission, excellent stereo. 

Power locks, windows, mirrors and 2.0L engine. 

Super cool roof design, great stereo, cool cockpit layout, nice blue exterior w/brown leather is a nice combo, heated seats!



Hard top, masculine fender treatment, sexy curvacious body, response to driver direction

PRHT, responsiveness, interior/exterior finish, workmanship, gas mileage, reliability, overall appearance, driving experience.

The paddle shift makes it drive and feel like a stick without having to clutch.

Overall design as it does turn heads, Bose sound system, ease of handling, fuel efficient as advertised, and just plain fun to drive. 

PRHT retracts very quickly, great handling, exhaust note with the top down, heated seats, smooth, precise shifter, good gas mileage, keyless entry, surprisingly good acceleration, great braking feedback and feel, good wind protection

Great road handling abilities, smooth 6 speed auto transmission allows you to cruise at 2,000 RPM, and love the exterior design.

The cockpit layout, the sound quality with the Bose system, the acceleration, the handling on curves, the ease of shifting the six-speed, the ease of opening and closing the soft top and the engine purr. This car costs less than the competition, but performs better.

The Bose stereo, 6 speed sportoronic (automatic 6 speed or manual) with paddle shifters on my steering wheel as well as radio and cruise control buttons.

Style, fun to drive, love how when you park this car, the other cars can't get to it to ding the doors or the panels. If you like driving, this is the fun one.



The driving experience and reliability. In spite of my styling dings, I think Mazda is headed in the right way, they just blew some details. Fuel economy. Exhaust note. Playfulness. Price. Wheel styles. Trunk light. Seats. Roll over bars and side air bags. Ease of manual top use. Speed. 

Engine response, automatic transmission and exterior looks in general. Close to perfection for what it is!

6 speed manual, interior design is logical and classy. Handling is near-perfect. Reasonable fuel economy. Shape starting to become masculine. Accessory catalog is addictive once you start. Great value for $. 

Fun to drive, great looking, hard top.

Appearance, handling and top-down fun.

Power hardtop. Great looking wheels. Beautiful body design. Great shifter - close and tight. Just right.

Power hard top is great. Like having two cars in one. Handles great and really has enough horses for my liking. Great looking and stylish.

Great handling with a fairly comfortable ride. Easiest operating non power convertible top on the market. Steering wheel controls for sound system lets you keep eyes on the road at all time. Power is more than adequate and engine revs like crazy but still pulls well at low rpm in higher gears. 

Overall package, radio controls on the steering wheel, looks.

Handling, responsiveness, and fun factor are huge pluse! Engine loves to rev and tranny well mated w/ paddles. Power hardtop is absolutely great! Considered softop, but glad I got the PRHT. Very well designed overall inside and out. Great choice on tone of silver paint. Decent mpg, no complaints.

Power hardtop, styling, fit and finish.

Interior cockpit is functional and well laid out, everything at your fingertips! 

Very easy to use top. Glass/defrost rear window. Engine, still rev-happy and a bit gruff (this is a roadster). The dual exhaust balances out the rear of the car. The 17" wheels fit the car nicely. This thing stayed as true to form as possible.

Advanced Keyless entry... no more digging for a car key! Retractable hardtop, plenty of power and fun to drive. Clutch and throttle make it very easy to shift and rev match when down shifting.



Handles like a dream. It has a responsiveness that borders on precognition. The car knows when to turn almost before I do. Excellent cockpit ergonomics (for my 5'10 body). Everything falls neatly under hand and foot with no need to reach.

12 second power hard top. Paddle shifters with automatic transmission.

Exterior styling; interior fit/finish; well designed top.

Great engine, lots of power, much more than the last generation.

Looks, pricing, the melding of driver and machine.

The style and looks of the MX-5 sport. 

Interior fit and finish, heated seats, stereo, wheels, ease of top operation, free windscreen, engine sound, car handling, aftermarket accessories.

The 2.0l engine that revs like a dream; the 6-speed manual, best shifting transmission I've ever used, save for maybe an S2000. The go-cart like handling is a blast. The headlights are awesome; easily the brightest I've seen (easily better than our 03 Odyssey). Brakes are super strong, love the looks.

PRHT, responsiveness, interior and (Copper Red) exterior finish and workmanship. Availability through S-plan. 28.5 MPG on 1st tank - 30.5 MPG on second tank with a 6-speed automatic.

Without a doubt the PRHT is the favorite feature for me.

Power retractable hardtop, simplicity of console controls, responsiveness, fun-factor, exhaust tone, advanced keyless system. Shifting is effortless.

Heated seats; leather interior.

Retractable hard top, usable trunk, smooth short throw 6-speed manual transmission. Turning radius and handling are amazing.

The power hard lid is just plain sweet. The interior reminds me of my flying days. Power galore, handling, and road hugging is a huge thrill.

Handling - pleasure of driving, engine, transmission, looks with hardtop, interior. A complete package - has it all!

ALL! Complete package. Fun to drive. Great looks.

Exhaust Note, interior (red leather), 6 speed manual transmission, sat. radio, looks from other drivers, super easy convert top, tight steering feel, windscreen, heated seats.

The advantage of a hard top. It's quiet, seals well against moisture, and adds one more measure of security.

