Drivers position and visibility, auto express up and down, huge cabin, quality interior materials for the segment, steering feel, true versa-tility.

Loved the look of the interior and the size of the exterior for tight parking.

Good mileage, reliable

Radio/speakers - I upgraded to the SL only CD changer/aux - brilliant. Light years ahead of my '97 Jag system. Seats are WAY comfortable. My commute + old Hyundai led to lower back problem - gone now. Easy fold rear seats.

Lots of room and nice to drive.

Interior passenger room, peppy ride, six speed manual transmission, reliability

Handles great, does not seem to light in heavy weather. I get 30 miles to gallon all around miles of hard driving. Six gears does the job!I would buy all of my teenage drivers ( 3 in all) one of these if I had the cash.

The radio is good!

Pump seats in front, leg room, comfortable.

I like the interior and trunk space.

36.43 MPG on last tank of $2.80 gallon gas. Pumped up tires 5 lbs to 35 lbs and gas mileage went up 4 miles per gallon!

Legroom, color. 



Radio controls on steering wheel, height of driver's seat, styling, rear seat room, trunk height allows 3 sets of golf clubs plus pull carts, and intelligent key system.

The car as a whole is great but to narrow down a few would be short changing those not listed. However, the Bluetooth capability, CVT and smart key are the top three shared by my wife and me.

It is SO quiet, extremely comfortable except on carpark judder bars, and performs surprisingly well for its engine capacity.

CVT, standard 6 disc CD changer, keyless entry (optional), aux input, all the space - feels bigger than most large sedans.

The feel of it.

Comfortable seats; high stance provides a secure feel on the SUV-populated road; quiet and smooth ride; easiest car to parallel-park I have ever owned; good sounding and easy to use stereo; spacious back seat; large side mirrors contribute to good visibility; CVT feel; high ground clearance.

The CVT and the seats are really comfortable!!

Comfortable ride; 6 disk CD player; radio control on steering wheel; Bluetooth ready; lots of pep when you need it.

Roominess, fuel economy, iPod connector, CVT.

Quietness inside, 6 speed manual, comfort, cargo space, leg room both front and back seats, economy.

The suede-like fabric seats, the great leg and headroom and, of course, the airbags that saved our lives!

CVT to brag about. Large backseat. Taller vehicle than other econo-boxes so I feel like I can hold my own against the SUVs out there (sure didn't feel that way with the '91 Escort). Great fuel economy at about 29 MPG city when 2008 EPA says 26. Have you seen how far open the doors go?!?

6 CD changer, sunroof, keyless entry and start, interior room, AUX input, style, steering. 

Interior design is awesome for a car this size. 

Large comfortable seats, lots of head room, aux input. Tight steering radius.

Intelligent key, 6 disc CD/MP3 player in dash, comfort and size.

Cruise control is very easy to use. MPG so far is low 30s for mixed driving.

The iPod connection, smooth ride. Fun to drive.

Intelligent Key, Rockford Fosgate sound system, sunroof, Bluetooth, audio and telephone controls on leather wrapped steering wheel, comfort and three months of satellite radio. 

VERY roomy comfortable interior. Lots of features normally found on much more expensive vehicles, like having the exact same suspension components as 350Z. Time tested 1.8L engine has plenty of power. 6 disc in dash CD player standard on SL. Oversized seats for oversized seats like mine. 

All the electronics and the sunroof.

I really like the way it looks. With the CVT, there is no shifting, just a smooth acceleration. It is very fun to drive.

Intelligent key, bluetooth technology, timing chain, tune-up interval at 105K miles.

Aux input on the stereo, smooth transmission, crazy headroom and cargo space (even the glove box is enormous). Passed all its safety tests with flying colors.

The way it looks, spacious interior and trunk, very good handling.

Tire pressure monitor, seat belt lock out for under 110 lbs child in front seat. Side curtain air bags all in std features.

The best features about the Versa are the interior quality and space, and the fuel economy.

Interior room, steering wheel controls, very fun to drive car. I have the CVT which far exceeds my expectations. 

Very roomy for a small car, especially the rear seats. Anticipated gas mileage. Very cold AC. 

Acceleration w/ the 4 speed automatic is a major surprise. Stock speakers are crisp. Overall mileage is over 32 mpg. Rear seat comfort and head room! Have owned two Datsuns and this is my third Nissan.

Interior space. I bought the car for the ride, gas mileage and handling balance, but the interior space was the final point. BIG inside.

The ride, handling, airbags and comfort level. Also very quiet - quieter than several larger cars I've ridden in. 

It's a cute car. Good leg room in the back seat

Smooth acceleration and ride, electronic steering, dashboard, comfort, seat material, interior, PRICE! Car appears to look more expensive than it actually is.

I love the design of the car, almost like a small version of the Murano. 

Interior room, steering feel (well weighed at high speed), ride quality (firm but not harsh), low noise level at medium speed.

Fav feature so far is the remote keyless entry and ignition... took a few days after the purchase to train the brain to stop wanting to put the key in the ignition. Funny how some habits are really hard to break.

The cvt (no braking going down hills), the mpg, the seats and room inside the car. 

I love the room (hatchback) - I actually fit a treadmill in the car!

1. Intelligent key system. No need to get the key out of your pocket! 2. Comfortable and quiet ride. 3. "Cute" factor.

I like the functionality of the hatchback. Gas mileage does not disappoint! Interior space, both front and back is fantastic. I feel a bit more cramped behind the wheel of my 2001 Altima now.

Really earned the "Consumers Digest Best Buy" title. I'm impressed by the interior minimal noise, comfort, room, quality material and exterior styling (which reminds me of the Murano and Quest). NHTSA Crash test results were very good, 4 stars (frontal), 5 stars (side). 

1) Very roomy and spacious 2) Comfort Drive 3) Quality interior 4) Arms rests awesome 5) Very good driving visibility 6) Dashboard is very convenient 7) Easy to operate all the controls.

Keyless entry, power controls, tons of room, a taller seat for a small car-- easier to get in and out of(from someone w/knee problems and previously drove a 2000 S-10 for the height so I wouldn't have to crouch down)--Love having the extra money I'm not spending on gas

Smooth transmission with CVT. Convenience package. Sunroof. ABS and Front/Side airbags. Bluetooth phone. 6 CD changer. MP3 audio input jack. Small turn radius. 

Very low road noise (How?) feels like a heavy Cadillac (How?) Did I mention room (family of 4 no problem)? 35 MPG! Handles like a BMW (How?)

Very cozy and comfortable. I like the audio system and the back seat idea of moving forward. Very balanced even when there is wind and driving 160 + km/h.

seats...color...handling...the high beams are crazy, just great, they are way better then are neons!

mileage, room, ride, price. 

The amazing amount of cargo/passenger space, the comfortable ride, and the smooth CVT, and the standard alloy wheels and the sound system. Not to mention the value!

Quality of the material on the interior is better than a vehicle I owned that cost five thousand more than the Versa. I have more leg room on the driver side than I do in my truck, not mention the head room.

good on gas

Interior material, manual seat height adjustment, spacious, smooth ride than fit, all above CVT transmission.

6sp manual--lots of fun, standard cd player and good milage. Seats are very comfortable as well.

Interior. Roomy. 

CVT feels great! Interior design is clean and simple but not cheap or tacky looking, especially the black suede seating that is easy to clean, comfortable, and looks sharp. Basic stock stereo sounds great, hatchback release is convenient, lots of room in the back with seats down.

Automatic transmission, The comfort factor. I drove over 1000 miles in one day and got out of the car without feeling stiff. I'm tall and have exceptionally long legs. Sitting with support on my legs is not the norm in a compact car.

Seats, power, transmission, clutch, interior design, rear design. 

bluetooth, intelligent keyless entry feature.

Power windows, automatic transmission, cd player, headlights light the road like no other!!! Cushioned armrests. The interior is bigger than a midsize car and the quality is worth more than the 15k asking price.

roomy with good supporting seats

Keyless fob is very useful (convenience package. Stereo is good. Bluetooth is handy

seating position, extra wide mirrors and seats.

Exterior Look, Leg room.

Enjoy the CVT, bluetooth, dash layout and hatchback storage, controls on steering wheel; deep glove compartment; 6 disc CD. Like the fact that you still don't see many on the road - unique.

Aux jack on radio for satellite rcvr. Hatchback holds set of golf clubs but just barely. This vehicle is primarily used for commuting to and from work. For small vehicle with small engine has plenty of pep. Ride is smooth over back country roads(hard surface-not 4 whln type).

Love the continuously variable transmission (CVT). Standard safety features. Lots of interior space. Incredibly easy to drive. And it's very quiet.

Have no real favorite features. Guess the AUX on the radio is favorite-hooked up Sirus satellite thru that so won't have to change stations to rcve. Maybe the CVT transmission-like no "thunks/jumps" when accelerating.

An excellent comfortable spacious riding car,never thought ,,,,yaris , fit, wave, no comparison

Radio controls on leather wrapped steering wheel, bluetooth phone, CVT transmission, and overall comfort. 

Keyless entry/start. Handles well. Fun to drive.

Lots of room inside, peppy 6-spd, good gas mileage, comfortable and fun to drive.

Power package. Exterior styling.

GAS MILEAGE!!! simple and functioning layout, large windshield and great visibility. Stylish looks without performance compromise. The little button in the back that opens the hatch. The speed, the style, and the overall performance and quality of interior and exterior components.

smart key.... I find myself thinking all cars have that.

Bluetooth, ROckford Fosgate, CVT transmission, intelligent Key

CVT transmission (yes I know that's redundant) Pickup Fuel economy.

I love the design. It has good over all gas mileage considering it's other features.

the cvt,smooth running engine ,gasoline use,interior room ,fit and finish,air bag protection,handling.good looks.

love the tire pressure monitoring system and the stereo

Size and response

comfort plus roomy upscale interior finishes blue tooth keyless entry cvt trans

Blue tooth & keyless entry. It has a lot of great features for such a small car. It small but it feels like driving a much bigger car. It's easy to park and just fun to drive.

Sunroof! Must have! XM, controls on steering wheel. CVT.

Big roomy interior. Plenty of back seat space.

Interior room.

all rated 10!

1) It's interior room, 2) The fuel economy, 3) Sliding rear seat to increase trunk space, 4) Handling, 

driver sits higher than average sedan, nice interior fabrics and plastics, roomy interior, sexy 6-speed manual (just for fun).

CVT!! Spacious back seat(fit 6'2" grouchy guy in back seat with no complaints!) Zippy car, fun to drive. Overall a good car assuming that they work the bugs out with as little hassle to the purchaser as possible and being as up front and honest as possible.

Positive shifting 6 spd.transmission, engine performance, interior room & quality of interior materials versus Honda Fit & Scion Xa. Dash lights that illuminate under low light conditions. RETAINED ACCESSORY POWER. 

6 spd, interior look and feel, controls, gas mileage.

Rockford fosgate stereo and the CVT.





style, room, reliability, comfort

It has an excellent gas mileage consuption, incredible I drove more than 300 miles and just past half of the tank.

I really miss my Isuzu Rodeo, but was often pleasantly surprised at how much I could fit in this little car.

Bluetooth, keyless entry/starting.



Blue tooth, stereo, smooth ride

inside interior looks nice, lots of room space for a car that looks small on the outside. Sound system sounds good.

Comfort of seating, handling, steering, sound system, storage

The look and large space.

The look of it. 

I like the power,never have any problems passing 

Big inside, good on gas, hatchback

Quiet, smooth ride, nice handling; audio, cell, and cruise controls on steering wheel; good acceleration even in high gears; great visibility; comfortable driver's seat and leg room; good backseat room; keyless entry system is excellent. 

Keyless doors and ignition are a dream come true. They make grocery shopping and quickly getting in and out of the car a snap. The Bluetooth makes hands free cell phones effortless and was not hard to set up. The largest difficulty was with my phone not the car.

Keyless entry, smooth ride, gas mileage, and interior room.

I love the interior. The padding on the armrests and the materials used on the seats and dash are top notch and of course, I love the spaciousness of the cabin.

Without question, the CVT drive system. It's why I purchased the vehicle.

The aux input for the stereo sounds great. I love the steering wheel audio controls and the CVT is as smooth as can be.

I am nearly 6 feet tall, and I have plenty of leg room and head room in this car. Even in the back seat, with the seats all the way back, I have plenty of leg room there too! Great visiblity out of the windshield too. Try it, you will like it!! Great fuel economy too!!!



Steering and suspension and smooth and peppy engine. The cockpit feels comfortable. The doors sound solid when they shut. All the safety features were a big bonus.



mileage, size, power everything

Blue tooth

six speed, large interior, dash controls are displayed nicely, i personally prefer the body style over all comparable makes and models



luxurious interior for the class, very comfortable, lot's of power compared to others in class,

CVD transmission is butter smooth. Strong engine. Convenience package with Bluetooth and keyless start worth every penny!

Headroom, power, great manual transmission.



comfortable seats and keyless ignition

I like very much when i am driving, because VERSA has no fear on bumps.

MP3/AUX port, fuel efficiency, zippy handling, comfy interior.

The keyless entry for one, of course the handling and the steering wheel controls. Ease of using dashboard features for radio and heating-a/c.

Bluetooth and the smart key

The seats and the hatchback over.

Keyless entry, visibility, styling, comfort, roominess, features, ride, quiet, interior layout and styling.

Interior design, fit and finish, exterior design, unbeatable and unconpromising value.

The Sat radio and the Bluetooth phone make it very enjoyable.

Fun car, comfortable, looooooooong between fill-ups. The convenience package is a real plus.

Audio package

The engine. 122hp and 127lb. ft or torque with 90% of the power coming in at 2400 RPM. The low end torque really helps you get moving unlike most small engines where you have to wind the heck out of them to get them to go.

Seats are more comfortable than my couch. 32mpg even with my heavy foot. Tons of storage and musical options. Easy to hear conversation from back seat. Intellikey! (Though it took getting used to NOT putting keys in the ignition. Use the cupholder.) Key alert won't let you lock the keys in the car.

Not low to the ground like many small sedans, cute, great gas mileage.

My favorite feature is the 6 disc in dash cd player.

Huge trunk! Fit two large backpacking backpacks, X-mas gifts for 10, snow gear, two adults and a 75 pound lab/boxer with room to spare!

Intellikey!, handling; steering wheel controls for cruise, bluetooth and radio; full body side colors, flared design for tail lights, easy parking, sunglass holder, sun-roof, extra visibility via mini-windows in front of side mirrors, split-fold down seats, quietness for 4 cylinder;

Intelligent key, bluetooth, CVT, fuel economy. 

Roomy interior, seats 5 comfortably.

Roomy.

6-CD changer, bluetooth, CVT, very large glove box, adjustable seats, comfortable arm rests, many cup holders!

Handling, mileage, comfort.

Storage unit above radio console

Space. The Versa's back seat is very roomy for leg space, without sacrificing the room up in the front. 

Roomy backseat. Fuel efficient. High safety ratings. 

I love the seats they are very comfortable. I am pretty short and they adjust up and down. The cup holders are also in a good spot away from the radio. 

Storage compartment above radio/CD player.

6 airbags, 6 speakers, audio system, intelligent key system, quality materials in interior, comfortable seating and legroom galore! Mileage is very good. Build quality is great, no rattles or squeaks.

Love the sun roof, the auxiliary MP3 slot for my iPod, and the Blue tooth technology. Lots of room in the trunk of our sedan!

Strong engine, easy access with tall roof line. Perfect if you have neck or back problems, most of the cars sold today do not have tall roofs. Four 300 lb men can enjoy the room and comfort that this car gives. It is AMAZING!!!

MPG, interior room, price

MPG.

Interior room. Gas mileage. Price. Styling (inside and out), mid-range acceleration.

Comfortable and roomy interior. Great design.

It was cheap.

Ease to drive, this car is very stable on the highway. Acceleration to hwy speed is acceptable. Seat comfort is outstanding.

Cute little car, fun to drive and a very roomy interior. Great cup holders.

CD player.

We love the interior space, it is great for our family of four.

The best feature is the roominess of the car. The blue tooth and wireless keys, the aux jack for iPods; and the large glove compartment. It also had pretty good pick up with no one but the driver inside.

Keyless ignition-no hunting in purse for keys & cannot lock myself out. Just plain fun to drive!



Love that it comes without all the silly bells and whistles. Heat in winter. Cold in summer. Manual transmission, crank windows, manual door locks. It survived teaching my boyfriend to drive a stick shift! Funny windshield wipers that wipe whole window. Leg room.

Easy to reach controls: radio/CD, A/C and heat, cruise, windows, etc. But then, don't have to reach far in a small car, right? That's just it. You don't have to reach. They are right at you fingertips.

For a small car, we are often amazed at how much cargo we can hold in the back seat. I especially like how the rear doors open wide and the overall squareness of the opening makes it easy to load boxes into the back seat. The rear seat is also very comfortable for two adults 

Headroom, price, power. 

Convenience package, I love never taking my keys out of my pocket.

Six speed, but it needs to have more of an overdrive gear to get the car up around 40 to 45 miles per gallon. I find the seats comfortable and the AC is cold. 

Gas mileage is great for the price of the car. Fun little car to drive. Handles great in turns and amazingly in the snow. Backseat and trunk area are more than enough for our little family of two. Lots of storage, cup holders, and compartments are a great feature.

Overall nice design and trim for its class. Good handling and performance. Reliability not enough driving so far to tell.

Adjustable seat so I sit high. Spacious interior. Peppy engine. Comfortable seats. Hatchback design.

Keyless start, blue tooth, cd player.

Big space for small car. Six disc changer is nice. MP3 jack. Roomy in back seat for a small car.

Interior looks great, does not feel nor look like a car in this price point. Seats very comfortable. Cargo area holds quite a bit. Stock stereo system is quite good. Huge glove box and door pockets hold quite a bit. Short front and rear overhangs make parking and maneuvering very easy. 

Foldable side-mirrors, roomy trunk. 

The roomy interior is great! The gas milage is good. The hands-free phone is better than sliced bread.

Funny exterior look, gas mileage great.

Great handling in the snow. Very comfortable/high quality seat fabric. High end interior. LOTS of cupholders (yet I still find a way to use them all). This car is super roomy - much more room all around than the FJ Cruiser suv it replaced. High safety ratings are impressive. 

Rockford Fostgate sound system Bluetooth 

Style of car roominess in back seat ease of getting in and out.

I love the back seat legroom and overall comfortable ride. 

Love the sound system, one-push sunroof, and the intelligent key! The seats are tall and super comfortable, which is very important to my bad back. I love that you don't have to drop down to sit, you just move onto the seat.

Great steering, comfortable driver's seat, better gas mileage than my SUV, good exterior lines.

Powerful engine. Comfortable seats. 6 speed manual transmission. Good size trunk. 60-40 back seats allow transport of large objects (even a dishwasher!).

Bluetooth phone is awesome. Love the intelligent key (but don't lose it $$$) CVT is really smooth.

My favorite features are the distinctive exterior styling and comfortable and roomey interior. I like that the radio volume goes down slightly when you stop at a light. The CVT transmission can't be beat. It runs very smooth and quietly and when in idle you don't realize it's still running.

Where should I start, there is so much, Leg room, tilt steering, stereo, remote keys, Trunk space, power windows/locks/mirrors, lots of standard options, that are extra on other cars. Ride, comfy seats don't feel like sitting on cloth covered bricks. Adjustable seat belts. Roomy feel. 

Comfortable seating, seems "high" for such a small car -- good visibility. Our kids actually found the S more comfortable than the SL. Interior quality noticeably higher than other subcompacts. Very good (but not excellent) gas mileage. Rides comfortably like a much larger car.

The pump seat on the SL. Smooth ride.

The suede-like cloth seats and brushed aluminum touchpoints give the interior a high-end feel. Trunk is roomy. The power package is great, a must have. 

Bluetooth phone, XM radio, keyless key and sunroof.

Robust engine, CVT, 6 disc CD changer, lots of back seat room, iPod plug-in, rear seat armrest cup-holders, spacious trunk, incredible gas mileage. 

Lots of cupholders! My old car only had one so this is really nice! Love the roominess and leg room. Really comfy, pretty good sound system. Great on gas and cheap to fill with rising gas prices. Big glove box. Roomy trunk.

Controls on the steering wheel, including Bluetooth (which I still have not mastered). The smooth transmission is another plus.

I do like the electornic key, windows, 



Rear legroom bigger than a Maxima's.

The car sits much higher than other subcompact cars. The price was my favorite 'feature'.

Comfort, interior space, quiet, nippy, fuel economy, easy to drive and park. 

My favorite feature by far is the intelligent key. Can't live without it now that I have it.

It accelerates well from 60 mph to 90 mph. Small and compact, good seating design.

My favorite features so far: the adjustable driver's side seat. I needed to be higher in the car. I like the convenience of the controls on the steering wheel, and even though I am still getting used to the Bluetooth, I like that option. Intel key is another favorite. 

