Speed of power top going up / down and size of the trunk is great.

Looks very sporty yet it sips gas like an economy car. 

Love the way the car handles. Plus, it has a smooth ride. I had a Corvette once and felt every tar bump on the road. Much prefer my Solara Convertible. Plus I love the color (Cosmic Blue) and have had MANY, MANY complements. 

Fun to drive. It's a convertible.

The rag top is very reliable and quiet. The sound system is very loud and clear.

The bluetooth and the miles to empty meter. I'm a musician and my cello fits perfectly in the trunk. Its great when I'm carpooling. I've actually fit 2 cellos a violin and 4 people in my solara. 

The great gas mileage, the rear seat has the roomiest of any convertible I have ever seen and it fits two full sized adults

Bluetooth feature (was a must for us in Calif.); the instrument panel with lights on; very classy metallic paint; rear spoiler (my favorite); underbody trim to add to the sporty look; ease of putting top up/down; adjustable headlamps; comfortable back seat; roomy trunk, and Toyota reliability.

Bluetooth, JBL sound-system, adjustable-height headlights, sport package ground effects, 3 phase pearl white, roomy backseat, sleek exterior design, crisp and clean interior design.

Comfortable seating in the front.

Just some of my favorites are: ease of putting the top up & down; beautiful style; comfortable ride; steeringwheel radio controls; roomy & comfortable interior; sporty look.

Comfort, roominess, nice interior, excellent visibility, moonroof. 

Good looking interior, awsome stance, big wheels (17 inch), many features in the steering wheel.

Putting the top down and up is a breeze. The windows close in sequence starting with the rears up, then the fronts, when the top is closing. Very little air noise for a rag top.

Level-adjustable HID headlights, steering wheel controls, smooth and quiet ride, comfort. Toyota's reputation! Blizzard pearl paint is simply stunning. 

Tight on curves; tight turning radius; very comfortable for 4; wind in cabin with top down is minimal; less road noise - top up or down; great trunk space; mirrors are effective; great sound with standard equipment; lots of power; heavy for slippery services; frontwheel drive; etc.

I like sound system options on the steering wheel. I also like the glareproof feature on the rearview mirror.

Rear and front lights.

Getting in and out of the car since the seats are higher - is one reason I bought this particular automobile. 

Heated seats, "all window button", AUX input for stereo, bluetooth connection.

Convertible, telephone hookups and fuel economy.

Everything, controls, ride, appearance, comfort, and of course the top comes down.



Ease of putting the top down, the sound system, very comfortable seats, fairly large trunk, large back seats, and quality of workmanship of the whole car. 

Very pretty car, really nice blue/tan interior combo. Sunroof adds some open air comfort without too much wind roar. Roomy and comfortable, especially for two people traveling. Sound system is a definite plus, sounds great! Big trunk and seats that fold down in back is a nice feature.

Rag top, mp3 jack and sound system in general.

The ease of the top going up and down. Easy to get in and out of front seats

Appearance, quietness, stereo and navigation system, and interior finish and fit. So far (about 3000 miles) have not found any problem which required a trip back to dealer.

Nice looking car, comfortable seats, quiet ride. Sound system is excellent. Lots of compliments when I have the car. Auto dimming mirror w/compass is nice, but could react faster. Seat belts have cool extenders from the shoulder mounts making them comfortable to wear for all.

Bluetooth phone and stereo are fav. features. 

The heated seats, the large back seat area, and driving with the top down.

Seats, power of car.

One touch top down/windows down button, large trunk space (even when top is down), bluetooth wireless phone system, iPod plug in jack, roomie back seat, phone/audio controls on steering wheel, lots of storage compartments, etc!

Drop top for sure, 5th generation navigation, bluetooth.

The bluetooth (cell phone) feature

Performance and looks. Nice sized rear seat for the rare occaison that I need seating for four. Nice, big trunk for such a sporty car.

Excellent road lighting with the optional headlight package, the Bluetooth phone feature and the navigation are very convenient, the ease and speed of the top opening and the "all windows" button make it easier to convert to rag-top mode, the "in steering wheel" radio & display controls are great

ease of top operation

The convertable roof, of course.

The instrument panel has a really cool look and the tilt/telescopic steering wheel are great features. I love the 6 disc/mp3 player compatability. I can plug my iPod in and jam all the way to work. I also love the sporty look. 

Bluetooth capable, GPS, steering wheel controls.

Transmission, gps system with verbal commands, steering wheel controls, style, ride, all up/down window button, accel to 100 in no time/comfortably, great dash & dash lights, great leather, stereo can compete with the kids without modif. Computer controlled ac/heat, auto dim rear/driver side mirrors

Going topless

Navigation system, dash design, ease and speed of lowering the roof,

Lots of storage compartments, 6 disc CD player, stereo controls on steering wheel, compass, rear view mirror changes from day/night view automatically, well lit dashboard, cargo net in trunk, seat comfort and leg room in back seat, steering wheel can be moved in and out for arm comfort

Ease and speed of "lowering the roof"

Dashboard layout, audio system, ride

