Comfort! Mpg 20-24 city and consistently 27+ hwy Quiet interior Smooth ride Great Infinity stero Awesome V6 Smooth as silk 5 speed automatic trans.

Comfortable seats and large windshield for excellent viewing. No car I know has more room in the rear seats. The V6 has plenty of get up and go.

Storage capacity

Size, smooth engine, pick and go, has good power. 

- ABS breaks; - Powerful but with good mileage engine; - Design, specially interior and luggage space; 

Room inside compared with compact dimensions outside, quietness, comfort, uniqueness of design. I like the 5- speed automatic with auto shift capabilities, the under-floor storage in the hatch area, the multiple interior lights and cup holders. A very practical car without all the SUV inefficiencies.

The only favorite parts to the vehicle for me is the Stereo and the size. It is small but when you need the larger size you have it.

Seating position, ease of entry/exit, functionality of all equipment, smooth ride, powerful 4 cylinder, roomy interior.

The ability to get through snow, and the great mileage, it also has great visibility and great smooth ride.

Small on the outside, big on the inside. Seat warmers. Good handling, easy maintenance. Reliable. Excellent value, esp when looking at competition for 6-7 seaters. Mazda5 only seats 6 and underpowered. Rav4 costs more and 3rd row is more cramped. Headlights take some getting used to, but are good.



Radio/CD unit is acceptable. Flat fold down rear seats makes it wonderful to haul items without having that blessed hump to make packing unbearable.

5 star safety, mpg, quiet, Toyota engine/tranny smoothness. A big sedan with a backpack!

third row fold down seats, stability control, ease of entry and exit from front seats, comfort of seats (leather) and great visibility from tall and wide windows.

Visibility, interior roominess, good gas mileage, easy to reach controls, dependable cruise control, simple interior, 6 CD changer in dash, good visibility from side mirrors, everyone loves my car, handy pockets, cup holders, comfortable seats, heated seat option (get it!), easy in/out. 

Peppy engine, fun to drive, great a/c. Lighter and ash tray!



gas mileage is great but comparing to my former fords and dodges it doesn't take much. peppy lil 2.7 L v6. great sound. 

Roomy, lot's of under the floor storage space. Peppy 4 cyl has plenty of giddy up. Great infinity stereo system, steering mounted controls, ESC and traction control standard, 4 wheel disc brakes, handles great, and is amazingly smooth on good roads.

The easy to reach knobs on the console; the height adjustment on the driver's seat (I am short); the visibility and the comfort of the seats

The tightness and smoothness of the ride, and the functional seating/hauling options.

It is roomy and the controls are laid out very well; although the some are hard to read in bright sunlight if you have sunglasses on. I love the under the floor board storage in the rear of the vehicle. They have made the most of all the space in the car.

Interior versatility, smooth and powerful V-6, excellent stereo, good road manners, good ride, you can get Kia's at reasonable prices.. excellent value for the money 

Interor space, high ceiling, cargo space, tie downs, storage under rear floor, seats EASY to fold down, manumatic shift gate, decent MPG, unique styling, standard stability control "ESC", big discounts, not many on the road.

Being able to walk in the back seat area to strap in children in their car seats.

Stereo clear and LOUD .. very nice controls very easy to reach and love that the back windows go all the way down

Very roomy and comfortable. Lots of spunk for a 4 banger. Very attractive in and out. The gas mileage should get better as time goes on as I don't have a heavy foot. Great visibility and I don't need tinted glass as I have nothing to hide. Solid, tight, well built vehicles.

view, view, view logical layout of the dash second row seat comfort flexibility of third row cup holders great in third row long warranty 

I love the third row seat. We had family in from out of state and we fit our two kids and two other adults very comfortably to run around town.

I like the steering wheel volume controls and 5 disc CD, Mp3, Stereo with Quality speakers - very loud. Extra power plugs for Portable devices. Hidden compartments at the back are also a plus. The total package is a very good deal overall all - 100k warranty and 5 year roadside perfect.

The sound system is awesome, and the visibility is great.

I love the cockpit of this. All is in easy reach ... and the storage ability and places are ingenious.

Easy knobs for everything - it all makes sense - easy in and out - cute styling - great pricing with huge rebates.

Interior comfort, sound system and interior details. Great cargo space. I love everything about the car.

A lot of pep for a 4 cyl. engine. trouble free after 1 year and 16000 miles.

Great car for a decent price, super visibility, ease of entry and exit, sporty look, fun to drive, easy to see/use controls. Plenty of power on the busy thruway I travel, and great maneuverability in the city.

Visibility out the vehicle. Fuel efficiency - average 26.5 mpg between highway & city driving! Storage spaces & nooks, especially in the back. Can store toolbox, and other emergency equipment. Wife likes the pocketbook hook on passenger side. Radio sounds good for basic model. Comfortable ride!

Plenty of storage, and great ride.

Car-like handling/ride and gas mileage with SUV space/flexibility and higher seating position. Smooth, quiet and powerful engine/ride and manual shifting option is great. Under-floor cargo-area storage bins are very nice. V6, leather, sunroof and premium stereo for under $20K is hard to beat.

My favorite features are 7 seats and storage capacity.

Having a six disk cd player is nice and sunroof. The saftey features are awesome,stability control, anti-lock brakes and the many air bags, especially with children in the vehicle. 

No auto head lights or running lites but will turn off automatically when the driver door is opened, so just as good if you leave them on all the time.

3rd row seats, price, handling, dash layout, quiet ride, abundant features on EX model.

The features are all nice, but the ones that I appreciate the most are the windshield wiper de-icers, the outside mirror de-icers, the 6 airbags, and the neat every-automaker- should-have-it purse hook on the right of the centre console. It is great for holding a snack bag for trips with the kids.

Tight handling in mountain curves, some understeer. Enough power on steeps if you keep the revs high. Cruises smooth at 80 on flats. Great soccer dad/mountain car -- needs snow tires in winter, but handles 10% grade in snow no prob. Brakes adequate. Acceleration adequate.

Seating capacity, no defects - no mechanical issues.

Plenty of room, drives like a car but has room of van/SUV, the console is very accessible, love the windows (nice and big, the most visibility I ever remember having), versatile, mileage, price, height adjustable drivers seat, warranty, reclining back seats, 

Grand kids like the higher second seat. I like the peppy acceleration and easy access, better economy and better road clearance.

Versatile cargo space (5-seater), standard features like ESC & side airbags, roomy all around, reasonably good fuel economy, unbeatable warranty, excellent value for the money.

Mileage as compared to SUVs, third row seating is great for bigger families with kids (they clearly say upfront that it's not meant for adults), good visibility & great interior finish.

Excellent road feel, and steering reacts like good old manual steering, returning to center naturally. I love the giant rear doors. Thought sliding doors would be better at first, but these are great.

Outward visibility for safety. Comfort. Amazing interior room. Utility factor. Build quality. Safety features. Warranty.

Excellent seating height (no stepping up or crouching down into the seats), and more than ample shoulder room in front. Go for the 3rd row seat, like I did; it's way more useful than the small underfloor storage in the 2-row models. Oh, and big cupholders galore!

The car is loaded with standard features including front and side airbags, ABS brakes, vehicle stability control, power steering, power windows, power locks, AC, reclining front and rear seats, adjustable rear climate controls, storage bins/pockets everywhere and 7500 mile maintenance intervals.

Cup holders, 12v plugs, 3rd row seating, 5 year roadside assistance and a 10 year warranty!! Tilt, cruise, CD, middle ac vents, and the gas cap holder so you don't scratch your paint job at the pump!! Tons of extras for a great price!

Seating position - no compromises at all! For a big guy, that's important.

Heated seats - oooh how decadent!

Shiftable automatic a real godsend for allowing the engine to slow the vehicle down in icy weather.

The inside design is very friendly for drivers and passengers. The body is very attractive, plenty of leg and head room. And a great sound system.

Space planning on this car is par none. I tried all models under $20000 and not one had head and leg room for a tall drink like me. The third row is great for small ones or the extra teen that can squeeze in. Did I mention the roominess!!!

1. The 3rd row - we have already used it several times, and it's great for flexibilty. 2. The relatively spacious interior, in a vehicle just a hair bigger than my cramped Corolla. 3. The engine/trans., as above.

Style, fit and finish, location of shifter, abs, four wheel discs with alloy wheels, michelin tires, great stereo with steering wheel controls, outlet for a/c to 2nd row seats, visibility, quiet smooth engine and ride, esc, storage under rear floor, lots of areas for storage and many cup holders.

Our 4 year old actually noticed and commented on the big windows. The visibility is great. My 280 lb husband has plenty of room. The teenager thinks rear leg room is better than the Trailblazer. Rear cargo is easier to access and provides lots of room with "hidden" storage areas. Extra cupholders!

Collapsable seats, 3rd row seating.

Smooth quiet ride, air conditioning and sound system, storage space, visibility and warranty.

Wide opening doors.

Cabinosity: huge amounts of room. Very comfortable in all the seats. Great visibility. The way it drives. V-6 with a 5 speed. Dog friendly with back seats down.

Room - the fact that the back door makes it easy for an elderly person with hip replacements able get in and out with ease was the main reason I bought it. I had a 2004 Optima before this, and it is comparable, just not as many upscale features such as the Infinity stereo system. 

We bought this car for the leg room but we're in love with the smooth ride of the car.

Exterior look. Third row seat. Affordable. Great gas mileage (28 MPG, mixed city and highway).

Ride, controls, size, visibility, versatility, impressive list of safety features not usually found in this price range. Build quality; this vehicle is solid. Fog lights can be used independent of head lights.

The sound and speed.

Great storage room, lots of leg room and overhead room for tall people, drives very smoothly, sleek interior.

5 speed auto. 17" wheels are nice. The Infinity sound system sounds good. Gas mileage!

Roomy - still haven't filled it to the rafters, but haven't gone camping yet either. We bought the roof rack and cargo box too, so we should be able to bring a lot with us. Peppy - haven't been able to really open it up yet to see what its capable of.



The amount of storage is amazing, still finding storage places.

Performance, styling, build quality, amount of room for the size.

Gas mileage; interior room; visibility; raised driving position; rear under the deck ice cooler and extra storage areas (in the 5 seater); included cassette player along with the CD player; many standard features including front and side air bags. Best warrantee in the auto business.

Visibility.

Overall look and feel of the car. The upgraded stereo is well worth it. I crank it up and it sounds great. 

Comfortable, smooth ride, very responsive V6. Good versatility throughout.

Love the standard features (ABS, ESC, side curtain airbags), third row (adequate for children or small adults), peppy ride and great warranty.

After driving a minivan previously, this car is a lot of fun to drive. Plenty of power in the four cylinder, plus 26mpg over first 3 fill-ups!

Fit and finish. Manufacturer warranty. 3rd row seat. General comfort for a car this size.

I like the interior design and comfort.

Tactile interior materials are great! Sliding 2nd row, seating for 7, real 2nd row doors, easy entry to 3rd row, V6 power matched to 5 speed auto, seating height and ease of entry to driver's position, heated seats, steering wheel controls, lots of storage and cupholders.

The overall looks, comfortable ride and interior design are great, but our favorite feature is the visibility! The windows are large and when you are driving OR a passenger, the views are great.

Build quality, upscale feel, interior room. I am 6'4" and over 400 and I easily fit in the driver's, passenger's and rear. 2.4 is smooth and responsive and quiet at highway speeds; 3000 rpm at 80.

