4.0 has 265 hp general grabber at2 tires limited slip Dana rear end full locking Dana rear end spray in bedliner movable tie down system in the bed Amsoil in engine since new best tank of gas 22.3 m.p.g. at 65 m.p.g 

Power, room, long bed fits just about anything.

Looks nice and is solid.

power, ride, quiet, great seats. 

Desert storm grey exterior, 6 sp manual, looks, ground clearance, ride, 2 tone seats, acceleration, construction

Power, size, ride, style, cup-holders, and comfort. Wife enjoys the SUV-like interior(crew cab LE), Enjoy running boards, sunroof, spray-in bed liner, and all the rails and tie-down options

Power, storage, utility and ride. Endless configurations/function.

Electronic locking rear differential. Interior space. Power. Quiet ride (for a truck).

Stance and appearance tie down features and spray-in liner.

Big powerful 4cyl powers like the competition's 6cyl, yet frugal on gas. Will handle the heavy loads. Nissan is ahead of the competition when it comes to "Price vs. Value/Quality"

size of interior, quiet, looks

261 hp, carlike ride/handling, exterior styling, factory applied bed liner, leather heated seats, sunroof, 10" ground clearance.



V-6, spray in bed liner, 17" wheels. Really to many good features to name.

Love the Stereo! The power and the cool red brawn color.

 Enjoy everything about this truck. Punch of the little four cylinders, handling and ergonomics.

The 4WD is awesome. I like the ability to turn off 4WD, and that is what my Nissan gives me. For a truck, road handling is excellent. Comfort is good, but it's a truck, so it should feel like one. This truck rides high, which improves visibility. The heater is excellent. 

Quiet is the best feature. This truck is as quiet as a Lincoln Town Car on the Highway. 

Power, spray on bed liner, smooth ride. Great looks as well. Relatively quite interior.

Quiet smooth ride Great power Good mpg rating 16/21 Roomy Cabin for smaller truck 

Surprisingly, the ride. The ride is more compliant than I expected from a pick-up. 

The style. It just looks so cool with the chrome bumpers and alloy wheels. The interior is wicked spacious. 

Power and highway smooth drive.

Bull-dog looks. Zoomin' engine. Smooth tranny. Cool tie-down system. Lots of storage cubbies. Flip-and-fold back seats. 

Back-in-the-seat power. Super-smooth 5spd auto. Excellent stock stereo. Fullsize bed. Plastic interior is easy to clean and still feels solid. Seats are good and dash is easy to use. Steering wheel audio is a life-saver. Cruise control is spot-on and never overrevs.

Leather seating, stereo, bed liner, V6 has plenty of power.

Powerhouse engine, 6 speed transmission is well geared for economy and power, outside look is conservative yet aggressive, handles like a car w/ minimal brake dive or body roll. VERY HEAVY solid feeling truck. 400 lbs heavier than comparable toyota.

Overall design and functionality.

Smooth power

Styling, power and mileage

Style, Utili-track Bed Channel system, Powerful motor, rockford fosgate sound, long bed, 

Engine, storage, tie down system, and good looks.

The best feature is the tiedown & rail system in the bed. It can fit any configuration and if you like even more options they are available as extras

Exterior design,power,sprayed in bedliner



A+ build quality Fantastically good suspension & handling High-revving, snarly little 4 with a broad torque band & a 6200 RPM redline

4.0v6 hauls. 6speed manual. sharp, minimalistic, clean design inside and out. Nice ride height. Good stock stereo, nice steering wheel, gauge, radio, and shifter layout for driver. Folding passenger seat makes nice desk. Fantastic price, much more bang for the buck than toyota. $23,600 vs. $27,500

Power, bed tie down system, bed extender, Roominess.

Long bed, tow package, bed liner and tie down system.

Lots of power at reasonable gas mileage. Side air bags. Power everything. Great look.

Nice looking truck and you can ride some people with you and be fairly comfortable. Good space in the front for those in the AARP years.

Stable ride, fast, utili-track system quite usefull. Solid truck.

Comfy interior, high sitting position, cupholders, sunglass holder.

Powerful motor. Sure footedness of 4wd w/ traction control in the winter, but you'll still want sandbags. Styling. Overall quality, fit and finish. Sound quality of the speakers / sub woofer. Moveable tie downs in bed. Power sunroof. Trip computer on the odometer. Lots of storage.

Satellite radio, spray-in bed liner, sun roof, 261 hp V6.

Comfortable interior, Handles nicely, and fun to drive.

In addition to the flip up back seats & removable headrests I mentioned before, this is the shortest of the crew cab pickups at 205.5 inches (not counting Subaru Baja) so I can fit it in the garage! Its easier to get in and out of than a Tacoma. Lots of compliments on deep red color.

Spray in bed liner with tie down track system (very handy) and power and performance.

The truck handles well, seems to have a lot of power, I like the exterior.

Comfortable. Nicely placed cupholders, power. 

Still power, acceleration, riding position, good control in snow (in 4WD), semi-decent in 2WD, driver-to-car feeling is fantastic even (and especially) in bad conditions, I still like everything I liked in the first review.

power, braking, cornering, off-roading.

Power options. Wider bed than the previous models which is nice.

Car-like ride. Plenty of power (if needed).

Bedliner and utilitrac

Everything.

Love the color (red), engine has great power and automactic shifts very smooth. The power group in a must.

Motor/trans combo=smooth power & torque when needed. Stiff ride outstanding on trails, but not too harsh on pavement. Size and overall utility as family vehicle plus toy hauler for boating or hunting/fishing trips. 

Flip up back seats with removable headrests, solid feel, color and look. Sprayed on bedliner. 

Power, acceleration, ride high, 6 spd, nice ride both on highway and around the block.

All the storage space, and spacious king cab.

Powerful engine, looks, ride and towing capacity.

Power, looks, six speed tranny, MPG on freeway.

Beautiful body style. Feels like a solid well engineered truck. Perfect size, perfect engine. Excellent stereo and interior layout. Tire pressure monitoring system. Cleat tie downs. Nicely equipped stock but great value with options package.



Sunroof, 4x4, mileage read out, sits high up, automatic, power, lumbar support, bigger gas tank, more miles to drive before filling up again, spray on bedliner, moveable bed extender, and latches on rails in the bed, stereo, storage under back seat, cupholders, little storage compartments.

Acceleration and quiet ride.

Sunroof by far. Not a pop up like on my 2001 Frontier, but a full sunroof, moonroof that pops up, but also will totally open. It is positioned perfectly, not load, not too windy, and a good size. Like the stereo too, the Rockford Fosgate system is nice. 

Power, ride quality, pricing. 6.0' bed. Thanks! Nissan quality.

Performance and ride, Rockford Fosgate sound system, Nismo package, Seats and interior.

Rockford fosgate, power leather seats, excellent ride for a truck, great power for a V6, bed lock down system, longbed model, sunroof.

It's a smooth ride.

My favorite parts are the performance of the 6M transmission behind the 4.0 litre 6 cyl. The little extras have been great too such at the included bed extender, the under rear seat storage and the amount of storage availabe in the cab.

The power options, windows, cruise control, automatic transmission, etc make this a very civilized little truck. But it's definitely a truck with a somewhat stiff ride to remind you. I love it.

4 wheel disk brakes, factory sprayed on bed liner, bed extender, locking tail-gate, full instrumentation (includes oil press and voltmeter not found on competing trucks), double weather-strip seals around doors, ABLS and ABS, thoughtful interior design, 6300 lb tow capacity, powerful and smooth.

Solid, powerful (6 cyl), smooth shifting (6 spd man). Very good looking and comfortable. Well designed interior with several storage compartments and plenty of leg room. Easy to use cruise control on steering wheel. 4WD and other cab controls are easy to access. Approx 20 MPG mixed hwy/city.

3 12 volt outlets, and lots of extra space. Lots more power and torque without giving up mpg.

Tie down system in bed is pretty great.

Good power, drives like a car.

Looks, engine power and quiet, smooth ride.

Power to spare and smooth automatic shifting. Storage under the rear seats is handy. Water bottle holders in each door, very nifty! Four additional drink holders is great. Ride is car like. The tie down system is user friendly and above all, functional. Limited slip braking system.

Comfortable seating. Cold A/C. Quiet interior. Solid build. Overall size; not too big, not too small. Decent MPG.

Ride comfort, dependability, good looks.

The rear bed rails and spray in bed liner, with bed extender standard are nice. So is the locking tail gate. I also like the storage under the seats and the water bottle holders in the front doors. The engine is nice and the 5 speed transmission is smooth.

Nismo package, sunroof package, smooth, powerful V6, stereo, orange illuminated dash dials, quiet cabin, car-like ride. Love it all!!

Where to start?! Performance, civilized ride, spacious and quiet interior, body style, better than hoped (18.5+) MPG, bed/cargo management system (!) price, and last but not least, It's NOT another Toyota 

Like it all.

Power power power.

Rockford Fosgate 6 disc CD stereo w/ subwoofer. 4WD dial/switch. Util-track bed. Factory spray-on bed liner. 261 HP. Locking tailgate. Automatic head lights. Under rear seat storage container w/ cargo net. Dual lockable glove box. Auto dim rear view mirror. Home Link comp. 

The excellent power at altitude. The looks. The way it handles on the road.

Ride comfort, engine power and quiet, smooth shifting, stability and comfort on and off road, handling and steering responsiveness, roomy cabin, well laid out, traction package, great Fosgate audio system!

Cruise, variable wipers, automatic, sits high off of the ground, and the color.

Seats, 4 doors, bed liner and sliding bed extension. Outstanding power, good solid sound when you closing door. Standard stereo plays really clear. Like the 16 in tires, they ride very well, less expensive to replace than 18 in tires.



I like its looks and the power of the 4.0L. It is very well built. Features of more expensive trucks are already on these truck. The engineers listened to consumers apparently. 

Power. Bed features (spray in liner, utilitrack system). Exterior styling. Car like ride. 

Ground clearance. ABS. Disc brakes all around.

Appearance, power and quality.

Engine and transmission. Still best looking truck out there.

Big truck feel, while gaining the fuel economy of a 4 cyl. 4 wheel disc brakes, ABS, impressive front look.

Looks, height advantage, roominess, utility value, ride, comfortable bucket seats, double (one locking) glove box, cupholders and outlets abound. Nice stereo CD player. Okay gas mileage for a truck.

Solid box frame, rear disc brakes, torque rich V6, factory sprayed bedliner, 3 spoke steering wheel (great for offroading), comfortable seats, Nismo tuned suspension, Utilitrack rails with cleats, awesome steering, locking diff, Active Brake Limited Slip (ABLS), large side mirrors, excellent cup holders.

Well-built. Easier to operate than a full-size truck. Feels good with minimal road noise at highway cruising speed. Very good in-cab storage.

Nice riding height. Good view of the road. King Cab is very nice. We like the way we could get the features we really wanted without getting and paying for stuff we did not need.

I like everything about this truck - best mid sized on the market without question.

Four doors makes life much easier. The ride is very smooth and the truck has all the power I need and then some. Averaging about 18.5 mpg. 

Power and styling.

Exterior style, comfortable interior, price/value

Disc brakes all around, more comfortable seating, higher performance engine, sprayed in bed liner was standard and it has a better system to secure cargo in the bed. More flexibility with the roof rail system. Even the interior is more flexible with the the way the seats fold up and down & flat.

Great looks. Smooth ride.

I love the interior of the truck and the Rockford Fosgate stereo system. I also like the tie-down system in the bed. The truck rides great on the highway, almost like a car. I also like the shift on the fly 4WD system.

Engine power, handling, storage under the seats, cab heat is quick, 6sp and the track system in the bed make life easy hauling stuff.

I like the fact it looks like a smaller Titan. The sunroof is a cool feature I like with the windows down. Also, like the bed extender for hauling my dj equipment.

Smooth ride and shifting. Drives much like the Nissan Maxima we once owned. I have the 4WD model and it provides an incredibly smooth ride on the road.

Engine is A+ in every way. Interior is roomy. I like the bed extender, I got the larger bed at 6" and the extender makes it so I don't miss the full sized gas guzzler at all.

Roof rack, spray-in liner, tie-down system, locking tailgate, nice ride, lots of power. The LE Frontier comes with many additional features and is a few thousand less than a Tacoma TRD. Both are great trucks but the Frontier seems to be a better value. 

Decent power.

Great power for a V6. Smooth transmission shifts. Smooth/solid ride.

Surprisingly, the handling. It is much better than I thought it would be. The truck soaks up highway miles in comfort. 

Interior is great. Power is more than adequate. 

