CVT - When working right Styling Handling Fit and Finish 

The subtle mods to the 2007 Maxima body compared to the 2006(grille,headlights,exhaust tips),and interior(control panel with buttons) really improve the look and sex appeal. The CVT is a pleasant surprise. It fully exploits the 255 hp engine - giving maximum output and fuel efficiency at every rpm.

Everything!

body style, strong engine, neatly stacked controls/display, back lit dash, smart key

Bose radio system, 6 in dash cd player, interior dash light, xenon headlights

Projection lights, love the smart key feature and keyless start. Overall sportiness, 18 inch alloy wheels.

Rock solid reliability (2nd Maxima with no problems), heated steering wheel, heated seats, navigation system's ease of use and quick recalculations when I'm not paying attention, Bluetooth, attractive exterior and interior styling. 

Acceleration, Bose system

Power! Very responsive during my trip up the 6 - 9% grade mountains in WV. No lack of power when passing vehicles up the mountains XM radio, especially since the merge, more channels! The navigation system. Backup tone indicators. Intelligent key system

The power is wonderful when passing big rigs. Seats are comfortable and makes long trips feel less tiring. The Bose system makes the radio and CDs come alive.

Basically... everything but the horsepower and noise. The design inside and out is fantastic and the ride is smooth (but not quiet). Bluetooth and backup radar very cool.

BlueTooth phone system, the CVT and the heated seats and steering wheel. The Bose system is remarkable and the Smart Key technology is beyond words. 

Car has many little gadgets, if you like gadgets this car is right for you. I do Like the new style rear end, with bigger exhuast tips and black lower molding under the bumper. Like the new redesigned front bucket seats and the new white numbered dashboard.

It is a very good looking car and hard to not like it. I did buy another one !! The seats are better but not $30K class. The CVT IS VERY NICE ! The backup radar . The design over previous MAX's. Probably the best engine on the market !

Everything about the car. Who could want anything more. Take note Detroit.

Intelligent Key (no key needed), AC and heat with dual climate controls is fabulous. Seat comfort and interior room is awesome. Redisigned front end and new lines to the car make this a very sleek and attractive vehicle that gets noticed driving down the street. Rated at 255 HP and it is fast.

Too many to list but a few in order: Smart key, bluetooth, navigation, seats, auto lights, sound system, and power tilt steering wheel. 

Overall appearance. This car gets long looks from people! Performance is superb. Technology such as the intelligent key, bluetooth, CD and backup sonar are awesome. Interior room is great. I like the dual heat/AC controls as well as the mode settings for miles till empty, MPG, time of trip, etc

Endless..Intelligent key (wonderful), rear sensors, Bose 6 CD changer, memory seats, folding side mirrors.

I think the CVT is awesome! Great stereo! The keyless entry and start is a bonus.

comfort of the seats

Engine performance, CVT (more of a performance enhancement than a "nanny"), the new interior, intelligent key. Fun factor ++

The keyless door, trunk and ignition is a dream come true - no more digging in my purse to find keys. Just walk up, push a button, get in, turn the switch to start the engine and GO! The 6 disc MP3 player, Birds-Eye view Navi feature, BIG trunk is clutch for golfers. The drive is S-W-E-E-T!

The leather seats and the BOSE 6 CD changer.

The Stereo, ride, looks & complementes from people no matter where I go.

After getting some time on the CVT I really like its operation. 

On exit, the driver seat goes back and the wheel tilts up. Next, the CVT is really great. And, the keyless ignition and door and trunk entry is suburb. Plus, all the other luxury features that you can't get on other brands. Plus, the Xenon headlights.

Heated steering wheel, in dash 6 cd changer, folding side mirrors for tight parking, and rear parking sensors.

The intelligent key. 

i love the stereo ( bose sound system) awesome!!!!

Everything

CVT transmission, new interior look, the convenience of the intelligent key, and the all new rear spoiler!

6 disc MP3 CD changer with Aux audio jack. 2 user memory seat. Intelligent key means I never have to take the keyfob out of my pocket. 

While all the bells and whistles are nice, the greatest feature (most useful) is the Bluetooth phone connection. It hooked right up to my Treo 650 and when calling or receiving calls, both the nav and radio cut off. Next, I find the seats fit me perfectly and are far more comfortable than the A8.

Xenon headlights, Bose sound system is great and interior quietness. 

Color, outside look of car ,very sporty looking, get compliments.

The radio is good with quality sound. Bluetooth, CVT is smooth, quickness and power to pass easily on the highway. Front seats are nice for a tall person.

CVT is very cool.



I absolutely love the speed, the incredibly smooth ride, the edgy look, the space. I'm definitely getting my money's worth!

Blue tooth, power is good, CVT is great, trunk room good, headlights very bright, memory seats and wheel are great. Quiet ride but not as smooth and stable as Nissan Murano.

The car does look good, Very aggressive, intimidating front end, Bi-Xenon headlights are amazing, and in those cold winter Jersey morning heated steering wheel is great, comfortable seats, impressive Bose sound system, The manual mode is on point with no delay what so ever.

CVT, MP3 jack, keyless entry/start.

Keyless entry, keyless startup, skyview is a plus as well as keyless trunk. At least the consumer knows the car will not be stolen because of the sensor on the car notifies you once you have had the car on for a long period of time with the out of zone.

Heated steering wheel and power it handles great and loves to run.

3.5 liter, CVT, and intelligent ignition.

Heated steering wheel, Bluetooth, Bose sound system, performance, looks.

Seamless gear changing, Bose sound system, large trunk, heated seats/steering wheel; keyless entry is awesome; steering wheel controls; iPod jack, back-up sensors, memory seats; the woodgrain actually looks great on this, didn't expect to like the tacky stuff but I do. LOVE car, not the noise 

CVT (with manual shift capability) performance. Intelligent ignition system. Bose music system. Folding rear seats. Power driver seats. Folding-down side mirrors. Seat leather quality. Tire Pressure Monitor.

I love the smart key, bluetooth, power tilt / telescoping steering wheel as well as the easy exit seat. The leather seats are very comfortable and the back up sensors are really helpful. 

Engine. Interior/exterior appearance. Brakes. Large trunk. Steering wheel audio controls. It's not my old clunker.

CVT, bluetooth, memory settings, heated steering & seats, Bose stereo, size, price.

Blue tooth, dual climate control, heated steering wheel, CVT, back up sensors, dual exhuast, fold in mirrors, Bose stereo.

Bluetooth, CVT and the keyless entry.

Bose, Bluetooth, dash, huge trunk.

The ride, just feels solid.

Plenty: CVT, 3.5L, 18" chrome wheels, the bluetooth is awesome, sloping rear roofline, dual exhaust look, back-up sensors, Bose with aux jack for iPod, homelink, sunglass holder, fold-in side mirrors that will pan down when car is shifted in reverse, rear spoiler is just right, smart key is nice.

Keyless entry, Bose stereo, auxillary feature on the stereo, heated steering wheel and seats, memory seating, rear sonar, etc. The list goes on and on.

Appearance and style.

Bluetooth, Bose, Keyless, upgraded spare tire. 

Styling is great, ride is great. Great car for the price.

Exterior looks and interior features. Little extras, like the dual auto up windows. Good Bose stereo. Comfortable, memory seats. Having owned a variety of vehicles (incl. BMW, Toyota, Honda, Lincoln, Subaru) the Max is a good driving, comfortable luxury/sport sedan.



Bose sound, silky smooth CVT, comfy leather seats, quiet, comfortable ride, quick throttle response, great brakes.

Bose is nice, keyless entry fun. Ride is superb, along with leather and trim look sharp. Auto dim mirrors work great! Many features make for a comfortable and stylish ride!

CVT, exterior styling with wing and grille.

Very nice looking, smooth ride and has quality features included in base model.

Good looks of the car, CVT drive and some of the special features like Bluetooth, XM radio, back-up alarm and the Smart key system.

The body style. The leather seats and dash features. 

The handling is very impressive for this size of a car. All amenities are similar to the 2002 version, with small improvements everywhere.

CVT transmission, Bose radio and the "smart key". It has saved me from locking my fob in the car several times!

Heated seats and steering wheel, handling, "magic" keyless ignition and entry. Bluetooth works great with my Palm 700p.

I like the way the car is shaped and the color - Sonoma Sunset. Love the intelligent key - it's so smart!

Definitely the design. The interior feels tight like a luxury sport sedan should. The exterior is nice. Maybe one too many angles for my taste but respectable. It is my understanding the Maxima will get a makeover soon, if it improves as much as the Altima did, it is something to look forward to.

Keyless ignition and door locks, as well as the integrated iPod and satellite radio. 

Very smooth transmission. Powerful engine with handling that makes you want to drive it. Good feedback from suspension and steering. Firm ride, no wallowing. Roomy. Good build quality. Luxury appointments such as heated, power telescoping steering wheel works well. Good mileage for its class.

Power power power power... did I mention the power.

Sky view, exterior shape and design, 

CVT. It's amazing. You don't feel shifts up or down, and I have not had problems with performance. The Bose stereo is worth the upgrade. The heated seats and steering wheel are very nice on cold mornings. The HID lights are also great on dark mornings.

Navigation, BOSE stereo, leather seats, memory seats/ telescopic steering wheel. Looks of the car, really hot!



Fuel economy is the best for THAT much power, I love the drive, the transmission is super smooth.

The look of the car (SE model), climate control, CVT, engine, leather seats, wheels, bose radio and keyless entry and start.

engine,engine, engine. The power is incredible! The comfort of ride is second to none in the luxury sedan segment. The cvt is an amazing feature. amazingly easy to leave most cars in your rear view mirror in a matter of seconds. Do not buy th TL, Or the Avalon. Definitely not the Accord. Buy this 

CVT, Bose, steering wheel and seats retracting upon turning the car off, large back seat and trunk.

CD exchanger and sound system, heated steering wheel & seats, folding outside mirrors, compass.

intel key, redesigned dash and panel, less turning torque, rear sonar,new trans?

cvt smooth as silk

Design, CVT and intelligent key.

The CVT id really cool. Bluetooth. HID is important in the boonies! Seats are great. Lots of room in back for the two kids. Smooth ride. Easy to pass others. Doing 100 before you know it. This is not the 350Z, though. If you want a race car, buy one. This is a great sedan. Leather is great.

CVT transmission, intelligent key system, styling, performance, excellent car for the money....I might add that this is not a BMW by any means but for $20,000 less, I'm very satisfied.

Keyless entry features are very cool, the blue tooth feature works better then I thought it would, CVT not for 0- 60 guys as I usually am, but is so smooth it is a great driving experience, nice amount of room up front, the new interior is really very much improved to the 06, Mp3 input is also nice.

Intelligent key, safety features/crash tests, styling, bluetooth, CVT transmission.

Body Design

The CVT, the handling and the heated seats.

 Heated seats. Comfortable interior. great overall look. Keyless ignition. Great ride, but not too stiff. Good Bose sound system. Reachable controls. Luxury and sporty combined. Big trunk. Home link. Heated outside mirrors. No visible antenna. 

Engine and CVT transmission.Interior and exterior designs. For a large car the mileage is impressive.Features included are terrific and easy to use.Fit and finish are outstanding.

Great front bucket seats, nice dash, modern hood treatment and redesigned rear bumper, eliminates the heavy looking rear.

Interior is great. Exterior looks very nice. Love a lot of the little things, like the folding, tilting, heated mirrors, bluetooth, mpg calc.

keyless entry, bose sound system rocks, and rear sonar is cool. Heated seats are nice treat.



Super smooth CVT, powerful engine, sure- footed handling, well-designed steering wheel controls for audio & cruise control. 

Pretty much everything, but the monster engine and CVT tranny are great! Power is never too far away no matter which mode your in. The sporty SE styling is very eye catching! Compliments every time I'm in it. 

CVT, sweet engine, iPod input, fit and finish, keyless start

 the bose system and blue tooth tech. makes passengers shake their heads in awe.





the bose radio is good. keyless entry is good

Navigation; Performance; Interior; New look of rear

engine,engine,engine. leather interior and the Bose sound system is great.

Other than the slowness - my favorite feature is the CVT

Powerful engine. Good audio. Armrest. Local handling. Big wheels.

smartkey, bose system and the backup sensors.



