Great torque and tall gearing make it a joy to shift through the gears with both power and reasonable fuel economy. Perfect for point-and-squirt moves through traffic. The dual-zone climate control (not offered in other years) is great - not expected in this price range. Always solid and stable.

DSG Gearbox Launch Control ESP Optional Paint (Fahrenheit :) Steering Wheel Seats Moon Roof

 Engine sounds great under full throttle. GTI built in Germany, not Mexico as previous model. Xenon headlamps standard. High quality exterior paint finish. Beefy steering wheel you want to caress. Full-size spare tire. Elegant enough for the country club valet, if the occasion were to arise.

DSG, retro seats, xenon lights, handling and steering, radio. 

Powertrain. Interior accent lights at night. 30+ mpg easily achieved if driven with care. Much fun if driven without care. Big aftermarket. Multi-Function Display in dash for car info (mpg, etc), radio control, and car options.

2.0L turbo engine sourced from Audi, xenon headlamps, quality interior materials, induction "tube" that pipes in engine/exhaust sounds into cabin.

The DSG transmission is wonderful. 18" Hefs our great. Gas mileage is good. Fun to drive factor. 

Engine performance, suspension, incredible grip. the rigidity of the chassis-- Four door option, Bigger back seat, climatronic, headlight washers, cockpit lighting, steering wheel, power lumbar support, go for leath 18 inch wheel and tire package, sunroof, lights. Other VW people say hi on the road

Everything

DSG, navigation, innovative VW emblem that opens the hatch, climatronic, ipod compatibility, xenon headlights

The DSG transmission and performance, steering wheel, plaid cloth (I like it), plenty of space for a compact car, 4-doors are a must for me, red calipers, and good gas mileage, telescopic steering wheel. This car is a great mix of speed and practicality.



The overall integration of luxury and performance.

I love the 2.0L turbo engine and the DSG auto transmission that combine to make this one fast Rabbit. Also, like the four doors, which makes the back seat very accessible and usable.

The fun factor!

200hp, 6-speed manual transmission, and unbelievable shifting experience.

Mow fast it is.

The exterior styling; DSG transmission and performance; steering wheel; and how 6 airbags are standard.

The DSG transmission, leather sport seats, iPod port in the glovebox, and how GTI sightings in New England are rare (no AWD? Who cares?).

The pickup, speed, hadling, and cornering - it just hugs the road.

This car is an absolute pleasure to drive. It has responsive steering and acceleration. Plus it gets decent gas mileage: 24/31 mpg.

The DSG transmission, not much turbo lag, tons of room, nice appointments, and how it is so fun to drive.

The luxury interior, satellite radio through the head unit, controls on the steering wheel, and the engine sounds and performs great! I love this car's back seat room, 6 disc in dash CD and MP3 player. The iPod link that charges instead of having to used the cig lighter outlet is neat. The metalic paint job is top notch.

The interior, the quiet ride, satellite radio, the exterior (I've had many compliments), the pep, and the safety features.

The smooth turbo and power delivery are unmatched in the industry, The handling / cornering (the Eibach springs help a lot with body roll) and the aggressive stance that it has are great. I get more looks with this car than my in my Audi.

I love that it has an input so you can plug in your iPod. The paddles are also very cool, most cars don't have that where you can shift gears without taking your hand off the wheel. The plaid seat are in style and are very comfortable. The grill is also really cool with the red pin-stripe.

The DSG transmission and engine (power from down low), standard xenon lights, standard "cloth" seats, foward visibility (almost no hood visible), and safety features - airbags galore.

The handling, engine, interior layout, rear seat comfort and roominess, headlights, fuel economy, and fun. This is perhaps my favorite car ever.

I love the seat style and bucket design, body style, the rims (standard spoke, not the giant circle pattern), rear hatch release, driver display and gauge cluster...list goes on...

The performance.

The DSG transmission.

Turbo, Xenons, Heated Seats, Hufs and of course the steering wheel.

Love everything!

Overall versatility with superior driving performance

The exterior, interior, performance & economical (330 miles to a full tank). Great all around car failed by design (read below for more info). Owned the car for 2 yrs and got fed up with the issues, buying a used Honda Si Hatch w/ these gas prices. New redesign is coming out, same platform be aware!



DSG, Leather Seats, Interior, Torque, Suspension, Steering Wheel, Multi Function Display, Charleston Special edition wheels, the aura around owning a "FAST" its a brotherhood akin to Jeep ownership, only in a more spirited and capable driving platform - I love everything - VW nailed it!!

Perfect engine, DSG, form fitting seats, 17" Denver alloy wheels (mini Huf's), I love the minutely adjustable knob for seatback angle, Climatic holds 72 degrees very well, longer Euro svc. intervals, steering wheel and its controls, ambient lighting, trip computer, ESP, lots of airbags, safe.

DSG - Horsepower to Weight

The DSG transmission, and interior setup. The red illumination lights that light up the console at night are very neat. 

Seats and stereo. Nice subwoofer.

Interior is excellently executed. The steering wheel feels just right, the seats are supportive, the a/c controls are intuitive, and the seat heaters are GREAT. 

The engine's torque and flexibility are outstanding. The shifter is smooth, not as short throw as perhaps a few other manual transmissions, but not bad. Good room in the useful back seats, which split-fold. Interior materials are first-rate in this price range. Plenty of headroom for tall folks.

Color, power, seats.

Seats and dash look great. 200 hp is a plus and it's a very sharp looking car from every aspect.

Looks, 18" wheels, steering wheel.

Interlagos plaid!! Xenon headlights, transmission, power delivery and general styling (both interior and exterior). The vortex body kit is great. And the 18" wheels (made by bbs) are lighter than a number of aftermarket wheels.

The purple and red interior lights are very cool. The car handles like a dream with the 18 inch summer tires.

Exterior and interior design, engine and smooth 6M tranny.

Form fitting seats combined with a manual transmission makes you really feel in control. 

It can really move, when it is running properly. A blast to drive.

Looks, interiors, sportiness, acceleration, fuel efficiency (up to 33-36 mpg sometimes), cockpit lighting at night, superb quality materials all around. Supremely spacious and comfortable for my 6'1" frame, unlike other sporty cars.

DSG is brilliant! This dual-clutch automated manual tranny truly is the future of changing gears, if it proves to have a comparable lifespan. 2.0T is uber impressive. I'm a stickler for ergonomics and this car delivers. Everything is exactly where it should be and looks great being there.

2.0T engine is great, (look at the numbers, this car does not give up much from the R32 and weighs about 500lbs less), DSG gearbox, Xenon headlights are nice, gauges look good as does the entire interior, SAT radio, MP3 adapter, and the color is loud.

I love the lane shift blinker. Just tap and it blinks 3 times. For me this car has adequate storage. The floor mats are really nice. I have only used the rubber ones and I think they are great. I love having controls on the steering wheel at my finger tips.

Bi-Xenon headlights, dual zone climate control, headlight washers, multifunction computer display, 4- doors, DSG, 2.0T FSI engine, 18" huffs, the hatch practicality, rear seat heat vents, heated seats.

The iPod adapter, one touch power windows, 4 doors, roominess.

Power; handling; interior quality and features, including Sirius radio and seat heaters; practicality; nice shifting 6 speed, looks.

2.0T engine, DSG transmission, hatchback, Xenon headlights with washers.

I love the feel of the leather seats the response of the handling when I take sharp turns & the hum of the engine. The GTI is much better to ride in w/ the windows down & the sunroof open. The convenience of the drop down back seat makes packing even the larger objects a simple task. 

Fun-to-drive quotient.

Xenon headlights, 18" rims, steering wheel, iPod adapter, leather bolstered sport seats, 4 door versatility, gutsy engine with hardly any turbo lag, smooth 6 speed shifter.

Acceleration, stereo is very good with a ton of bass, Sirius radio, lumbar seats, Xenon lights, signal lights on side mirrors, sunroof, heated seats, red cabin lights at night.

The interior old school plaid seats are awesome. They really look good as opposed to the leather. The in dash lights are also really cool to stare at. The overall look of the car is simply stunning.

This is the only automatic transmission I'd ever buy. The best of all worlds. Throaty growl gets me going when I put my foot into it. Handles well, brakes are excellent. Safety features are first rate. Use Launch control with caution. Otherwise, you won't keep your license for long.

DSG transmission, sunroof, if the front wipers are on and you put the car in reverse the rear wiper will wipe once for easier view. Standard SAT radio, 6 disk CD changer that's in the dash and not in the glovebox or cargo area.

Overall performance, practical features, gas mileage, fit and finish.

6 speed manual, seats, standard features, fun to drive, bang for the buck!

The torque and neutral handling are definitely at the top of the list. I also love the plaid seats (I had to get the plaid).

Torque! The overall driving experience is too much to describe. I also like it when other GTI drivers honk and wave. 

Turbo, handling, styling.

Transmission; steering wheel; sirius radio; leather interior.

I love the seats, comfortable and supportive.

Seats, adjustable steering wheel, the engine and DSG gearbox. The satellite radio is very cool, great sound. Great ergonomics.

DSG transmission, launch control, bi-Xenons, navigation.

Leather seating is very comfortable. For every day driveability the name of the game is torque, and this car has it. Great turning radius. All of a sudden, at 13,000 miles, gas mileage is above 30 on highway. 

Multi-position sunroof, hatchback versatility, excellent acceleration and maneuverability, nice stereo.

Heated side mirrors. HID headlights. Headlight washers. Turbo with basically no lag. Integrated side mirror turn signals. 6-disc cd changer. Steering wheel audio controls. Heads up display in between the tach and speedometer. Auto up/down windows for both driver/pass. Oh yeah, all this is standard.

Sirius radio, steering wheel mounted computer and radio controls, mute button for radio, DSG, paddle shift, growl of exhaust, T U R B O, the look on the faces of Mustang boys when a Vee Dub hatch flies past em.

Turbo power and DSG. Leather pkg and dual heating and air controls for both passengers. 18" wheels were worth it!

The power and agility of this car are explosive. The interior is stocked with amazing extras, a large glovebox, driver side storage, sunglass holder, and a wicked trip computer with compass. My sore back adores the standard heated seats and the retro GTI plaid is a wonderful touch. I love this car.

DSG transmission with option for fully automatic, automatic with sport mode or manual control with paddle shifters. Get good gas mileage while allowing rapid acceleration when needed. Multifunction display between gauges with steering wheel controls for radio and MFD keep your eyes on the road. 

DSG, turbo, supportive front seats, grip when cornering, maneuverability in parking lots. Formula 1 steering wheel with paddle shifts is real cool. 

Sporty ride - sport mode is heaven. Red accents, drive feel, amazing engine and power, styling, the leather seats are very good grip. Also, the cup holders are perfect size even in America! Great stereo system. OH! The latch to open the hatch is so cool! It is the VW badge that flips up! Love!

I love the Orange color. The DSG trans. The tons of power on tap. Really comfortable seats. Really fun car to drive.

DSG, plaid seats (interlagos), engine(!), and the sound of the car.

The engine is phenomenal. With torque coming on at 1800 rpms you never feel like you're out of boost.

Engine and trans.

Amazing to drive, with a sleeper body that does not stand out. Very fast and quick, great handling. The optional 18" Hufs are beautiful wheels. 

When running well it is very smooth. It has a good sound system and all of the buttons are intuitive. 

The absence of torque steer that ruins most powerful FWD cars, the Audi looks with the high quality interior, and the red stripe on the front with the red brake calipers behind the 18' wheels. I also like the simple but functional dash. The FSI paired with the turbo also seems to be perfect.

My favorite features are the 200hp engine, the decent gas mileage, the 6 speed auto trans mission with shifting paddles on the steering wheel, and the speed / handling of this little beauty. 

I love the plaid seats, DSG transmission, Sirius satellite radio, 6 disc in-dash CD player, and iPod jack. This car has a quality interior and it is far more stylish than Japanese models.

The power and responsiveness. The hatchback is very handy. I appreciate the built-in compass and trip computer features. It gets respectable gas mileage for a performance car. I got 29 mpg on two long road trips driving 80-85 mph.

The speed sensing wipers, reverse gear activated wiper, super engine response (non-chipped), ergonomics and comfort, and safety features abound!

The bi-xenon headlights, iPod jack, glove compartment cooler, red brake calipers, indirect vent, plaid seats, and four doors!

Everything, but most of all the fast, smooth feel.

The DGS transmission, I just cant stop playing with it! fast gear changes! It is awesome!

Everything

The Sport setting on the shift is great for off-the-line launching, but the most rockin' feature has to be the DSG paddles on the wheel. Tap up and 8 milliseconds later, you're in the next gear. It makes a stick shift seem weak.

The power and sport tuned suspension.

The 2.0T engine is very nice. It has lots of low-end torque and a flexible power band. The DSG transmission is amazing - this coming from a traditional manual transmission driver. The suspension is a good mix of sport and comfort, this car doesn't crash over bumps. The seats are very supportive, yet comfortable.

The DSG transmission.

The DSG transmission, interior quality, performance, in and out of car lighting (gauges and headlights).

The power!

The DSG transmission, 2.0T motor, suspension, exhaust note, and excellent interior fit and finish.

The DSG transmission, power, and excellent storage in the rear.

The never ending torque at 2,000-6,000 rpms. Great handling.

The Turbo with automatic transmission, satellite radio, and 17" rims.

The car is sweet. I like the smooth engine, and the manual is also much smoother than the previous models. The Interior is fantastic and comfortable, I love the plaid cloth seats! This car just begs to be driven, I have over 3,000 miles and have only owned it a month! The 4 door version looks sweet and is practical.

The engine and 6-speed manual transmission are a true pleasure. The flat torque curve allows power to kick in early. The leather seats are comfortable with the lumbar support. The hatch offers the ability to carry large items for such a small car. The handling and breaking are excellent.

