

Awd is fun to drive in the snow.

Comfortable ride, AWD excellent and easy to drive.

Increased power and better gas mileage, more relax during long trips by using cruise control.

Headroom, doors that open wide. Nice ride. ease of parking

Engineering genius, design, ample space, headroom, simple but everything you need...you have!!!

AWD, pretty good gas mileage, very unique.

AWD traction; 6 disc - 9 speaker stereo with steering wheel controls; excellent seating position; plenty of easily accessible storage space.

Sound system. Big greenhouse, super reliability! Keyless entry. Driving stability. 25mph crosswinds do affect it, but are mostly an irritant.

Inexpensive AWD. Very roomy for the size. Decent fuel economy. Fit and finish 

Stocky unique design. Affordable AWD. Safety features like electronic stability control makes you feel like a super hero around turns. Comfortable and non-confining interior. High head room gives it surprisingly adequate cargo space. Fun to drive and is a real conversation piece no matter where you go

Handling! Hugs the road, stable, heavy feel. Don't feel like you will blow away if a semi passes you. Great stopping system! AWD handles great. Cool interior look. Fast acceleration!

I love the body style and the amount of room inside. If you put the back seat down you can even fit a full sized bike in there. Good stereo system. The AWD is a great feature.

Automatic climate control, AWD, electronic stability control, PassKey keyless ignition

Style, reliability

Lots of gadgets for the price under $18K. I had a sunroof installed but do it at that time you buy it, considered cheaper. 3 year full warranty bumper to bumper 100% coverage, and 7 years powertrain warranty are big plus benefits.

AWD.

The pass-key system is fantastic! Get it! Funny, too, it's the option that I cared least about having at purchase time. The audio system is bright and dynamic in addition to having some punch, but the best sounds come from the SX4's 16V DOHC engine when taking full advantage of its power band.

Lots of gadgets for the price. 

The blue color is the one to have, I had the dealer put in the racing decals on the side and the vehicle has become an attention getter. Met the salesman that sold it to me and said that he had a lot of customers buying them with the side letters after I bought mine.

Very comfortable interior. The sport model comes with a great stereo system and keyless-go is a lot of fun now that I'm used to it. I can't say enough about the way this car handles in the snow.

The options: like cruise control, climate control, 6 disc cd with subwoofer, steering wheel controls. The safety features included are great too: plenty of airbags, low tire pressure monitor, stability control, etc.

FUN to drive, great handling!!

Nice design, AWD, steering mounted radio controls. In dash cd changer. 

Good visibility due to seat height; fun to drive with impressive handling. Minimum road noise in cabin. 

AWD and folding rear seats.

Plenty of interior room for large sized driver.

Surprisingly low road noise, great ergonomics design, love the climate controls, seating is supportive and position essentially great (except for no height adjustment). Easy to change oil/filter. Hooked on the truly keyless entry. Cruise controls are hard to get right at night; they need backlights.

Build quality is excellent, as is the handling. Nice firm ride that feels more like a European car than a Japanese car. All five doors close with a distinctly solid thunk. The rear cargo area is not as flexible or as large as that on the Toyota Matrix but the SX4's rear seats are very easy to fold.

This is one of the best looking cars on the market. I like the automatic climate control feature and steering wheel mounted audio controls. The view over the left shoulder to confirm absence of traffic is very good. The MPG/range/counter is nice. I also like the two ranges (12) AM station pre-sets.

AWD, ESP, 4 wheel disc brakes, trunk, auto climate control, 9 speaker stereo, seat comfort, airbags.

Standard safety features and AWD!!!

AWD, AC, power windows.

The AWD, of course, but also the foglights, the keyless entry, the sound system. I put in a sunroof (should become an option, I hear) and took the leather upholstery - pimped my ride, and I'm glad I did. Very happy with it.

Keyless entry: driving other vehicles seems weird having to insert key. Instant mpg teaches you how to drive green. AWD. Manual trans for this car seems best fit. Stereo reasonably good. Mileage decent when somewhat careful with driving style. Handling is fun. Parking is great.

Appearance, AWD, interior size, comfortable interior (again it does not cost $30,000), features you get for price, good handling, versatility (both a car and small SUV), decent gas mileage, just fun to drive.

The red color and red led dash lights. The people look at it in the parking lot.

Styling, AWD, ESP, 4 wheel disc brakes, auto climate control, 9 speaker stereo, seat comfort, airbags, keyless ignition and entry, roomy interior.

AWD, hatch.

I actually still get excited every time I drive it. It handles really well on the freeway. The traction was great driving on snow.

I love the AWD with an option to lock in the 4X4. I don't think there is anything out there like it! Styling is great on this... it is almost like a Suzuki Mini Cooper!

AWD, ESP, the sportiness of the vehicle with MT transmission. It's great to drive around on mt. roads.

The look, the stereo, the ride, the drive, the awesome safety features, etc!! 

Great head/leg/storage room and it's peppy, get-up-and-go power. Outstanding safety w/all the airbags! It's cute & sexy but far from gutless, plenty of power. Controls are easy to reach and function. Love the "auto" heat/air and cruise control. Mine came loaded w/all the options - love them all!

High seating, all wheel drive, cargo space, long warranty.

AWD with ESP. Steering wheel controls for radio and cruise control. Automatic climate control. This car has everything my 2007 $43,000 Super Crew has but at less than half the cost.

Different style, solid construction, smooth ride, practicality. 

The look and feel. The standard 16 inch wheels. Also it went through the snow like it was nothing!

I love the size, it's small outside but roomy inside.

The AWD with manual controls, on board MPG and mileage computer, and how it has a very long wheelbase for such a compact car.

The small size, plus the fact that it has four doors. 



The traction and comfort.

The power windows, power mirrors, power doors, CD/MP3, remote door locks all, all standard. Also, this vehicle is VERY spacious on the inside despite its appearance from the outside. It is easy to operate the all-wheel drive system. 

The design, AWD, and keyless entry.

The keyless entry is a convenience I did not realize I would want forever. The AWD makes for good driving, but also gets me up sloped driveway. Its height makes ATMs, etc more accessible. The stability system and air bag system makes sense for my upcoming teen driver. I like the 6 disc in dash CD player. Its price point is good for this blend of features.

The AWD, keyless entry/start, climate control, and great sounding stereo with a subwoofer. This vehicle looks great and drives better.

The size, fun, and how it enabled me to leave my traction and parking worries behind! Everyone is taken back by it's looks, but after a drive tey say that it is a whole new way to look at transportation. I got the vivid blue and the dealer offered an aftermarket power sunroof that looks and acts like it was factory installed.

It has a Mini Cooper looks with four doors and the capability of either AWD or two wheel drive at the flick of a switch. On the ice it's as sure footed as a mountain goat.

The AWD, traction and stability control, good gas mileage, 4 wheel disc antilock brakes. and how the sound system shakes the Earth.

I like the basic features this car offers especially the alloy wheels, 4 wheel disc brakes, AWD, power windows and door locks, cover for trunk space, rear wiper, tire monitor, radio/CD player, floor mats and a dash that lights up red at night. 

I like the good headroom, straight-forward dash layout, 4 wheel drive, and roominess. This car is practical and fun to drive (with stick).

The European design and roomy interior. The pickup and horsepower are an added plus. It is also so adorable, I love it!

AWD, 6 CD changer, heated mirrors, keyless entry/start, cruise, ABS, traction control, can be put in 2WD or two modes of AWD, display on dash with clock/temperature/gas mileage. It is such fun to drive and looks great!



The 2WD, AWD, and AWD locked options, the styling; tight construction, and the extras that are not on other cars in its class. It is fun to drive!

It's a smaller car with lots of features of a larger car with the benefit of good gas mileage. It feels like you're driving something larger. I love the comfortable interior, high ground clearance, All Wheel Drive, low price, and long factory warranty. This is just a cool zippy car! 

The roomy interior, great color choices, nice radio and easy to operate features. The large windshield makes it easy to see other obstacles.

AWD for under $16,000 and the quiet ride.

The unique front windows, gas mileage tracker, good sound system, and 2WD/AWD switch for better fuel economy.

The SX4 has a good design inside and out. It has great use of space. The seats are comfortable with plenty of adjustment. It has lots of head room gives the feeling of a much bigger vehicle. The interior feels very roomy.

I like how it has a timing chain, not a belt, the back seat space and comfort. Four full sized adults and a child's booster share the back seat comfortably. It has clear dials and lights for practically everything in the entire car. The standard safety features on this car (airbags, crumple zones) are another wonderful feature.

The looks and practicality.

This is the widest small car around and the cheapest, most economical one with AWD. It is really is a blast to drive hard and has a good comfort level. It has the best quality level of any Suzuki we have owned and in fact, we can't find even one defect.

The quality, craftsmanship, design, all the extras included, safety, warranty, performance and handling, It is Japanese manufactured with Fiat designing help.

The tight, agile, responsive steering and great suspension along with AWD makes car feel superior and safe. The small wheebase gives it a good turning radius. It has ABS brakes in the front and back. It has a good CD/MP3/WMA player. The split 60/40 seats are great along with roominess and great head clearance makes for a comfy interior.

The overall looks the blue and red colors are the sporty ones. The seating is great and the engine is most powerful, in addition to getting great mileage.

The comfortable seats, luminating console lights, and the AWD.

The airy feeling in the cabin, the standard features including trip computer, great automatic transmission, and superb 4WD system. I also like the nicely designed interior and great looking exterior.

The driver's seat is very comfortable. I like the ABS, AWD, and airbags.

I like that the SX4 has a timing chain rather than belt, has direct ignition rather than plug wires, and is subframe rather than unibody. The fact that it has a continuous MPG readout on dash, has selective all-wheel drive modes is great. I like the 16" Wheels. The SX has excellent aceleration for a 2.0L engine. It also has low engine noise and quiet ride. I like the hatch storage for two large suitcases.

