stow-in-go seating, trip computer, hauling capacity and long distance comfort.

Power doors, 7 seats and stow and go.



Interior room for hauling/camping. Exterior style. Comfortable and fun to drive for a van.

DVD player. Stow n go

Stow-and-go seating is massive for us. The van is very drivable over long distances. Rear A/C is very nice and powerful.

Stow and go seating, power lift gate, remote start, storage. Radio and HVAC controls convenient for me. 

Stow and Go seating. HUGE cargo space. Towing ability. We race motorcycles offroad and downhill ski and this IS the best vehicle for the task.

none

stow and go, elec side doors .

stow 'n go seats, Sirius satellite radio, all the gadgets.

It has been reliable. Gas mileage is reasonable for a vehicle this size, especially if you go easy on the throttle. Excels at carrying people and stuff.

The fuel rating would have to be one of the better features to the van. 

Automatic sliding side doors, very comfortable driver and Stow n Go seats, radio controls on steering wheel, stereo system with Sirius and overhead console, very good visibility (no apparent blind spots).

Foldaway seats. Purchased liner for 3rd row seat storage area. 

Power liftgate, power sliding doors

Back-up sensors so my wife does not hit anything, and the stow-n-go seats.

None

Stow-n-go is second to none. It is really easy to use, and with numerous options for any size load. When the seats are up you get two huge storage bins below. The removable center console has a holder for a cell phone, pen, tissues. It also has a storage compartment with a light. Very handy!

Radio controls on the steering wheel, stow and go

Radio controls on the steering wheel. Stow and Go. Overall space, and controls on the key

Stow and go for 2nd and 3rd row seats-- since I'd be the one to remove them-- they just disappear!

6 disk DVD system. I have 3 kids between the ages of 7 and 11. This makes driving much quieter! I also like the power doors and hatch, integrating the remote into the key is also a nice improvement over the old key fobs.

Free year of Sirius radio, spacious interior, seating options (ability for tail gating or picnics, awesome!), surprisingly smooth ride, tight turning radius. 

Stow and go. Vision all around, no blind spots. Engine power, steering, and ride. Good mileage

Love the feel for such a big vehicle.

Stow and go is a brilliant interior design, and believe it or not, the front windshield view is so clear and wide I feel like I'm looking out some huge picture window.

Stow away seats. Versatility. 

Electric side door, So the kids dont have to slam the door while parked on an incline.

Dodge Caravan

