None

Storage capacity. Fuel economy. Interior quality.

The MPG is fantastic, but I mostly love the maneuverablity, handling, and ability to park just about anywhere.



Utility. I once put in a 4 feet plant in it at upright position, which amazed people around me.

The seat storage versatility, flat floor, and large rear door, and don't forget the MPG. 

Gas mileage, easy to parallel park. 

magic seat, fuel econ, easy to park

Gas mileage, fold flat seats, Ipod jack.

gas mileage, ipod jack

The magic seats are fantastic, other car company's should be taking notes. The dash has great lay out with easy to use functions. 

MP3/WMA feature on the stereo, auxiliary jack for MP3 players, cup holders on the doors, flat-folding seats (which sold me on it over similar models like the Matrix), bright colorful dashboard lights, quiet, comfy, roomy, love the color. 

MPG - hands down. My search criteria during the shopping process was a minimum of 30 MPG. And as we were downsizing from a VW Eurovan the car had to manage cargo well. This Fit certainly does that!

Interior space, magic seats, controls, fit and finish. The automatic works great and the car responds just fine.

Safety (airbags plenty), ABS, interior, driving dynamics, versatile seat arrangements, gas mileage, dashboard indicators (oil consumption/level).

Versatile interior.

The color, I got the Metalic Blue AWESOME color, the 'Magic Seating' is pretty nice being able to haul bigger items... Which is probably what makes the seats so uncomfortable if one sits over an hour on them.

Tons of room inside. Spirited chassis. Smooth and revy engine. Good brakes. Great shifter. great interior and exterior design.

I love the layout of the interior. Everything is logical and within reach. Gauges look really cool a night! Great headlights. I live in the country and didn't have to use my highbeams. Seats are actually very comfortable. I am 5'10 and 215 pounds and I had plenty of room. Really great car! 

Ride is what you would expect for a small car but the seats are very comfortable. The interior design is very attractive and the seats fold a number of ways so that the interior space can be used to suit your needs. The car is attractive. Safety features are excellent and just come on the car.

The seats. The stereo. The engine. The manual transmission.

Good pick-up on flat terrain. Great cargo capacity. Reliability, pricing, and safety crash ratings sold me! Spacious cabin. Interior lighting is neat. Decent sound system. Storm silver- good color. Seats higher off ground - easier access. Handy wide door swing too 

Roominess, fuel economy, price, the styling, and fun to drive.

It has amazing cargo room and multiple seating and cargo configurations. We seated 3 people with 3 road bikes (two on a roof rack and one in the cargo area with 60-split back seat down). We also like the windshield wipers. Of course the gas mileage is great, even better than EPA highway ratings!

The front seats lay down flat to make a giant couch.

Sporty handling, nice stereo.

Folding seats, safety features, radio/cd.

Fuel economy and interior layout / versatility.

Performance, fun handling, good on gas, tons of room, compact to handle unique traffic situations.

MP3, magic seats, space, mpg, side air bags.

Roomy interior, headroom. Cargo space. Sound system, air conditioning, price, safety ratings, Honda reliability. Alarm, keyless entry. Very sensible car for any age group. Lots of zip, good handling around corners. Neat instrument panel lighting. Feel like a smart cookie owning this car!

Roomy on the inside, magic seats are nice (although my dog prefers the traditional configuration).

Fun to drive. Great driver sight lines. Very good radio with iPod input. Hopefully the same Honda reliability as our other Honda cars.

Magic seats, mpg, aux. input jack, handling, safety features.

Auxiliary connection, storage options, interior looks really good. Safety features a definite plus.

The car is very responsive and hold the road well. It has much more of a sports feel to it than I had expected. I also love the luggage space and the ease of fitting in large cumbersome objects. Even with the five passangers there is still a lot of luggage room and the fuel economy stays good.

Folding seats, handling, audio system, mileage. Looks.

Performance, fuel economy, style (esp. headlights and tailights), hatchback with folding seats, standard safety features: side & curtain air bags, ABS.

Interior space, handling, stereo, safety features

Interior design - amazing use of space, comfortable, cool dashboard, and comfortable. Also, love the way it handles - totally hugs the road and is very zippy.

Fun to drive and great mileage. The rear folding seats make amazing space. The engine has a nice power band. Quiet ride is nice.

Comfort and the mileage.

Interior room, gauge cluster and look of the headlights.

Hatchback design, safety, mileage, little touches.

Gas mileage, road holding and versatility. A lot of interior room.

I love how the back folds down completely flat. Anyone who has an affinity for the beauty of hatchbacks will appreciate how well laid out this car is!

Gas mileage and safety features

Style. The innovative head lights are unique and the space in it was well engineered, in making the best of it. It is a great car for the money. It has no problem achieving the revised EPA ratings. I just love the idea that I can drive as far the big SUV, next to me in traffic, on about 1/3 the gas.

Fuel economy - innovative use of space - nice engine compartment - lots of features in the base model - nice visibility - peppy engine - great steering - great tachometer - nice looking interior - lots of luggage space - good headlights - brakes seem fine - I love the red, white and blue instruments.

The CD player, nice head room, visibility, cuteness factor of the exterior, roominess of the cargo area, happiness at the gas pump when in Oregon fuel is $3.44 a gallon (and I'm getting 40-42 mpg hwy!), how I feel safe with all of the air bags, and just generally fun to drive.

Gas mileage and can transform into several layouts for the back seat.

Magic seats! Comfortable for a 6 foot 5 guy! Clean look inside. Black interior on sport is really nice. Great fuel economy. Enough power. Smart interior design (with cup holders, trays, etc).

Love the look of the car and gas mileage. Fun to drive.

Gas mileage is terrific. Responsive acceleration and steering, plus corners great. I feel like I am driving a sports car. Open window plan, and roomy cabin. Magic seats have already come in handy. I do really enjoy this car, inspite of the few flaws I see. 

Gas mileage is great!

Great steering feel and cornering. Quiet and tight body structure. Great ride on rough pavement, firm, not harsh. Great space inside. Paddle shifter idea is great for putting the car in the right gear to pull through a corner, then it goes back into auto mode...terrific!

Zippy for 109hp, very well tuned suspension. Excellent use of space. Fit and finish is top notch. Mileage has averaged 36 with mostly 65-68 mph freeway driving. For a short wheelbase, the Fit is confident on the freeway.

Steering is very responsive, less turn required at the wheel compared to most other cars. Controls are well laid out. Other than carpet, interior finish is quite nice. Magic seats are handy. 

Paddle shifters, stereo system, comfort, interior and exterior design, cargo room, passenger room, gas mileage. Basically I love everything about the car

What's my "favorite" feature? The overall package on this car is so good it's hard to pick a "favorite". Honda certainly did their home work. 

Really fun to drive. Handles very nicely. Good all around visibility. Great versatility for carrying things.

Versatility, sticks to the road well during questionable conditions, handling.

Responsive throttle and steering. Interior volume. "Magic seats" 

Gas mileage, handling, contols, ride, rear wiper, stereo, paddles, interior design, safety features, design.

Big headlights.

Magic seats, safety rating, cargo space, stereo, low emissions, good mileage, reliability, stability.

Its well designed use of space 

I can hook up my mp3 player, the space. Very spacious car.

Everything. Haven't found any of the features to be lacking.

Incredibly flexible interior - I've had 4 people + many xmas presents on a 3+ hour drive, and we were all very comfortable. Also, the handling is stellar for a car in this class - none of its competitors comes close here.

Well designed interior. Very roomy inside. Innovative features.

Price, Performance is like a sports car, Paddle shifters and cargo space.

gas milage and good responce from a very small engine. fit and finish proves it is a honda

Categorized in subcompat, yet it gives you more room than all compacts. Great cargo capability. It can haul my 21" tive together with a washer!

I carry a briefcase, laptop, etc and the fold up back seat holds it securely. When I carry relatives from the airport the hatch and the half seat folded up allows me to carry several mammoth suitcases. When I travel with friends with small children the hatch holds a large stroller

Suspension. Beautiful, Amazing Suspension. Cargo Room. Dashboard, which is totally cool and modern (all my friends are jealous). Body panels that are seemingly dent resistant (believe me, i know). 

Access via the hatch to carry large cargo

Magic Seats, MPG ($$ difference between Fit and Prius buys a lot of gas), stereo, paddle shifters and standard f/r side curtain airbags. Great quality built into such an inexpensive vehicle. Fantastic handling w/ very little body roll, great steering and very good brakes. Better than the rest. 

I like the handling and performance. My wife likes the roominess and gas mileage.

Handling, appearance, gas mileage and carrying capacity.

Fun and easy to drive!

clutch/stick shift is smooth as butter 

Flexibility of seat configurations, highway mileage, radio, 5-speed auto w/ paddle shifters, exterior appearance, high seating position and airy feeling in front, maintenance minder, cruise availability



I like the hatch back layout. car is going to be alot more fun in the summer

I like the whole car in general.

I really appreciate the looks of the interior and exterior of the car. I like the way the dashboard has been laid out, and I especially love the color of my car, this vivid blue pearl. I also like the design--the 4 doors and the hatchback trunk and the "magic seats" are very handy. 

If you get the "sport" edition like I did you will love the paddle shifters on the steering wheel!! Its like your driving an indy car. I also like the hatch-back design with how the back seats fold down and you can put a lot of thins in the back.



-handling -5 speed manual transmission -throttle -build quality -driver comfort

What a deal for $15700. The dash is bright and easy to read. The stereo is great. Handling is like a sports car. Seating is such that you don't crawl out of it. Nice for ladies and older folks. Headlights/driving lights are great out in the country.

Maneuverability, gas mileage, safety features and seat configuration.

The space and ease of access to the space. The car is so quiet that sometimes I wonder if it is still running. Oh yes getting over 40 mpg on regular fuel is also ver nice.

Good mileage. Good performance and handling. Comfortable seats. Amazing cargo capacity. Quality workmanship

I love the gas mileage I get. I love when it costs me less than $20 to fill up!

Cargo space..it's nice to be able to purchase large items and be able to transport them home myself. Parking in narrower spaces and not having door dings from other cars is also a plus.

Handling.Transmision.Sound system. Fold down seats.

Back windshield wipers. Something I always wanted. Also the cargo area is very roomy. Lots of room for the driver's knees. Because I am short the old car's steering column was right at my knees. This car allows plenty of space.

Comfortable seats, great dash, quality audio system.

Reliability and gas mileage.

The inside is really cool, sleek, and sporty!

Audio system is great. Nice to be able to plug in an iPod or play my CDs.

ilove the roomy back seat

Great Gas Milage Awesome Utility Great Handling

CVT, key-less entry, alloy wheels, cargo capacity. I am in Xiamen, China. The model I have is a little different from US ones. It's got CVT and a moon roof. 

The rear seats fold completely flush with the cargo area so you have a large uninterrupted cargo area.

Feels like a sports car.

Interior room, fuel economy, fun to drive and build quality.

Stereo System, Fuel Economy, Storage Space. Best looking compact out there!

MPG, MP3, interior space, flat storage when folding down rear seats.

Plenty of room; adaptability of interior for various uses; plenty of airbags. No mechanical repairs yet and I have over 30000 mi. Time for scheduled maintenance though.

Color and handling are terrific.

Easy to drive, park and handles very good. GREAT mpg.

Flip up seats, stereo system, all the cup holders and the pen holder.

fuel mileage

Fun to drive. Easy to parallel park. Very spacious inside. Comfortable seats. Love the color!

As before, there's no one feature that really stands out. The whole package is excellent.

Fuel economy, fun to drive factor, interior room, overall vehicle quality

Cargo space, folding rear seats.

The optional cargo mat and all-weather floor mats are awesome if you live in muddy/snowy places. The paddle shifters are great for engine braking. The AUX in jack lets me hook up my music player. The placement of the tweeters high on the door (where you can hear them) is perfect.

Utility, Appearance, Performance. For the price, you really can't beat it!

Cargo capacity

Handles very well. A finely engineered machine, well constructed. Carefully thought out inside & out. Economical. Comfortable. Good heating, vent, AC system. Cute!

Automatic transmission is very fast and very responsive. Smooth shifts, no hunting for gears. Like the antilock brakes and six airbags. 

Versatility of interior space, typical Honda quality construction/reliability, excellent visibility from drivers seat 200 watt stereo has excellent sound quality. Clear gages/dash controls



Fuel economy and cargo space. It's like a truck!

The paddle shifters are great for passing. I average 36 MPG in mixed driving :)

seat configuration versatility, sensitivity of brakes, steering, and acceleration, dashboard set-up, sense of safety and reliability security, fun driving factor

Sporty handling, roomyness, standard A/C, ABS, Airbags power locks/windows etc.. Good factory stereo w/Ipod. Low maint reputation with Honda.

Cargo space, fuel economy, zippiness of the 1.5 engine.

Great radio excellent air conditioning

Handling, paddle shifters, space utilization, aux input, and overall quality. Car has zero rattles. 

Paddle shifters, VTEC engine, magic seats, upgraded stereo, sleek styling.

It's a Honda

Sporty feel, roomy interior, great stereo with mp3 jack, hatchback, looks like it's smiling at me.

EU-IV emission, mileage, van-like seating position, moon-roof

Interior Space. Versatility. Full featured. Funt to Drive. MPG.

Very fast! Great big windows. Wonderful sound. Comfortable. SPACIOUS. Beautiful car. 34 mpg on last tank.

mpg's grocery hauler

Adjustable seating and use of space. Have been able to haul a variety of stuff without any issues (other than over-wheighting the suspension system - be careful!).

The radio play my home-grown MP3s. And there's room for my two kids to keep apart on a trip.

The ride, fuel economy & Cargo space. The Paddle Shifters are a riot. The car feels way more powerful than 109 hp

The room and stereo!

Manual transmission

Interior fit and finish and material quality, robust/ spirited handling, magic seats, Audio system, mirrors offer outstanding visibility, alloy wheels (easy to clean), fog lights, maintenance minder, white on blue instrumentation (glows at night). Six air bags, ABS, ***** Crash Rating. MT a kick! 

Cute style, everything included, great audio, good gas mileage and great pickup.

Short throw on the gearshift is awesome. Virtually no blind spot when driving. I avg 37-39mpg on hwy going 75-80!

Interior fit, finish and functionality

Magic seats, acceleration, interior materials, ipod adapter

The model we bought is the sport, and I think that's the perfect description for it. It's very zippy....

The pickup was great and I was able to navigate the highway with no problems. Handling.Seating positions, very functional.The Sport model offers great features and I got the dealer installed Ipod Music Link (it's awesome!)Stereo sounds great. A great bang for the buck! Test drive one and see.

love the entire car can't pick a favorite part.

Small outside size and large inside room.

car style

CARGO ROOM- There is a reason they call them "Magic Seats". I love my keyless entry (which I had added to the car) and the rear window windshield wiper. I also love how deceivingly roomy it is on the inside!

I like the idea of the sports model because of the flappers that allow you to downshift and speed up.

Great displays (except for the radio/ clock), love the gas mileage (getting just under 30 city, but about 40 highway), and I love the space! It's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside.

Gas mileage. Roomy and well engineered interior. Handles well. Safety features. Sound system.

Very cool instrumentation display. Great sounding stereo w/MP3. Large cargo are with fold flat seats. Good visibility and reasonably quiet at high speeds.

Exceptional all around fun-to-drive factor, MPG, Swiss-Army-knife-like use of space, styling, interior design and accessories, comfort, size...

Usable space and quality of interior for price and of course mileage.

Rear seats that fold both up and down. Very cool.

Sound system, airbags, floormats come standard. 

The paddle shifters and the way the back seats fold up for taller items. A+

- magic seats - standard features (6 airbags, fog lights, ABS, etc) - handling - fuel economy!

Quick steering, peppiness off the line, maintenance minder that tells you when to change oil(and more), versatility of the seating, logical control placement, paddle shifters, Honda reliability.

Manual gets great pickup, zip and mpg! Styling is minimal, but it "fits," so to speak. Interior is HUGE for its exterior size (can't say that about a Yaris). I have two Australian Shepherds and the flat fold-down seats are INCREDIBLE! You can "fit" 2 full- size dog beds in the back.

The way the seats fold flat, giving it incredible cargo room for such a small car. Also fuel economy is exceptional. The AC has done great job keeping me cool in the Oklahoma heat wave where I have been driving in 100+ degrees almost every day for past month.

AUX input for MP3 player, 5 speed transmission, excellent sounding 200 watt stereo, comfortable seats, good handling, good motor for what it is.

So many seat configuations. So much room for all occupants, the looks I get!

Sport shifting with paddles behind the steering wheel. And of course the magic seats are amazing!

I really like the sound system, the versatility of cargo space, the roomy interior, the "fun to drive" factor, and the unique look of the car, both inside and out. The gas mileage, while not as good as expected, is still pretty good, especially on long highway trips (that's when she's at her best).

Interior and exterior, dash and radio the wheels and tail lights. Acceleration from 1st and 2nd with the 5 speed auto.

Paddle shifters. Handling is outstanding! 

Nice internal design.

The iPod hookup, sport shifting paddles, shocking roomy interior and versatility of the folding up and down seats. Also the Fit has great visibility thanks to the headlights and huge windshield! 

The hatch back. Very roomy.



That would have to be the dash lights. I love the background dash lighting, all Blue. I also love having my aux. jack for my MP3 player. It makes listening to my favorite tunes easy while I'm driving.

A small vehicle with lots of space. I can wear a hat and my head does not hit the ceiling. Great leg room both in the front and back seat. Seats are very comfortable and "fit" your body. Great on gas and gives a very smooth ride. AC and heating system is immediate - no waiting. Interior is great.

We have room to tote the stand up Bass and stool!, Magic Seats are the BOMB! way too cool! Plenty of leg room in back seats even for a tall person!



Handling, interior, versatility, magic seat, mpg, Honda quality

Miles per gallon. Looks, style and sportiness. I have the paddle shifters (Brings out the kid in me). 

Interior versatility

Gas mileage and roomy interior

Size, size. I live in the city and it's nice to have a small car here. But inside it's huge! I am an artist and have put 42" by 60" pieces in the back. Handles well,too. Design is very European, and very classy. 

Interior design, handling, gas mileage.

The peppiness of first gear is great. The Fit will dart across an intersection with no effort. The first gear of the 5spd automatic is extremely low and hits it's power range quickly. If you are wanting fuel economy, why even bother shifting? The automatic gets better mpg anyway. 

The power steering is tight, responsive and very easy. Nothing sloppy in the way this car drives or in the way it handles the road. The car sits up a bit higher than many small cars - easy to get in and out. Space for just about anything is ample. Our 6'5" son sits comfortably front or back.

Dash design, sporty feel, ability to park in the smallest of spots and to navigate easily around cars making a left hand turn, storage features, great sound system, and the feeling that I'm sitting in a much bigger car.

The folding seats to get you the high cubic-foot of storage space and I love how the Fit Sport that I bought has come fully loaded.

Interior flexibility and lots of space for cargo.

Fold-down seats, peppy/gas-sipping engine and sweet feel/suspension/turning radius.

Great gas mileage. I get between 36 and 40 mpg. mostly freeway driving. I also like the aux jack for the stereo.

I love the color (Lunar Mist), the headlight design, and the way the interior is organized and the way it rides. It's so smooth and quiet!! I can't hear it running when I'm sitting idle... It's simply beautiful!!

Handling, well-built, interior space, fun to drive. Everything is well thought out.

Safety features, riding and driving comfort, smooth shifting solid steering while driving, high MPG, easy to read and use controls, flexibility for storage, GREAT CUP HOLDERS! Nice use of interior space, comfy seats, more than ample headroom, decent visibility from all sides.

Interior passenger and cargo room; fun to drive; solid feel; fuel economy; well thought out design

The amount of room inside and the hatch back. I was going from an SUV to the fit and it was much less painful than I thought it would be, due to the amount of room and versatility of this car

MP3 jack, MANY nice standard features, fuel economy and it's just plain comfortable. The price is great too!!

Excellent handling. Interior spaciousness and accessibility of controls.





The interior space and seat modifications.

Paddle Shifters, variable stereo control, radio eq, guages, and room.

Stylish interior, great textured plastics, wonderful handling, paddle shift automatic that has five gears, great fuel economy (avg. 37 mpg with semi aggressive driving aka 85mph on the interstate), great seats, gauges from an acura, good radio.

Pep, roomy, economy.

Small size with lots of interior room. Easy folding down seats. Looks and feels nice inside, and fun to drive. Decent gas mileage.

Gas mileage is good but not great

Love the: --color (but beware, the storm silver is hard to get, and you will have to pre-order with a deposit. I suggest calling all area dealerships before driving around.) --the Magic seats! So many possibilities. I used to work for a furniture store, and after SUVS, a hatchback is the best. 

Very good use of interior space. Excellent ergonomics. Safety features. Handling and braking. It's a Honda...

Tight turning, easy parking, fantastic gas mileage.

you can shift manually or automatic.

Fuel efficiency, quality, torque curve, sportiness, paddle shifters, cargo capacity, magic seats, flat floor loading.

I love the interior room the car has for as small as the car is. I traded in a 2001 Dodge Durango for this car and I think this car has just about as much interior space.

I like it all.

Interior room and paddle shifters.

Aux hookup for MP3 player, folding seats from everywhere, paddles for standard driving in an automatic, and sleek style.

I really appreciate the MP3 audio input. I love the storage capacity and how easy it is to change the seating configuration. I love how well the car handles both on city streets and on the highway. Feels safe and stable at 70mph. Love the look especially with the spoiler and sport rims.

Smooth fuel-efficient engine, that runs happily on Colorado's 85 octane gas; razor-sharp steering; cornering grip is limitless! Plenty of space inside; versatile rear seats & trunk area; solid build quality; tiny turning circle; makes the iPod sound great; 44 mpg on the highway at 70mph.

Just fun to drive. 



Flexible cabin. I am thinking about getting a Civic or CR-V, but I really don't want to give up the cargo capacity.

Gas mileage is fabulous! Zoomy engine (not super powerful but responsive enough.) Cargo room. 

Excellent steering feel, nimble handling, small outside-huge inside, 5 speed auto, paddle shifters, great stock stereo, magic seats, leather steering wheel, upscale gauges.

Ugly, just like me. Compact. Not like me. I don't realize is is so ugly and small until I get out of it. Fit's my 6-2 frame very well. No pun intended. mpg. mpg. mpg.

mp3 player input, sporty and fun to drive, good mileage, versatility

Mileage, interior versatility, very comfortable seats, purple interior lights-nice, safety features, reliability, and little front window for visibility and style.

Interior design, fun to drive, fuel efficient, hatchback utility, very good stereo system.

ipod jack, stereo system, great headlamps, interior space

Fuel economy, manual trans, fun to shift. Large windshield. Quiet for a small car.

Paddle shifters, great mpg, great sound system, extremely flexible rear seats, well designed interior, amazing handling, tons of safety features

Love the magic seats! They're great. Currently have my golf clubs in the back. No need to put the seats down. Picked up large purchase over lunch, box works well in TALL mode.

Instrument cluster, great stereo, tight ride.

THE LOOK

Paddle shifters.

The many ways you can adjust the seats. The paddle shifters. The large back hatch.

Unexpectedly, have to keep an eye on the speedometer - will readily exceed speed limits ! So responsive, quiet, roomy, adaptable, excellent mileage without hybrid cost or concerns - - - you can drive it as a family car or a (downsized) corvette, your choice !

The blue dash lights, maintenance minder, stereo system, magic seats and standard safety features. I really like the headlight look, very flashy.

Seat comfort. Nice stereo... standard. Good mileage. Storage space.



Interior seat versatility and gas mileage. Value and build quality.

We like the look, size, dash board color of light, interior room, and fuel economy

Decent cup holders all around, air bags and ABS as standard equipment, flexible rear seating arrangements, amazing interior space for its size, excellent fuel economy, and plain fun to drive.

Comfortable seats, incredible roominess, best Honda manual transmission ever (going back to 1979 Accord); good view outside back window; great acceleration, reeeeally fun to drive.

Amazing flexibility of interior, incredible standard safety features, and 38 mpg. Just to name a few. The "manumatic" paddle shifters are pretty much useless, but a fun toy nonetheless.

I love MusicLaunch that lets me use my iPod mini and hear it in the cars audio system.

Standard safety features

Powerful stereo system, nice gauge display, really comfortable seats.

Build quality, manual transmission, color.

Everything... there is nothing I don't like.

Love the look, packaging of interior, seat configuration, MP3 standard, Accessory jack for iPod included, fog lights included, peppy for only 109 hp, runs on regular unleaded, eye catcher.

the ease of driving a 5 speed again and the room!!!

Good gas mileage and flexible interior space with headroom and legroom for both front and rear occupants. Great safety with ten airbags and side impact protection protecting both front and rear passengers.

Because of it's size, chances of finding a parking at least triple. This car has the spare horsepower when you need make a sudden dash to beat the light or to merge into Belt Parkway on an uphill. Larger interior than cars twice its size.

My favorite features are the paddle shifters, the AUX jack for my ipod, and the blaze orange metallic paint!

My favorite feature is the price I pay at the pump...when I have to go!

Seat configuration - make anyone happy...even the dogs!

all the possible modes of the seat, style, looks.

I love how the passenger airbag turns off when a child is recognized to be in the seat. I love the height and how I sit up off the ground. I love the way it feels HUGE inside and it can comfortahly seat 5. I love the way it handles. I love my Fit!!

Love the orange color. Very sharp. Great handling on roads. I like the blue back gauges lit up. At night real easy to see. Nice comfy seats. Plenty of cargo room. Gas saver. Cools down really quick

I like the design of the dash board. I also enjoy the cargo space, a lot more room than my old civic.

Standard items (safety features, power doors and locks, stereo). Interior space and gas mileage.

The stereo, the seats, the gas mileage.

Flexible seating arrangements, lots of interior space, interior design, great fuel economy, standard power features and multiple airbags.

Cargo capacity for a small vehicle.

Superb manual transmission. Shifting. Some so called SPORT autos should learn a thing or two. Fun to drive! Internal space being unbelievable! Great support on seats! Gas consumption.

I love the MP3 and IPOD compatibility. It also looks sporty and I love the stereo.

gas milage, interior space, well built car with lots of pep

Automatic transmission, the MP-3 stereo system, cruise control and ease of seating changes.

"Feeling" the road, postitive steering, roominess, great gas mileage, beautiful exterior and interior except for carpet, adjustable seatbelt was nice, gauge cluster is beautiful, large windshield, 

Smooth shift, blue accent IP. Seat folding matrix is complex, but can be functional too.

Since I'm 6'6", I like the fact that I do fit in the Fit... plus the nice wheels, sound, seats, handling, style (red Milano Sport model), and price... plus it's a Honda.

Room, lots of room in a such a small car. Gas mileage. Fit and finishes are typical honda. Amazingly powerful from a small engine. Handling is tight. Feels like a sport car.

Dash layout is clear and easy to use. The folding 'Magic Seats' create an incredible amount of room. The 5 speed shifts short and smooth. 34mpg really helps in light of the gas price increases. Small on the outside makes it easy to park. The quiet ride makes long commutes easy.

Houdini-like seats, Suspension, Steering feel, drive- by-wire throttle, outward visibility, Sound system, Clutch and Shifter, Leather wrapped steering wheel, aux input jack, Seats, Gas milage

Roomy. Good visibility front and sides. A blast to drive. Good fuel economy. Great styling.

The shift paddles rock! Solid sound system.Wonderful visibility. Great intuitive dashboard. Turns on a dime. Dare I say it? Terrific fit and finish.

Cargo space, MP3 enabled CD player, smooth manual shifter, fuel economy (stated, does not have a chance to verify yet), dash layout.

Handling, looks, functionality, paddle shifts and of course MPG.

Peppy acceleration, great brakes, great steering, great tranny, great all-around visibility, driver can disable rear power windows (we have a kid), versatile "magic seat," great stereo, very bright headlights, standard side air bags and antilock brakes, nice paint color (we got the vivid blue).

Interior style (Acura Style), Audio System, CRAZY Space, Gas Milage, Exterior Style (So Cute, Sporty), Fun to Drive, Paddle Shift, Magic Seat.

Standard alloy wheels, 200W Mp3 CD Player, tons of standard airbags, cylinder deactivation when <2000 RPM, fold flat passenger seat, the feeling of the honda "quick-click" 5-speed

The interior room and dashboard. The radio is great also.

Interior styling, has great pickup, I love the paddles

Style, flexibility, easy entry front and rear, plus its so damn cute!

Fold down rear seats and storage space under back seats.

Tight, solid, well built. Great shifter, great steering. Sporty, fun to drive, lots of space, comfortable seats, good radio.

I like the MP3 player and the gas mileage. One of the most special features is the fact that if you lock your keys in the car it can be opened by cell phone no matter where you are! The car is very roomy for a subcompact.

Great handling with decent tunes. A blast to drive without the negative impact on the environment.

comfortable seats,stereo quality, gas mileage, fit & finish

nice job on the dash! Big, easy to locate and read guages. The lighted blue gauge accents are head turners. The fan on full blast creates quite a windstorm. Entering and exiting the car is a snap - no small feat for a subcompact car. I am 6'3'' and easily fit .

It just looks fun. Everyone I've shown it to has been impressed and impressed enough to consider buying one themselves. Feels like a more expensive car. Gas mileage is great and dont care that it only holds 10 gallons. Great visibility. Back seat is good for big people too. Air bags galore!

Styling, price and very quite for a smaller car... all around great ride for few bucks.

The amount of space, the comfort, and convenience. Great audio system, excellent on long trips; it amazes me how people get cars with less space for 4 times the money. The Fit is also very stylish and extremely fuel efficient. You will love it when you first drive it! 

Everything, but mostly fuel economy, stereo system, and feeling of the smooth stick-shift! Oh, and ya gotta love that price!

fuel economy, hatchback, rear seats folding up for floor cargo, & folding down like a small station wagon. 

Steering and handling. Room in the back. 

Seats fold flat (essential), lots of interior space, good fuel economy,

People think I'm smart to own it. 

sporty handling and great MPG

The dash layout is perfectly ergonomic, everything within reach. Fuel economy is awesome. I have been using this car to move from NC to FL pulling a trailer with anywhere from 1,000 to 1,500 LBS each trip while averaging between 26-29 MPG! (Don't tell Honda Service)

Paddle shifters on the automatic sport, iPod plug in, nice stereo on the sport, no arm rests...I hate them, so many ways to configure the seats, I can fit everything in there, I squeeze into ANY parking space or small passageway

I love the dash layout, & the seat configurations

Very sporty look and great handling. The front seats fit like a glove.And it's a HONDA.

Huge cargo area, flexible seating, very cute exterior and interior design, zippy acceleration and handling

Quality build and materials, handles great, loads of standard safety equipment, great value.



I like the turning ability in close spaces and parking is a breeze. The stereo and the cd player are great. There is a lot of room for car seats and kid stuff.

Handling, steering feel, visibility, shift action, easy-lift hatchback, easy-fold seats, aux jack, maintenance minder.

Pros: Almost everything, nimble handling, interior space, vtech engine, manual trans & not over done 

Shifting.

Paddle-shifters, cargo space, parking ease, comfortable seats

Cargo space and multiple interior configurations. Fuel economy. Styling.

Handling. You'd never think you were in an entry level car by the way the car drives

The stereo, cute as a bug, handles great, and love the storage room. Like ability to remove back headrests as they seem to impair seeing out the back window.

SportShift 5sp tranny, gas mileage, cavernous cargo capability, superb handling, MP3 compatible CP player.

5-speed automatic transmission. Paddle shifters. Low gas usage. Interior space. Handling. Braking. Parking ability. Acceleration from a stop. Visibility.

Hatchback, folding seats, mp3 compatibility

Driving visiblity; gas mileage; how quickly it warms up (in winter) and cools down (in summer); fog lights on the Sport; sound system; and the very best, the versatility of the seating arrangement and cargo space - ingenious!

Even with low horsepower, the fit is surprisingly fun to drive. Also the 36-40 mpg is great considering the distances that I drive. In addition, the maintenance minder only recommends oil changes about every 4500 miles or so.

The way the seats can be folder down or up for cargo space.

Rear seats ( have 2 dogs) very functional. gas mileage.

CD player, exterior color blue, 

Gas mileage. Very fun to drive. Excellent handling. Seating configurations. Surprisingly roomy inside. Visibility. Interior room. 



Fuel efficient and practical with a 5 spd.

Honda quality. Great interior design, good fuel economy, fun to drive

Cargo capacity, edgy look, high quality components. Beautiful night-time dashboard. Logical controls. 

Sport rims are good-looking. Shift knob adequate, though kinda big. On compatible CDs, stereo will display song title, artist, or CD name. Stereo preset EQ. "Magic" seats. 

Interior versatility. Interior fit and finish. Comfort of seats. Driving experience. Mileage (37 mpg in mixed driving for first 12000 miles)

Most regular maintenance items easy to get to. Great loading characteristics with the combination fold down/fold up rear seats. You actually have to be careful not to overload (by weight) the vehicle. 

Paddle shifters and link to my iPod.

Shifter great fold down back seat. My Lab loves it. Fuel economy (35-38) Handling. Fit and finish puts American cars to shame

Handling, cargo capacity.

Peppy, fun to drive, wicked fast steering. Fuel economy, holds all my gear, or combo of gear and people. All safety equipment and features are standard. Sweet shifter. Reliable. Like the look from the front. Great headlights. Easy Sirius Stiletto hook- up. Love keyless entry on an economy car

Room, comfort, mileage, feel on the road.

Seats

Handling, switchable cargo area, mp3 input/mp3 CD player, paddle shifters, the beautiful lines, the color!!

The stereo, power windows and door locks. The handling, and the storage! And the styling is great!

The airbags, the interior room, Magic seats, radio... just about everything.



Fuel economy, agility, interior versatility and room, interior quality, easily parked, decent power.

Gas mileage, magic seats, MP3 stereo, aux. jack, gear shifter, fun drive, roomy interior, blue speedometer lighting is easy on the eyes.

Reliability. Fun to drive. Value. Fuel economy. Looks. Cargo carrying capacity.

Handling, braking, gas tank fillup at waist level, so I don't have to bend over

Fold-down seats, tweeters, CD player/sound system, good gas mileage!

Fold-flat, "magic" seats. Easy to park. High seating position (compared to many small cars). Great gas mileage. Relatively small console (who needs a stinkin' big console? not me)

Gas mileage, fun to drive, compact size, great storage

Interior room, no need to order any options, came fully loaded, no problems getting on freeway with a/c on fan setting 3 of 4, visibility

comfort, cargo versatility, fuel economy

versatile foldable seats, lots of cargo room, 34 mpg in town, safe,cute and well made

 seats fold flat, good radio,stereo, easy to get in and out. good miles per gallon

38 miles per gallon during break in period. Handles nicely, accelerates briskly. 

Fuel economy, seat comfort, responsiveness ( its very peppy ), handling, headlights, Paddle shifters.

Great and unique looks.

