Roomy - console holds a lot and has a rear outlet that is reachable from the front, so I can plug in a GPS in front, and charge a phone at the same time without an adapter. The dip in the dash holds the GPS where you need it.

Fold down seats that lay flat, roof rack, sound system, heated outside mirrors (I live in MN), windshield that lifts independently of the back door.

Good response and acceleration with the manual transmission. Feels like a car on the road no matter the conditions. What else can I said I LOVE IT....

The fact that the rear window opens independently of the hatch, the gas mileage, the stereo and the safety features.

Safety features are excellent, love the roomy interior, exterior design looks sharp, love the push button 4wd, back glass opens independently of door, CD-MP3 compatible, comfortable interior on long trips.

MPG rated at 22 city, 26 Highway. I usually get 24 city, 28 Highway! Roomier and smoother ride than the vaulted Escape. Fit and Finish are exceptional. 

I love that the rear window opens independently from the hatch. The seats fold down flat for plenty of cargo space.

I love everything about it.



Trip Computer, seats, smooth ride

Like fold down seats that lay level. 

The interior is so nice and comfortable. Leather seats--would have actually preferred the cloth. LOTS of room. I have a car seat and carry a full sized stroller.

Good size. Like that seats fold down flat. Comfortable.

Some of my favorite features about my car is the Premium sound Package I have in my car, the Shift Tronic Shifting ability, and the Sporty look of my car is amazing.

i like the fact that it has the sensor to know if there is a passenger in the vehicle

Smooth ride, great hauler with rear seat down. Automatic with shiftronic

the size is just great big enough to haul alot of normal everyday things but not as hard on gas and the wellet as a larger suv or van

The Suspension, feels like a luxury card, very smooth

The looks.

Seating position, visibility, acceleration, brakes, comfy seat, roomy back seat.

I love the vehicle overall. Considering I spend so much time in it, the ride is very comfortable, quiet, handles great. Wonderful for all 4 seasons. I love the stereo .. I can play CDs, radio or cassettes still!! The interior layout is wonderful with easy access to all controls

Drives well and cruises effortlessly on the freeway. Paint and body fit is excellent. Rear hatch is very convient to use.

heated seats, side mirrors and wipers. rear door opens up instead of to the side. alpine frost color unique. folding seats. audio system/speakers are great. lots of standard equipments/great value. fog lights standard. 

Quiet ride. Interior room good. Good front and side visibility. Headlights are awesome. Nice styling. Fit and finish good.

Size, comfort, keyless entry, rear window entry.

Lots of space in a small SUV. Very roomy interior. Controls are layed out well and convenient to operate. Lots of extra cargo space (nice design). There were a variety of cool colors to select from. I love the Alpine Frost.

Fold-flat rear seats, shift-tronic capability, headroom (especially after 3 years in a Mustang!), color schemes

Nice looking car. No major blind spots. I looked at the Toyota Cruiser. It's very boxy looking and the pillars present blind spots. I also like the spare tire hidden, not in the way on the back door (like many SUV's). The tuscon is also a very quiet ride. On board computer is an awesome touch.

The looks and the color alpine frost. The storage room especially with the back seats and passenger front seat folding down flat. My wife loves the clips to hold bags of groceries and misc.

vision and roominess, has a solid and safe feel about it, accees to cargo through back window.

Overall interior design. Well laid out. Very well utilization of space. Easy to access all areas of the vehicle. The "hand hole" on the rear hatch back is a nice touch - makes closing the door so much easier. 

ABS, autostick, roomy cab, attractive front console, love the shade of blue, power side mirrors, hatch glass door opens by itself, backseats fold down almost flat

The rear entry door is very handy. Many OTHER SUV's have the spare tire hanging off the rear door. Not extactly atttractive or convenient. Lots of hidden interior space. Back seat reclines and also folds down flat for extra room. Vision is also very nice, no major blind spots. 

Rear seats reclining. Ample interior space.

The radio is awesome. 6 disc changer plus a cassette player, equalizer, 6 speakers. I got the color Alpine Frost and everyone loves the color.

Gosh, everything! It's wonderful to have ABS, Electronic Brake Force Distribution, ESC, 4WD, 8 airbags, Tire-Pressure Monitoring System. Can't wait for the icy weather to try out the electric front windshield wiper de-icing element. Foglamps up high make a lot of sense.

Roomy interior, quiet and smooth ride, great air conditioner, awesome safety features all standard (ABS, ESC, AIRBAGS Front and curtain), good storage room, decent acceleration, looks sharp with tinted windows, and good sound system.

My favorite feature is the backseat that reclines, just enough to make it a little comfortable.

It feels very roomy for a compact, and the interior is well designed. Love the standard features (including ESC, tire pressure gauge and extra airbags). The interior fabric is good quality and I love the feel of the leather wrapped steering wheel. And really, the 10 year warranty is just awesome.

Heated leather seats, Automatic climate control, Auto dimming rearview mirror, Grocery bag clips, quiet open sunroof 

I live in Las Vegas where the need for climate control is priority one. The air conditioning is strong and doesnt seem to effect my milage in a major way. 

This car is a great value on paper and has several advantages over its competition. It's quiet, well laid out and performs well. But the competition is improving and Hyundai will need to revise the Tuscon soon to stay competitive. We regret not buying the new CR-V.

Nicely equipped packages

Fun to drive, plenty of room and great gas mileage... so far! 

Well I like having the only copper color in NYS as of right now! The interior is more spacious than most smaller SUV's. Performance is awsome I just turned 18 and as you all know we guyz at this age have a lead foot I cant complain she knows how to MOVE!

Fold down seats in the back; riding up high and seeing everything; wide panoramic view.

We love the spacious interior, heated seats, easy stow and go rear seats.

A smooth ride that handles well, almost like a car; heats up quickly in 10 below Minnesota winter; good sized cargo space; seats fold down flat (doesn't in CRV); safety (airbags and TCS); big windshield; getting out is easy.

easy to see all around

I like the layout of the controls, wipers, fog lights, blade deicer etc. Very solid, feel very safe in it. 5 star ratings for side and front crash.

My favorite is the seat adjustment and the rear widow defroster and windsheild wiper.

all

I love that the back door opens with just the window or the whole door. Oh yes the heated sets are great.

Leather seats, rear space, fuel ecenomy, sterio and it's silent engine (gasoline model)

* Front wheel drive which automatically converts to 4-wheel drive as needed. * V-6 engine is much more powerful than 4-cylinders found in some of the competitors. * Front seat folds down. Good for tabletop. Also, great for getting the occasional long item in vehicle. * Cup holders

The feel of off road driving, the way the back opens up and space to store almost anything.

Dash layout, rear compartment, four wheel disc stopping power, traction control with stability control is an awesome system. The paint job is really nice and stays shining for a while after waxing! Power is smooth but a bigger V6 would be a lot nicer!

I like how the glass in the back door opens seperately for easy loading. The dash controls are easy to use, and we love the fold down seats. This car rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Like the height off the ground. With arthritis in knees, easier to get in and out of. 

Gas mileage great!

ease of entry, interior features, safety features

The back opens up, rather than to the side like my old RAV. Also, the glass can open separately from the door. Bother of these features make it easier to get stuff in and out.

Knobs for A/C and Heat...easy to see and use.The rear hatch door with the window being able to open.I'm 6 ft. and I have plenty of leg room and head room.I was surprized how much power the V6 has.Spare tire compartment is nice.It also has a lot of little storage area's through out the interior.

The sporty design is great. The standard safety features. All the little storage "niches".

