3.5L V6 w/306 hp. Is a head turner for sure. Very Fast. Real sport look and feel. Bose system. Bluetooth. Best car I've ever had so far.

Cloth Seating (Leather Seats Creases), 18 Inch Alloy Wheels, Rear Wheel Drive, Auto-Dim Rear View Mirror, Xenon High Intensity Discharge Headlights, Leather Steering Wheel Trim, Limited Slip Rear Differential, One-Touch Power Windows, Automatic Climate Control, Variable Power Steering

seat is wwwwwwooooooooowwwwwwwwww!

The power top and the power up and down windows. The 6 speed manual transmission coupled with the 306hp V6 engine. The car grips quite well during hard cornering. The heated leather seats. Finally I get 0-60mph in less than 5.5 seconds CONSISTENTLY! What's not to love!! 

Engine/exhaust sound is great. I love the automatic window up/down feature for BOTH windows. Dual intake. Sometimes I love the fact that my car doesn't have TCS and LSD to slide, but sometimes when you DO want to take a hard corner while gassing it, you can't without sliding all through the turn.

The looks, the stiffer body especially when taking tight turns, the sound and the darn good acceleration. Fun, Fun, Fun who needs a "T" bird anyway !

Solid feel, grips the road like it's on rails. Engine/exhaust sound, especially when downshifting at a stop light. Automatic window down feature on the key fob. My beemer has that, too, and it's really cool, especially when it's hot outside. Garage door opener feature on the rearview mirror.

Too many to mention, but road handling, braking, would be at the top

You name the Z has it!

Digital display panel. Steering wheel controls. Autodimming rear view mirror. Gas mileage (for a sports car). Bose system w/ subwoofer.

Bose, Leather, Auto Downshift, 18" chrome rims, HID's, brakes. Dual intake on new motor!!

It's a Z. Specifically, the burnt orange leather seats, the cockpit with gauges, the gorgeous exterior that fascinates at every angle. Oh, those LED bullet taillights. The longing, envious stares from everyone.

Exhaust sound, conv top, and style!!

Cornering ability, gas mileage (avg 25.4), turbine sound when accelerating, great looks, 18" rims, traction control, extremely quiet at highway speeds, seat seems to HOLD you, very smooth. 

Power, handling, styling, The 18" factory wheels are stunning.

Excellent motor, great handling on corners.

rwd, 6spd, 306hp, handling and great looks for under $30k.

306 horsepower, Bose stereo, convertible top, high performance handling.

Exterior styling, wheels, HR engine, illuminated cup holders!

I like the bluetooth handsfree phone system and the Bose stereo system is not too bad for a stock stereo system.

This is a fun car to drive, no ifs ands or buts.

VQ35HR, wheels, HID, LED lights.

18" wheels, smooth and powerful engine. 

I really like the Ray's engineered wheels. They are beautiful.

Much faster than I expected. I knew the '07 model would be little faster but I was in awe.

Powerful engine, handling, comfort.

Hey, it's a convertible. Who doesn't like a convertible. Quickness, handling, GPS and the rims are great too.

Tire/wheel package (grand touring model) and improvements to interior. I especially like the bluetooth phone feature.

While the list of favorite features could go on forever, simply stated, the best feature is the value. This is a powerful and head turning sports car for less than $30,000 - WOW!

Power to spare. Responsive handling.

It is so fun to drive! So much power and responsiveness. Instruments and stereo are really impressive.

306 hp/268 tq; Manual Mode; Hood Design; Bi-Xenon Headlights; LED Taillights; 18" Wheels/Tires; Available Orange Ventilated Mesh Seats; 6 CD Changer; Ease of Top Function; Solar Orange Paint ($500)

Performance, looks, 



