Turbo--smooth and fast. Feels better than my old M3 and gets 30 mpg on freeway. Styling and interior--Nav system is ok, handsfree phone works great

lights, body style is much better then previous years

Love the style. Drives well in short distances.

 The tires ruined the car for me



Styling. Power. Paddle shifters. Dark brown leather seats. 

Hardtop convertible, Twin Turbo engine, lots of power and no turbo lag, Xenon headlamps with rotation, Great car after Michelin Run Flats installed, fuel economy (30 on Hwy, 27 in normal driving). 

Comfort Access, ipod, sinking in seat feeling from acceleration. Turns heads on the street. Love the look and function of the adaptive xenon headlights. Heated seats are fast to warm up. I wish I can look at the car as I drive it. I know, it's weird.

Handling, Looks

Xenon headlights, comfort access, sport package, overall handling, BMW styling. 

Manual mode in Steptronic., Great lumbar support (optional with Convenience Package), BMW Assist (Optional), Run Flat tires, free service for 50,000/4 years.

Convenience locks; bluetooth; handling; great look; xenon headlights that follow the road; auto wipers; auxiliary jack for hooking up iPod; SOS feature like onstar.

Engine performance and easy performance modifications. Handling is excellent. Get rid of the run flats, buy a jack kit and you will drop quite a few pounds off the vehicle. 

Handling, ride quality and fit/finish of interior. Bluetooth. The barbera red metallic paint with beige leather/wood trim is handsome. 4 years free maintenance. Decent mileage.

Hands free BT for the cellphone is my favorite feature. 

GPS, Bluetooth, ride and handling.

Heated seats for the winter...THAT'S IT!

Handling, seats, looks.

Push button start is cool, handles curves nicely. (But after driving a loaner with the sport package I realized the sport seats are more comfortable and the tighter suspension actually makes for a smoother ride, not bumpier as it was described by the first salesperson I went to for a test drive.)

My red leather interior.

The iDrive is great, bluetooth, Xenon headlights, amazing steering.

Performance; handling; iDrive; navigation; sound system; design; absolutely everything! It gets great highway gas mileage.

The iPod adapter and iDrive.

iDrive, Logic7 stereo system with Sirius, the TWIN turbos!

The engine is amazing... tons of power and torque. Transmission is flawless. Handling is excellent due to the perfect balance of the car. Love the styling. Stock rims are very cool. 

Bluetooth, automatic wipers and headlights.

The illuminated outside lighting at night looks awesome. The sound system is incredible. The power feels more generous than a crossfire. I also like the chilled drink area.



The new brakes are amazing, it?s disconcerting driving other cars now because the stopping power of the BMW is as good as it gets on a production car of this caliber. The new rear suspension also impresses me, it does not want to give up grip and people in the back seem more comfortable than before

Power off the line, passing power and handling. Bluetooth and sound system are excellent.

Powerful engine, looks, Xenon lights, side door illumination, smooth transmission and engine, beautiful comfortable leather seats, safety features.

Engine, steering, brakes, 6sp MT. And of course that engine note. I spend half the time with the radio off just so I can listen to that engine. Also got to love that torque. With so much torque, you'd have no problem cruising in 6th gear probably as low as 40. Launching away from tolls is fun.



Bluetooth, iPod connector, turn signal lights clicking sound, metallic buttons, 

Power, ride, handling, performance, driver involvement, quality, build quality, looks, features, comfort, everything.

Handling and braking performance. Also the rain sensor is nice. Oh and the door handles the illuminate at night when unlocking the doors.

Instant power w/o any turbo lag.

Everything, interior design, iDrive (after experimenting with it for 30 minutes, its the easiest thing to use), performance, BMW cachet, compliments I get, top shelf materials.

adjustable seats, bluetooth, leather, and remote gate opener.

Acceleration in sport mode. It is like taking off in a plane!!

Navigation, comfort, mileage. I am averaging 45+ mpg on the highway. Basic sound system is a blast. 

Performance, great handling, quiet ride, sporty appearance, iPod, bluetooth capability and it's fun to drive!

Styling! This thing looks sexy at any angle. Performance is unbelievable and gas mileage is impressive considering the engine. This is the first BMW 3-Series where I didn't feel cramped. It's quite roomy and the interior isn't ostentacious. It has a nice combination of simplicity and classiness. 

It is quite quiet in the cabin; has lots of punch; terrific handling and good-sounding radio.The car performs flawlessly in every regard.

Interior, Xenon headlights, memory garage key.

Engine, transmission, convertible hard top, design, rock-solid chassis.

Cruise control which accelerates in 5 mph intervals and decelerates in 2 mph intervals.

Premium Pkg., Nav. and Sirius. The options heighten the reward level every time it is driven. The hardtop roof mechanicals are an engineering wonder! We can have conversations at speed. The looks this vehicle gets. Just love Cream Beige leather and Titanium Silver, we think it was a special order.

Handling; responsiveness; fun factor; 6 spd shift; being able to take iTunes on the road with me and operate the iPod through the stereo controls; fit and finish.

Retractible hardtop when it's working. Handling when car is not in the shop.

Comfort access, bluetooth downloaded my entire phone book into the car, A SERIOUS SOUND SYSTEM!

Engine, exterior looks, acceleration, braking, handling. 

Hard top convertible, performance, push button start, navigation.



Engine, engine, engine. But aside from the engine, love the styling. Looks great from every angle and the fit and finish is great. The interior is very roomy and much improved over previous generation BMWs. 

Driveability and the way the top works.

Engine sound. The reaction of everyone when they know you bought a BMW. The looks. Acceleration. The lights below the door handles are great!

Sport package and sound system.

The twin turbo pulls hard and embarrases other sedans or surprises hotrods with acceleration; the luxurious interior with high quality leather, wood grain panels, comfort seats, moonroof, large trunk; the exterior with completely gorgeous, aerodynamic styling, large rims and the handling with 50-50 weight ratio and stability.

The twin turbo engine. 

The turning radius is great. Awesome engine. And I even have to say I love the built in garage/gate remote. My previous car didn't have that.

Where to begin... that engine (god-like comes to mind), the styling, the comfort, iDrive, fit and finish, build quality, REFINEMENT, LEDs in the outside doors, my color choice (alpine white is amazing on any new bimmer), the tech (HD radio, sat radio, park distance control, iPod USB).

Engine sound, speed, handling, looks, bluetooth, iDrive, navigation, satellite radio, coral red seats.

Smooth ride, amazing handling and brakes. Everything feels tight on this car, truly the Ultimate Driving Machine.

Turbo!! Very agile features like bluetooth, HD radio, comfy seats, styling Free service, nice compliant ride.

Ambient nightime lighting, awesome new looks, great sound system, HUGE trunk for it's class.

The engine. Lots of torque down low and tons of power for passing. On the track if you nail the apex you can really rocket out of the corners. On the highway there really isn't much need to down shift to pass, though it is much more fun if you do. Comfort access. Leave the keys in your pocket.

Performance and smooth drive and handling. And the car looks great.

Acceleration and handling, 18" wheels w/ low profile tires, design of front lights, iPod jack, solid feel to entire car.

Sport shif modes, bluetooth connection, premium stereo.

Sports package adds stiffer ride, but is still OK on harsher intown roads. Get it out of town on back roads and it really starts to shine.

Great pick - raw power, excellent handling, great on the brakes, feels solid, comfortable seats, and excelent exterior. Sports package makes the car look even hotter.

Coral Red leather interior is stunning and exotic. Telephone & BMW Assist is wicked, and the engineering behind the hard top is genious. I would definitely recommmend the Logic7 Sound System.

Performance, roadability are great. Much quieter interior compared to the old Porsche I had.

The drive of this car is amazing. When you are going 100 MPH it feels like 65. I better get a radar detector!

Bluetooth, navigation with the live traffic 

Performance, quality.

Road feel, quietness, exhilaration and control when driving. Nothing like it.

Engine performance, power and almost absent noise level. Very quiet cabin. The leather upholstery and cabin layout. The feel of the steering wheel and that need to make the car do what you want it to rather than just sit back and ride.

Looks and performance. The seats are much more comfortable than I thought they would be. Interior is classy. The whole pkg. is great.



18 inch wheels, iDrive, paddle shifter, steering wheel, leather seat, sound system, and the twin turbo engine.

Turbo power, active steering, Bluetooth sync with cell phone.

The bluetooth integration is very fast and easy to set up with multiple bluetooth enabled phones. The gearbox and transmission are truely awe-inspiring. The paddle shifters are crisp and hold the gears nicely in the high revs. The lumbar supports that come with the sports package are amazing. 

Classy, sporty design. Interior material best quality. Driving dynamics. Powertrain more than adequate. Handling. Xenon adaptive headlights. Sound system. FUN TO DRIVE with touches of luxury.

Acceleration, handling.

Seating comfort, engine response and braking and the fun of just plain driving it! It is truly the ultimate driving machine.

Acceleration, interior/exterior design, fuel economy, handling, steptronic transmission, BMW warranty.

Comfort access, iPod interface (worth extra $$$), twin turbo :-), overall driving experience.

Paddle shifters!! Effortless acceleration.

Power.

Speed, looks, handling, comfort. This car is the total package. Almost forgot, the interior lighting that illuminates the doors and front dash is really cool with my red leather seats.

Beautiful exterior, engine, suspension and handling, climate controls, generous trunk esp with split folding rear seat. Get sport package for great seats and rims, plus higher top speed!

Power is amaaazing.

Gut wrenching acceleration. Rock solid handling. An elegant interior with a sense of understated class. Nice sound system.

Twin-turbo power, handling, comfort, Sport Package, paddle shifters on automatic trans., exhaust note, high quality interior and iDrive (not so bad after you get the hang of it).

Heated leather seats and a sweet, non arrogant, but stern exhaust growl. The clean uncluttered look and sleek form. Immediate power, ZERO turbo lag! This car is perfect. Park distance control, great! The navigation system is perfect! We have put 5,000 on it the first month of owning it.



Outside styling, sports package, active steering.

I really like driving in the sport mode transmission. One really gets a feel for the power and torque of the engine. Driving in the manual mode is also a kick.

Engine, AWD, Bluetooth telephone, sport seats and free maintenance programs.

Surround music system is awesome. The purr of its six which feel like an eight from rest to acceleration. Zero to sixty somewhere between four and five seconds. Steptronic shifting choices. Regular/sports/manual shift. On and on and on.

Super bright high-beams are almost like daylight at night. Rain sensing windshield wipers are helpful in the city.

The addicting acceleration.

Acceleration, handling, styling, comfort. I really like the Steptronic transmission, best of both worlds, I can play when I want and not have to constantly shift (as with a manual) in heavy Virginia traffic.

Love the power, love the interior except cup holders, love the style.

Sport suspension, automatic sport transmission, sport seat. 

Engine (300hp/29mpg). Suspension (sport package) and quality materials in interior. 

Steptronic automatic transmission, rear-end torque and handling in curves (multi-link suspension), fuel-economy (23 in town and over 30 on the highway), Bluetooth cell phone, MP3 integration, sport seats and wheels.

Engine sound, responsiveness, AWD in ice still feels like RWD on a dry road. Navigation system does its job - I got lost yesterday and it got me home in a cinch. 

auto adjust seats, sound system, turbo charged engine!!!

Engine, bluetooth technology, voice command system, 18 inch sport wheels, and exterior styling.

RWD and near 50/50 weight distribution. Fairly good power to weight ratio. 

You can keep pushing and pushing your car.

Watching the show as the top disappears into the trunk. Handling that is best in class. Overall quality, especially of the interior. A sound system that is nearly professional quality. Paddle shifters, nav system, twin turbos, etc.

For me, the engine response for this car is the most compelling feature. Twin-turbo, 300hp, 300ft-lb of torque. This car is a rocket on wheels!!! 

Styling, panache, solid construction

Endless power, exterior and interior design and quality, sport suspension together with 18" wheels make for a stuck on rails type of ride. 

Love the iPod radio control, interior design and seating. Exterior design, headlights, drive quality, tight steering, quality button and trim materials. Auto brakes when parked in neutral, anti-abrupt-breaking movement when coming to a complete stop. Fall down read seats.

AC in the center console, two AC sockets, the speedy, sporty performance and handling, eye pleasing design (for the coupe), pretty decent gas mileage compared to others that get the same pickup, heated seats extend to upper back region.

Handsome Bangle design The GO FAST, STOP FAST & ALWAYS IN CONTROL karma! "Priority One Interior" meaning lemon/black leather w/ alum dash trim. 

Engine and 13 speaker radio. 

Acceleration, responsiveness, drivability, manuvability. You get the feeling of driving, you do one thing, the car respond instantly and capably. 

Buttery smooth inline six. Rock solid feel. Driving dynamics. Quiet and comfortable. Luxury in the teutonic sense. AWD. Ulimately as satisfying to drive as any small sedan could be. 

6-speed transmission, brakes, over-all appearance, stereo. The powerful torquey engine and one more thing, the relly cool sound of the dual exhausts.

Love the Bluetooth and voice-activated navigaton. The perspective mode for the navigation is so much better than the last BMW system (which only had 2 map modes). Don't let anyone tell you the iDrive system is complicated. If you can operate a cell phone, you'll have no trouble with this.

Blue tooth, body, wiper system and seat warmers. 

Other than the engine and incomparable drive (really you can't explain it) I'd say rain sensing wipers believe it or not. When you are doing 75 in a 35mph recommended curve, you don't want to mess with wipers in a mist. The leather is incredibly soft, brakes are incredible, ergonomics are tops!

Sound system, nav, body style.

Front and rear seat comfort, Bluetooth phone system, sport seats, headlights

Style, grace, power, comfort and so much more! The engine is incredible, and very quiet for the power. Brakes give a real sense of stopping power. The Bluetooth connection for using my phone through the car's system. BMW is truly forward thinking. (There's not enough room here to say it all.)

The engine is by far the best feature. The car takes off like a baby on Red Bull. The interior design around the driver is also outstanding.

Sport seats, bluetooth so I can have the manual 6 speed, good gas mileage for a Sports car. I'm excited to drive the car every day. For me this is the ultimate driving machine with safety and 4 years of service included in the price. 

The performance of a true sports car. 

Comfort driving and exciting feeling of "being in control."

Long doors which are creating a large car size feeling, top speed, red sits, external appearance.

Interior/exterior styling. Stereo has excellent sound quality. Seats are perfect.

I opted for the navigation system with iDrive, cold weather package, luxury package, sport package and smart key entry system. All systems are intuitive and ergonomics are near perfection. Accurate real-time traffic feed to the navigation system comes in handy in hectic Seattle traffic!

Acceleration, exhaust sound, great looks.

Pick-up, handling of corners, and iDrive.

Push button start and VRROOOM! Passing power.

Power, power, power, and handling. Short throw gear shift. Manual transmission. Hill assistant.

Automatic is flawless, starter is neat.

This is a new model for BMW and they held nothing back. Talk about power and performance. Everything is right at your fingertips!

Engine, brakes, steering/handling, comfort, fuel effeciency, seating, fit and finish.

Ride, comfort and handling, with the sport package. Steptronic, bluetooth, but mostly ROAD FEEL.

Blue Tooth quality, heated seats, power, style, auto seatbelts etc. I can go on and on and on.

The wood trim inside with the leather. The controls for the radio on the steering wheel. The front of the car. The way it is shaped and slightly goes in on the sides . The headlights, oh my god, they are beautiful. Now lets talk about the heated and electric seats. That has to be, the best!

Handling, feel of the road, and power. Side air bags (you have to keep the noggin safe), fuel economy, 18 inch wheels, Nav system gives traffic warnings (a must for big city driving). Quality & design.

The seats are the finest, bar none. The iDrive is cool once you get the hang of it. Make sure you get voice command and the keyless go. They are both a must! I also got the iPod adapter so I'm jamming! I also love the coral red seats with a black metallic exterior with the aluminium interior finish!

Drivability and feel.

Power, sport seats, road feel, stereo, fit and finish.

Powerful twin turbo engine combined with the best 6 speed automatic on the market. 

Very powerful engine with high torque at broad RPM range 1~6k yet admirable MPG. Balanced neutral handling. Clean/classy interior. The best display/dash/panel design in its class. And of course the killer looks (yes rear too) and vibe! Did I say THE Ultimate driving machine?

The handling and styling, the six speed, and the engine. Beautiful automobile.

BMW makes the best car for the money, nothing else will do but if I have to choose, those turbos are pretty nice.



Power of the car.

Shape, speed, comfort are all excellent

Performance, handling, braking, tight feel. Good build quality.

Bluetooth is amazing; it's easy and very, very clear on both ends. The stock stereo sounds really good. Sport package seats are amazingly comfortable and the adaptive xenons are extremely cool.

Lines, such a head turner! Fit and finish is FANTASTIC. 

Style, power, leather, Nav, Bluetooth, ample space, overall refinement, The most amazing handling of any car I have ever driven!! It sticks to the pavement like super glue to your fingers.

My favorite features are the controls from the steering wheel, when I drive my other vehicle It drives me crazy to use features away from my fingers. Also the headlamp turning and self-leveling feature are awesome and noticable when you drive a vehicle without these enhancements

Xenon headlamps, exterior door lights, steering response. 

300 HP - 300 Pd./Ft. Torque-Twin Turbo Engine, Active Steering, 6 Speed Automatic, Logic 7 Sound System,Sport Pkg. and the comfort/additions it contained and finally the colors/finish selected. I don't know how anyone could provide a more beautiful paint finish.

I like the seat belt valet. Sport seats are great; driving quality is great. I am also glad I didn't pay $2k extra for the leather - the leatherette is gorgeous, and some Montana cows were saved. The leather on my last BMW didn't wear well despite treatments.

Active Steering is one of the biggest differences I've noticed so far. The automatic tranny with the paddle shifters is excellent, It makes this car extremely fun to drive. AND the comfort access option,with the key in your pocket the doors unlock as you walk up to the car, and you can start it also

300HP twin turbo, exterior looks.

1) snarl and grunt from low revs 2) fabulous looks that are not too conspicuous but require a double-take 3) feel through steering and controls.

Styling and feel.

The interior is very comfortable and roomy. Comfort access is great (key stays in pocket - just hit the Start button!), rain-sensing wipers standard. Silent, comfortable highway ride yet blistering back-road handling and acceleration. Also, it is a beautiful car, very classy looking.

Awesome transmission. Keep it in sports/manual to maximize revving. Very smart car with numerous ways to 'customize' interior functions.

300 hp motor, no sense of having any turbo lag, quality of materials used in car and stereo as good as any I've heard.

Blue tooth, heated seats, acceleration (stick shift), ability to customize personal settings (opening doors, sounds when opening/closing car,etc.) Sporty look inside and out), hidden cup holders in arm rest in back seat)

Pin-you-back thrust of 300 lb-ft of torque. Nearly flawless driving dynamics and control. Gorgeous interior. Have you seen one in person?

Comfort access, navigation, iDrive, Active Cruise control, Logic 7 sound system, inside lightening ambience, almost all the options I ordered.

Torque, navigation, sport seats, handling, angel eyes, bluetooth phone the list goes on.

Multple seat adjustments Real Time Traffic Turbo Power/Economy



Engine, engine, engine.

The engine power, the design, comfort access, 4 years scheduled maintenance, ample seating for 4.

The engine: it sounds smooth and throaty like a V8 and also pins you to the seat like one! The ride: perfect balance of firm performance and smooth comfort. The looks: the hood appears quite long, and reminds me of a 650i.

Engine, handling/ride, body style, bluetooth.

Handling, power, exhaust note, exterior styling, paddle shifters, Bluetooth, Sirius radio and 18 inch wheels.

Turbo power, yet docile and good on gas, seats are some of the best ever with the sport package, looks, steering is nice, and ride is surprisingly supple.

Power, looks, standard features

Twin turbo power, F1 paddle shifting, lusty exhaust sound, new BMW Pro Audio, huge leg and head room, beautiful lines. 

The quality of the materials and the design of the body.

Exterior design! Interior design: stylishly clean. Seat support, especially lumbar support, is exceptional.

Body style, push button ignition, soft drink cup cooler, interior design, climate control, and BMW's 4 year maintenance free program. This car is just fun to drive. 

Fast, lightweight, handles MUCH better than the 6 series. Smoother ride than the 6 series also! 

Power, steering, exterior design.

Navigation, SOS when you need help. Good pick up, twin turbo.

Comfort Access... really neat when you are with a friend and they expect you to unlock the door and wait till you pull out your keys and you just get in and then just push the button, freaks a lot of people out.

The premium package gives me plenty of luxury and features, but I also got navigation and Sirius radio. These are a must for long distance driving. The iDrive, which is frequently maligned, is not that hard to master and offers amazing control of all the car's features without a lot of buttons.

Good looking

Performance, steptronic, paddle shifters, premium package, sports wheels.

Manual/sport mode gives lots of a power; total number of features is outstanding; car feels bigger than it is on the inside (holds a kid, a dog and christmas presents easily).

The panoramic sunroof and the navigation system are awesome.

Other small pros- 1) I recommend the ?convenient access? just for fun. 2) The ?adaptive head light and the rain sensor are also fun. 3) Easy top operation with no problems so far. 4) Good highway gas mileage. 

Beautiful, both on the outside and inside. Great fuel mileage. Handles wet roads masterfully.

Superb engine, suspension, and brakes. Leather interior beautiful and comfy. Driver controls. Cruise control relaxing on long trips. Quiet interior. Had many cars over the years and BMW's perform best of all when pushed. Wife says the damn thing drives good. Engine very smooth and quiet. 25mpg city

Sound of engine. Heated seats get hot and stay hot. Door-handle lights at night. Quiet ride on smooth roads. Iconic gauges. Sound of doors closing. Innate quality.



Looks. Brand. Acceleration at any rpm is great. Fast shifting automatic. 



Tire-smoking, gasp for air stuck into your seat power when you want it. Sublime handling with a superb ride. Solid, reliable, durable. Best sports car on the planet that fits three kids in the back seat and two bales of hay in the trunk. 



Fluidity in the exterior design. Braking. Twin turbo engine and its torque. Cornering ability. Comfort access. Self-timed hot air release from cabin. Voice commands. Bluetooth.

It is definitely a head turner We love the navigation system, all though it is not as good as our Garmin in the other car. The Sirius radio and the SOS button.

The typical BMW engine roar at higher rpms is ecstatic and beyond description. excellent on snow. 



Acceleration, fun factor, looks and handling.

Bluetooth, radio, comfort

Acceleration... It's a BMW. Bluetooth...Sport Seats are great. Xenon headlights, auto wipers... Power Folding Mirrors.

Large carrying capacity for a small car; rides in an aura of comfort and security.

Convertible top

Appearance, seat comfort, interior space.

Body style, tight handling

Hardtop convertible. Turbo.

Adaptive xenon headlights at night, widens the road. Sport drive function, even going 30 feels like 65. 

The handling plus the comfortable ride. I love the styling. The best looking sport wagon on the planet. The all wheel drive. I haven't driven it in the snow yet but it's completely sure footed in the pouring rain. I tried to make it brake loose in the pouring rain on a 25 mph ramp, it held tight

The engine, handling, styling, premium package. Love the styling of the Sports Pkg optional wheels but performance tires would have compromised snow handling. 

300 HP from the twin turbo!

Handling is superior to anything I've ever driven. Absolute joy to drive. Gas mileage on long trips is 30-32 mpg - incredible for a sport sedan. Engine is great balance of power, smoothness, and economy.

Style, build quality, iDrive.

The best part of the car is the smooth handling in the corners, incredible pickup on highway ramps, and great braking before the cops pull me over coming over hills.

Driving characteristics, handling is amazing, power, leather, AWD is great in the winter here in NJ, Xenon headlights are cool. Comfort of 4 year maintenance (although I'm leasing for only 2 years). Sirius satellite.

Attractive exterior lines and styling, handling on curves, comfortable ride, bluetooth for multiple phones, acceleration at all speeds very nice (once it kicks in), two 12v outlets, sunroof, door handle lights - all my friends think it's the coolest thing.

Absolutely love the performance. Bit of a delay when really giving it some gas, but when it kicks in, it's smooth exceleration all the way. Also, love that I am not required to take it in every 3K miles for an oil change. Finally, you can't beat the 4yr/50K mile warranty.

Navigation with real-time traffic. AWD. Bluetooth. BMW-Assist.

Design, acceleration, cabin layout.

Exterior and interior design is classy, sleek, and sexy.

Engine. 300hp and 300lb is a lie. Flat out. I dynoed the car and came up with 282wrhp and 297lb of torque. That is good, but way off :) That is why this car blows most cars off the road.

Fun to drive, nice acceleration, and having the hardtop.

Awe-inspiring 300bhp turbo inline-six, precision steering, comfortable cockpit, speed^nth power

Acceleration (huge and flat torque curve from 1500 RPM), handling, brakes, Bluetooth, exceptional automatic transmission, no cost 4 years maintenance, driving it on the German Autobahn

The engine is incredible - NO turbo lag. Want to go fast? Flatten the pedal to the floor and let the computer do all the fuel flow adjustments. Smooth power and incredible cornering. I actually turned off the traction control once just to remember what a loose end on a high speed turn felt like!

powerful, economical engine, retracting hard top, big trunk,



The iDrive system.

Navigation, comfort package.

Power, steering, suspension much tighter than the last model

I like the i-drive with navigation... it's easy to use and makes everything is right there at a glance. The fat tires grip very well. The seats are amazing and the interior controls are just perfect and intuitive to where your hands might naturally rest. 

Excellent handling. hand free bluetooth is very helpful - loads my blackberry address book into the iDrive screen. The iPod interface is excellent.

Horsepower and torque, torque and horespower. iPod integration took some figuring out but is very nice. Did I mention the horsepower and torque???

Powerful engine keeps pace with many sports cars, dynamic handling, SOS standard, very fun to drive, exceptional safety features, triple- blink turn signals, heat "at rest" feature, real-time traffic, and more!

The twin turbo engine, build quality, overall design and execution, good looks, Sirius radio, cruise control, comfort assist, folding rear seat, safety devices for folding top.

Sport package seats. Wide torque band.

Twin turbo engine. Very strong braking. External looks. The iDrive - once you master it, it is quite good. Don't believe all the negative criticism about it.

Exterior styling. Acceleration. The standard lighting package (the LEDs under the grab handles, the lights under the doors, the footwell lights, etc.).

Fast and furious - car wants to go faster than I need to go, great seats w/lumbar.

Navigation, HD radio, Sirius radio, iPod link, looks, warranty, color combo, wheels, sport package, agility, engine, Xenon headlights, seatbelts, steering wheel, big trunk, brakes, 50/50 weight distribution, steering.

I love the comfort access. Never have to reach for a key. Rear Window shade helps a lot here in Florida. The iDrive not as bad as some say. Took a short time to get accustomed to it.

I have a very bad back from an injury years ago so seat comfort is always my number one requirement and the seats with the premium package are absolutely exquisite. Following that are ride, handling fit/finish, looks and engineering.

Xenon headlights, satellite radio and slick Blue Tooth mobile phone integration.

I love the rain sensing wipers - I don't have to keep adjusting the speed to the weather conditions. The ability to get a boost in sport drive with the automatic is great for quick passing.

Top, color, handling, quiet.

Torque and acceleration! Great stereo... subwoofers provide deep bass, finally. Navigation system is very good and Sirius service makes for a good companion on long commutes. Power folding mirrors are a plus.

Utility (my folding kayak fits inside), and the awd (though torque steer is present), BMW service both from the dealer and the company are great.

Suspension - typical BMW - world-class ride/hanling compromise. Sound system - great and distortion-free at high volumes with all types of music. 

I mind meld with this thing.

Handles like no other car I've driven. Love to push it through the turns. Navigation system takes some getting used to but once you get it it's great. iPod adaptor.

Sport package looks change the whole appearance of the car. 

