The ride is the best and it really is almost sound proof



Motor has power with great gas milage. I will drive it into the ground and get every penny out of it!

Telescoping pedals I'm 5'2". Heated seats and the power when I need to accelerate.

The handling of this vehicle is fantastic

Drivetrain & Nice Leather Interior w/Ambience Lighting are some of my fav. features, not to mention the 6- disc CD/MP3 sound system (I don't use the Satellite Radio that came with the car).

heated seats, remote start, speed sensitive radio

Comfortable cockpit, wind rush and exterior noise well muted, good power/economy compromise. Great value for a car with 225 HP V6 and leather interior. Even with extra options like sunroof and remote start, no other competitor came close in price. 16K miles and no problems to report

Console, stereo/CD and awesome speakers. Great gas mileage and people are always asking me is that a CTS and I say no but it rides like one, because it is a Saturn.

Sound system, ride, style & appearance, heated seats, mp3 player connector

Interior setup, 18 inch wheels, and chrome strip down the side of car as well around the windows add a nice touch and really stand out on the black paint. Also love the look of the blinkers on the side of the car. Minor things, but really add to the car. 

Quiet cabin, styling both inside and out, and powerful engine with good fuel economy.

This car has class. But most of all its 100,000 mile warranty. ur Our XR handles very well.

Styling is great. Looks good from every angle. 

18" wheels, paddle shifters, Euro styling.

I love my sunroof! The Aura also has a good sounding radio and the OnStar is a huge plus. The car handles really well on the interstate and around town.

Exterior styling, leather seats, upgraded wheels, and OnStar system.

i love the stereo and the controls on the steering wheel. OnStar and hands free phone also a big plus. Very comfortable driver's seat and dash layout and all controls are very good.

Exterior and interior looks. Good acceleration with great mileage. Very good handling.

18" wheels, respectable engine power even in XE, brown leather, overall style

Tap shift, auto-start feature, auto temp control, and the OnStar features.

Appearance and quality of vehicle overall.

Sporty look of exterior, interior comfort, 18" tires, 6 CD/MP3 player.

LED taillights. Exterior/Interior styling. Leather seats, XM radio. The nightlights that come on that were previously only found on Lexus and Honda vehicles adds a classy and usable touch at night!

Safety...one can never have too many airbags, handling and the extra power outlet in the consol. I love being able to plug in my iPod!

Looks, performance, features, OnStar, comfort, quiet

Sound sstem, OnStar, tire pressure monitor, DIC (Driver Information Center), heated seats, and that awesome 6 speed transmission with paddle shifters. Auto cimate cntrol.

Safety features, styling, color (ocean mist w. black interior), power- adjustable pedals (now my 6'3" husband can drive my car!), interior nighttime amber lighting.

The whole package, the ride, comfort, style, get up and go. I hate getting out of it. 

My Aura is all black and looks just great. Throw in all the bells and whistles that come with the XR and you have a lot of vehicle for the money.

Style, interior room, keyless auto start, XM radio, and performance. American made.

Two-tone brown leather interior, paddle shifters, OnStar equipped, great audio system. Beautiful interior and instrument illumination. Informative DIC (Driver Information Center). Tire pressure monitor. Unique side marker/turn signal lights.

I love the auto start with auto climate control. Being able to start the car in 100 plus degree temps and have the car cool down before I get in is tremendous. I am used to sweating 20 minutes before cooling off.

The Hybrid system. The stabili-track system. Air bag system.

Premium sound system. Handling is great with 18" low profile tires.

Transmission, stereo equipment, steering.

The tap-shift option and pedal adjustment

My favorites in the interior of the car are the Moroccan leather seats, both driver and passenger power seats, the ease of operating the controls located on the steering wheel, and the adjustable pedals. I'm 6'2 and weigh 200, the car fits me like a glove.

Fuel efficient V6, advanced audio package, convenience of OnStar, good handling

Performance, XM radio, European looks, great bargain for the price,and OnStar system.

Interior finish, leather. Exterior lines. Super highway performance, handing, and speed 

Six speed transmission shifts like butter. Engine is real quick. Fit and finish is excellent. Sound system is great, and ride is tight and accurate. Very comfortable.

Leather interior, fast peppy engine, 6 way transmission and manuel paddles. The absolutely fantastic styling and comfort. Rear audio controls, sunroof, ambient lightingf and XM radio and OnStar. 60/40 folddown rear seats. 

OnStar turn by turn directions, XM radio, adjustable pedals for shorter drivers. 

Engine, interior, remote start.

German handling feel, exterior appearance, panoramic roof, overall performance

Interior is quiet, guages and instruments are easily viewed and once you know what they are all for, easy to use.

The ambient interior lighting is a great touch. My favorite feature is just the overall styling. This car is simply a total package.

Heated leather seats. Electric sunroof. CD player with incredible sound. A four door is great

Adjustable pedals. Seat warmers, remote start. Comfort. MP3/CD stereo. Garage door opener

Great style, lots of standard safety features, very enjoyable to drive. Strong and quiet acceleration, flat and stable handling. 

We got the leather interior with the heated seats and the convenience package with the remote start. These are a must if you get the XE. XM radio is stunning. Trunk size is huge. The black color is really black, not pearl or some mixture of black. $24K with all the goodies and a sunroof is sweet.

XM radio, aux input, OnStar.

Exterior/Interior style, radio, adjustable pedals. Remote entry/start. Auto climate, heated seats on cold days. Built in garage door opener, optional manual shifting. MPG/outside temp./Miles to empty tank display, 4 way stability track control.

Everything

Power seat and lumbar adjustments for the back. Extra insulation between the motor and passenger compartment makes for a very quite ride.

6 CD audio system, quiet ride, plenty of get up and go. Everything!

The leather

Road worthy, quietness, appearance.

XM radio w/36 presets and genre search capability, 8 speakers, 6 cd changer and mp3 enabled. OnStar w/hands free phone, and gps option. Free road service. Side air bags, heated seats, dash board menu for door locks, lights, horn etc. Mileage efficiency reading. Wow, what a car!

Electronic Stability Control, engine power and mileage. Beautiful interior (ambient lighting) and exterior (looks more expensive than it is).

I like the quick acceleration, the wood trim interior, the ambient lighting and steering wheel, the comfortable sporty seats which hug you, the gorgeous exterior styling, the Saturn emblem on the trunk. I also like OnStar and the fact that the Aura has 5 star rating for frontal and side impacts

The 18" wheels, leather interior, curb appeal, auto start, entertainment system, fog lights, and the warranty. The number one: The price!

Handling! I live on a mountain and there are lots of curves in my commute. This car is smooth and sticks to the road. Stereo, base model sounds great. ABS, traction control and all airbags are standard (ABS extra on the Fusion). The car looks good, even with hubcaps 

Quiet driving, good acceleration, good looks inside and out. Separate radio in the rear with head phones. Torque steer under control even under hard acceleration 

Leather seats, stereo, auto climate control, iPod jack. Spirited engine. Nice rims. Nice PPG laminated side windows (developed at Cornell University by yours truly!) 

Brown leather interior in the XR.

Heated seats

Six-speed automatic transmission with manual overide. Quiet interior at speed.

Refined drivetrain, body style, 18" rims, and definltely the stiff ride. 

In any case, the did offer me a 60k mile maintenance plan at no cost to compensate me since my car has been in the shop 1/2 the time I've owned it. The worst part is the noise started around 1300 miles but I didn't do anything about it until 2k. Big mistake. I still love this car, just got unlucky.

XM radio, stereo sound, sunroof, leather interior, heated seats.

My favorite features are the sleek body of the car, the ambience lighting in the interior, the rich color of the interior leather seats, and the comfort of the driver's seat. It is very roomy like a large vehicle, and most of all, the security I feel while driving it due to the many safety feature.

Informative panel. 

Radio

Great horsepower, OnStar, XM radio, and hand free calling capability. The power sunroof is nice, also.

Aux. input, mileage displayed on dash, oil change indicator that takes into account driving style, automatic lights, radio features, paddle shifting (XR only )

Exterior styling often confused for more expensive European cars. Interior layout logical, neat, and very attractive. 8 way heated leather seats are brilliant. Great power and handling. Lots of trunk space. OnStar a wonderful addition. 5 star crash rating. Good rear seat legroom.

The interior and powertrain. The interior is very well styled and built. Love how the shifter/console is lit by the overhead LED's. The 252 hp V6 and 6 speed auto are quiet, smooth and powerful while getting decent fuel economy.



The ride is smooth as glass. You just glide to crusing speed. You can hardly feel it accelerate. Woosh, you're doing 60. Road noise is a thing of the past with this car. It's quiet as a church at 70. It's also nice to have steering mounted controls for the sound system,eyes always on the road. Nice.

Steering control buttons, interior lighting, good pickup when needed, the 17-inch tires, the color (ocean mist), power everything!

The styling, the horsepower, the remote start will come in handy on those cold New England mornings. 240 watt audio system

I like the 3.6L DOHC V6 it provides plenty of power. The cabin is very quiet and fit is decent. 

This first class materials. Stereo sysytem.

Pneumatic trunk openers which enable the trunk to open horizontally. Hood stays open without support, no staight bar to engage. Interior lighting, including rear map and ambient lights. Rear passenger radio which allows rear passengers to listen to a CD while those in front listen to a station

Styling, handling. Paddle shift 6 speed automatic. Interior, seats, guages, engine

Standard 6-cylinder, sporty front-end design, classy interior. Nice stock radio. Strong acceleration. Free year of OnStar. Folding rear seats (with plastic backs for rugged items), lighting of console/door handles.

Automatic or manual shifting, 

Paddle shifters

Interior design is superior. Drive train is exceptionally smooth and positive.

250+ HP and 6 speed auto. Never would have thought a Saturn sedan would go like a rocket and drive so smooth and quiet!

Motor, transmission. Suspension and chassis package is outstanding

We like the way it looks. It is a lot like the Audi A4 but better. It is nicer, roomier, looks better, an is cheaper then the Audi. I was going to get that car first, but the Saturn is a better car.

The handling and smooth ride. The nice comfort from the leather heated seats and how quiet it is from very little road noise.

The style the paint job. The interior with good tight finish. The speed of the engine. It just feels good driving it.

Besides the looks inside and out, it has to be the engine. Fast and decent gas mileage for a 6 cylinder.

Heated leather seats. CD changer. Ease of handling cruise control and radio controls on the steering wheel. Rear seat radio. Self darkening rear view mirror with compass. OnStar. Telescoping steering wheel 

XM satellite radio, acceleration, style, leather seats.

6 speed transmission with automatic and manual gear shifting in one package. Super comfortable ride with heated front seats. 6 CD changer and great sound sytem standard. Very sleek styling and handles like a dream. Pickup like a sports car. Comfort and quite like a limo. 

The 3.6l engine & Morocco Leather option

Exterior styling, interior controls and lighting, ride and handling.

Looks. Handling.

3.6L V6 engine, 6-speed transmission. Styling, excellent build quality. MP3 jack on stereo

Outside turn signals on side of car, like the ones you see in VW and other imports. Inside lighting and its display. Engine size and its gas consumption, which is great considering its a V-6.

I find the Morroccan leather seats to be luxurious. OnStar is a necessity. Satellite radio is a pure form of listening pleasure. The overall preformance is exciting, and the black color is eye appealing. 

Paddle shifters on steering wheel. Massive 3.6 L engine cranking out 250 lb.ft. of torque. 6 Speed automatic transmission, better than those on Cadillacs. Good stereo system. ESP. Safety. Remote start.

Tight comfort. Large seats. The look and looks you get driving it. Stereo is great.

The exterior styling with the 18" rims make it stand out. The 3.6L engine has great power and acceleration. The stereo sounds great. The heated Morroco leather seats

100,000 mile warranty, performance, comfortable ride, price.

Panoramic sunroof, OnStar, leather, heated seats, remote start. I am only 5'3 so I really love the gas pedal because I can move it forward until it fits comfortably for me.

Great audio with controls on steering wheel; comfortable leather; accurate cruise control and roomy rear seat. I drive a lot of miles each year & the Aura has been reliable the whole way.

Sound system, leather, powerful V6, 18" wheels, remote start, design, tap shifters, wireless headphones for rear audio, auto dim rearview mirror, power seats and pedals, handling, chrome accents, 

Great looking inside and out. Awesome gas mileage and a lot of power.

V6 power, comfortable seats.

Heated leather seats, CD and auto start.

Wind eliminator when the sunroof is open and performance but the surprising fuel economy for a V6 most of all.

Too dissatisfied to elaborate

Great styling, comfy leather seats, OnStar, interior lighting. Powerful

From the projector beam headlights to the LED taillights. Crash rating all around. Driver info computer. Driver seat power adjust. Lots of multiple storage: 2 level console/large trunk. Comfort (Disabled father isn't comfortable anywhere, loves it) Stereo. Euro design, climate/stereo controls

Luxurious interior, fast responsive engine, quiet, and fun to drive

XM and OnStar is always a plus, but I love the manual shifter on the wheel. It's fun when you want to have a little fun

Seating, visibility. Solid ride and handling.

Color and interior

Everything is awesome

Quiet, price, lighting, acceleration, and it is American built in Kansas City. Kudos Saturn.

Excellent fit and finish. Very comfortable for 4. The visiblity is outstanding.

The looks, the options. A lot of standard items. The XR is like a luxury sports car in one.

3.6L V6. Interior and exterior style.

Telescoping, and tilt steering wheel. LED tail lights. Interior lighting. Handling. Quiet. Driver information. Air bags every where. Dealership, (no haggle and courteous). Size. Might as well say, everything! 

Drive train, exterior style, and audio

Great interior design (especially the accented lights), high-quality leather, smooth shifting, strong pick- up, sporty look, free 1-year OnStar.

Bar none, the exterior. Very classy look. Leather interior, power seats, heated seats, XM radio, spacious, great interior design

Upgraded stereo, OnStar, and heated seats. Nice touch with LED lighting in interior. Styling is refreshing for GM product and looks upscale.

The Cadillac 3.6 engine is as fast as my 3.5 DOHC Nissan Altima SE. The six speed auto with steering paddle shifters rocks. The car looks like an upscale Audi and the price I paid was ridiculously low.

Panoramic sunroof, upgraded stereo, and paddle shifting on the steering wheel.

Style. Very little road noise. Decent power.

All the extras! Manual shift for that extra experience. Handsfree calling right in the steering wheel, Body styling. Performance and comfort. 6 CD's, MP3 input, auto volume control. Panoramic sunroof, ambient night lighting.

Interior lighting is incredible, especially at night. Great sound system and information center. Plenty of back seat room with adjustable back seat head rests.

Just about everything. I'm not kidding, the car is sweet with great power

European-looking exterior w/chrome accents.Cassy wood grain interior w/comfortable leather. Nice 18" wheels (rims-not covers) Sunroof and 6 CD changer. Smooth, quiet ride, but still powerful. Comes with OnStar system.

Engine, transmission, sound system, and a great looking Morocco Brown leather interior.

My favorite features are the sound system, the 18 inch rims, the peppy engine, solid suspension, all the chrome and the overall styling. The car is a absolute dream.

Styling, power, and comfort

Quiet cabin, strong acceleration, smooth ride, great looks

Interior finish. Contemporary exterior styling. Tight quiet ride. Dashboard and interior lighting, trunk space. Great pickup in town and on the highway.

Look, power, design of interior, quiet and comfortable ride.

I love the cruise control and the pick up power when needed

Autostart, power, interior, exterior look.

Outside looks. Heated seats. 

I love the interior leather, the sun roof and very good air conditioning system. The stereo is nice when it works, the OnStar the same. Seats are comfortable for us short people, has a sleek look, digital display with messages regarding oil, temperature, gas, etc..helpful.

The night time driving feel, it has a perfect blend of illumination in the interior. Also very roomy.

OnStar, engine power, interior, adjustable pedals, exterior look

The look, but that is it.

Styling, powertrain

We love the appearance, exterior and interior, the acceleration, which is available at any speed, and the comfort. Sound system is very good and OnStar is another favorite.

Excellent interstate manners; slient cabin, roomy trunk; OnStar; XM; very nice acceleration - even at high speeds; good gas mileage for a V-6; Value for money features - heated seats; sunroof; power seats all for under 23K.

Pamoramic roof, heated seats, great design inside and out. More unique than your average Camry or Accord.

Heated seat, XM radio, heated mirrors roomy trunk and back seat are all hits with me. I also like the way the truck lid is installed, there are no hinge bars going into the trunk limiting space on the side,they are on top of the body and do not take up space in the trunk. Love info center & wheel controls

Seat warmer,6 cd player, stablizer, leather seats, smooth ride and tight handling, love driving it. 

Acceleration. OnStar. Legroom front and rear. Huge trunk. Interior layout and design. Exterior styling.

I have one word for you.. heated seats.. I dont know what I ever did without them. I love how the rear seats have thier own audio so they kids could listen to thier own music while we drive. Also the dim lighting inside the car it extremely helpfull when driving at night, plus it looks cool!

Driveability 

Sharp exrerior design, quiet interior. good performance, excellent value for the price. Good service and follow-up from Saturn. 

Engine, transmission, handling, looks, OnStar, information center

exterior looks HP

OnStar. The dashboard at night

Styling, seat comfort, console layout, no real drawbacks except deciding which is favorite.

Exterior styling, 3.6L V6 with the oh so fun tap shifters, handling, XM radio, OnStar, leather seats

Suspension tune, engine power, paddle shifters, seats, and the thrill I get every time I get in it and go, even if it is just a mile to the grocery store. Most fun I have had on a mountain road since I sold my '72 240Z.

Heated seats, radio on steering wheel, and built in phone if you subscribe.

The look of the car.

it's comfortable, roomy and good looking

Fun to drive. Powerful engine and transmission. Many unique features for the money.

Paddle shifters, heated seats, performance. Lack of name badges. Everybody asks what it is..

Remote start, OnStar free for first year, interior/dashboard lighting, radio, stylish looking interior and exterior, smoothness of engine and ride, 18 inch tires.

It is a well constructed car and quiet. I like the get up and go this car has when I need it. My wife and I are both tall and we have more then enough room and room to spare.

I love the sleek exterior and interior design.

The powerful 252-hp 3.6L engine Secutiry of OnStar, free the first year. 

The engine. The responsive ride and handling. The safety features. XM radio and the stereo. 

Sunroof, OnStar, performance

Panoramic roof, remote start, OnStar, no-hands phone, steering wheel controls, lighting, leather, heated seats, alloy rims, quiet/safe ride, user-friendliness of everything!

Morocan Brown leather interior. All of the chrome details it has. The 18" wheels, and of course the sunroof.

My favorite feature is the XM Radio, 5 disk changer sound system. I can't get enough of XM. I'm also impressed with the interior room, particularly for a $25,000 car.

Love those 18 inch wheels, classy looking interior. Electronic stability control. Handles nicely on corners at speed.

XM radio, OnStar, sunroof, quality leather

Great car aside from the separating rocker panels. Fun to drive.

The best seat heaters of any car we've owned, excellent sound system, powerful smooth engine/transmission combo, exterior styling

TAPshift controls and the 6-speed

Drive. Looks. Price.

Stereo system, XM radio, trip computer, remote start, 18" wheels, LED interior lighting, quietness, ride quality, steering feel, tapshift and engine power.

My favorite feature wouyld have to be hte paddle shifters for the 6 speed transmission. I put the shifter in manual mode when I drive in the mountains. This lets me drop to 5th on slight grades and 4th on the steeper ones without having to mash the throttle going uphill or ride the brakes downhill.

OnStar, bluetooth tech

3.6L V6; 6-speed auto; interior controls, layout & quality of materials; roomy trunk; OnStar; XM radio; styling; handling; quiet ride. 

Brown leather seat, safety feature, power, style, radio, and a lot.

OnStar, engine-transmission, interior treatment, entertainment system, handling, traction control and stability control, heated seats and comfortable leather seating, good leg- room

Cruise control, XM radio, OnStar

Comfortable seating. Smooth and powerful ride. OnStar service/phone. Stereo/mp3 player, leather seating, sun/moon roof, remote start, auto to manual tranny shift. 

None

Powerful engine, great looks, large trunk space, easy to use controls, heated seats, leather steering wheel is very comfortable to hold onto, panaromic sunroof is a focal point to everyone that gets in

I like the XM radio

I like the sliding armrest. 

The "creature comforts" that are standard make life much easier! The Driver info screen, automatic on and off lights, the sterring wheel mounted cruise and audio controls are also standard! Dosen't look or feel like a base model.

Engine performance is great (if it can be chipped, the horsepower can be rasied to 270; let's not forge that this is a Cadillac engine); braking, handling and appearance are superb. Many think this is a European car. I look forward to the heated leather seats in winter. The AC is fabulous. 

The car's sophisticated stying and finish, smooth ride, great power, and the feeling of the steering wheel. Also, having a superb midsize sedan while also not being like every other household on my street that has an Acura TL/TSX (Did I mention I think it's the best kept secret in town?). 

V6 is very fast

We love the attention-getting appearance, the ability to accelerate at any speed, and the dealer who goes way out of the way to make sure we're satisfied

Smooth quiet ride. Quieter than the E320. Interior with the Morocaan leather is beautiful, so are the 18" wheels. Performance and handling is good. XM and other audio features are great. 

Interior design and horsepower

The performance is great, smooth fast acceleration at any speed. The paddle shifters give you the best of both worlds Automatic and manual transmission. This is a sports car for a family man. A family car that is fun to drive not that you have to drive. 

Steering wheel audio controls, power leather seats, pick up, comfort and luxury at a fraction of the price!

Silent interior. Zippy engine

100,000 mile warranty a big plus, roominess

Without a doubt the ability to manually shift the 6 speed automatic transmission from the steering column. I also like the remote start feature.

The steering wheel looks great with a racer-car design while still having the control for cruise, info, and stereo. The 17inch twin-spoke rims look awesome compared to the XR's bicycle- spokes.

Interior and exterior styling, using my Verizon minutes fot the OnStar phone. Yes, you can! The upgraded stereo sounds fantastic.

