Nice car in general with solid performance. Great warranty!!!

Low on maintenance, base model well equipped.

Audio System sound great, the steering wheel controls are easy to use, comfortable ride, enough power for passing, and affordability.





Performance, Air, power amenities, fuel consumption, comfort, look of the car

the power and speed of the car



Gas mileage



Price first and above all. Shifter, wheels (look good for standard issue!), trunk space. 

Warranty, options, fit & finish. 4 cyl. has a lot of spunk in the low range and excellent mileage on the highway/Interstate

Dealer installed auto start; strong six cylinder. I opened this up on a trip south of Indy at hit 100 mph and nobody in the car could feel anything different.

The 3.3 V6. Plenty of power for city and highway. 17" wheels and tires. Moonroof. All around good looks.

Love the interior and it has a sharp looking exterior. I get a lot of complements on it. The numerous saftey features go all out. I am pleased with the gas mileage. I love the V-6 option. The other creature comforts are numerous and easy to find. Giant trunk. 

Safety standards:6 airbags, abs, traction control, electronic stability control. The trunk is gigantic, gas mileage is great, smooth ride, and overall excellent value. Highly recommended. 

Interior is very nice. Feels luxurious.

Good looking. Fast & smooth acceleration. Large trunk space. Comfortable interior. Very quite. 

All the safety features included as standard.

Warranty, price, roomy, safety, XM radio

Auto climate control, heated front seats, manual trunk release from the inside of the trunk.

The car has some great standard features, keyless entry, cruise control, Stability control, tire pressure monitoring and XM (which I never use, but if you like Satellite radio, there you go).

Cruise Control, nice sounding stereo, comfrotable seats, and 10-12 airbags that make me feel safe. Also comes stock with my favorite Michelin tires. It seems like lots of attention to quality components was paid when this vehicle was designed and built.

Powerful engine, smooth transmission, excellent driver view, very good build quality, generic/classic exterior look, value for money, automatic rear view mirror, Audio sound quality, Automatic climate control, big trunck, acceleration, ESP, ESP, ESP! Great feature! Can't live without!

i like the esc system the v6 that puts out as mouch as the 06 altima and the look.even if it does look like an accord but even better

Quiet,safety features,comfort,large trunk,radio&6 disk changer,headlights,

Safety - ESC, front/side/curain airbags are standard. Standard features - AC, CD, power windows/locks, cruise control Reliable - no probelms; my 2001 Elantra never had any problems with 100,000 miles. Warranty - 10/100 Good gas mileage.

Comfort, roominess, large interior and trunk capacity and the dashboard display is clear, easy to read.* Great pickup. The AC vents are well placed to provide all around good circulation especially since I live in Florida.

Auto dimming rear view mirror w/ digital compass gives a feeling of high quality, also the soft cloth lined in the glove box, center armrest and coin keeper are nice touches that add to the interior. 

The brake system.The shifttronic transmission.

10 Airbags, great mileage, good looks and so quiet. I love my XM !

Amazingly space efficient, smooth powertrain, great looking wheels and the performance/economy mix is about perfect. The warranty id great.

Quiet ride, very comfortable, very good fit/finish and CD has excellent sound quality for a factory installed system. Great warranty and roadside assistance. Excellent safety features included as standard equipment. Very good NHTSA ratings.

Looks, wide spaces.

Body style, great looker, interior appointments, AC freezes you out, interior and exterior quality is excellent. Love the engine and transmission too.

The look of the car, space inside, and affordable.

Very solid and quiet, awesome acceleration, luxurious interior that looks and feels expensive, dual exhausts.

Style, Strong engine and very fuel efficient, and safety features

Safety features and looks

ESC system is amazing - Car handles like it's on rails. Safety features. 

The car has excellent build quality, it is tight and quiet.

Powerful 4cyl engine. Smooth ride. Good handling. Good fuel economy. Nice looking.

There are many details within technical design of Hyundai vehicles today that appear to be cross of technology of the best and most expensive cars on the market today. One of the examples in new 3.3L V6 would be German engineering style cartridge easy accessible oil filter on top of the engine.

V6 and all the safety features that comes in standard option.

V6/transmission combo. Looks of the car. Very quite inside while driving. Drives like a more expensive auto. Space inside cab.

Quality of interior materials, lots of head & sholder room for my 6'2" frame. I can wear my western cowboy hat.

Look, V6 engine (thrust!), super smooth gear chnage, Manual shiftronic, Automatic A/C, Leather seats, Power steering (rev detecting), Moon roof, ESP, very quiet ride, 

GAS MILEAGE!!! XM Radio. Standard power features. (Seats, locks, windows, moon roof) Quiet on the hiway. No blind spots.

One touch power moon roof. Stereo sound. Auto headlamps. Leather steering wheel and shift knob.



Roomy interior, fold down rear seats, spacious trunk, plenty of storage area in console and several other smaller storage spaces for coins,sunglasses ect. The safety features of multiple airbags, 4 wheel disc brakes and ABS usually found in more expensive autos.

The whole vehicle is my favorite feature. It is a package that all cars should try to equal.

power everything......lots of air bags...roomy.....xm radio......good gas mileage....just love everything about it

Gives you a feeling of agility and powerful engine response. Soft leather and supportive seats.

all features are easily accessible for the driver.

Style. Great trunk space. Fun to drive, very responsive for a 4-cyl. Nice looking interior with wood-look trim. AC is excellent.

Electronic shift transmission

Handling performance, quietness, 

All the standard features are nice. 

XM, Powerful V6, Shift Tronic transmission for even more performance, roomy interior space. 

All the safety features that are optional or unavailable on others, big trunk

safety features, looks, trunk space, warranty

Love the in-dash six disc CD changer with MP3 capabilities.



Speed with no body sway during tight turns. East the highways miles up and spits them out. 

The 5 speed shift-tronic transmission with the 3.3 liter V6 is a excellent match, fast and smooth. The in-dash mp3 cd player is very intuitive and the sound quality is on par or better than sedans from other makes.

Quiet, smooth as butter, incredible handling, powerful. Great mileage. Very comfortable. Zero defects in 20,000 miles.

Everything.

All the standard safety features and the great fuel mileage is what sold us on the car.

Trunk space, standard safety features like the stability control and the quality of the interior very well done.

I love that most of the "features" are stock and not extras, as with most other cars. Most surfaces are soft to touch, sturdy, and wouldn't be out of place on a car costing twice as much. The climate control knobs are the best I've ever seen. I especially like the autostick in a base model. WOW.

Safety, performance, warranty.

XM radio, liveliness, comfort

the engine a 2.4 l4, it is so quiet. Really more then the accord engine was when i drove it. 

Leather Seating. Classy Interior, Well design for comfort. Lots of power when needed, couple with excellent road handling.

traction control and power drivers seat.

Smooth, velvety (but not boaty or floaty) ride; secure handling and road feel; roomy interior; a high driver's seat (like driving my old Caravan, or a compact SUV), controls located in sensible, intuitive places, extremely quiet ride (little wind or engine noise), roomy trunk & lined lid, XM radio!



Sound system, automatic climate control, sunroof.

Easy to drive. Like the overall styling. Sounds solid when you close the doors. 

Automatic air conditioning, 6 disc in-dash CD player, leather seats, steering wheel control for radio and cruise. 10 year warranty.

Unbelievable value! High quality and comfort. 37 mpg is great for 165 HP engine. Nice exterior. Above average built quality. Low wind noice even at over 70 mph. Air conditioner. Big trunk. Stable at high speed. Warranty. Go for it.

Ride, performance, loaded with features, silky smooth engine and transmission shifting.

Lots of trunk space. Rear seats fold down to accommodate long cargo. Pretty decent MP3 player. I love the automatic climate control, just set it and forget it. Leather seats, compass, auto dimming rearview mirror are pluses. Strong A/C performance is welcomed as I live is hot steamy Florida. 

XM radio, stability control, design.

Pretty decent MP3 player. I love the automatic climate control, just set it and forget it. Leather seats, compass, auto dimming rearview mirror are pluses. Strong A/C performance is welcomed as I live is hot steamy Florida. Heater on a rare chilly night doesn?t disappoint either.

I love the solid feel on the road and the handling. Fun to drive and I feel very secure. Very comfortable and more interior room than our Olds. 



I love the shiftronic and Electric Stability Control.... The trunk is huge.

the interior and the comfortable seats. i never feel the aches that i felt from our old car[98 escort wagon]after a long trip. in fact i feel refreshed! it is the safest car that i have ever owned and all the airbags are standard.



Roominess; Feel of the leather-wrapped steering wheel; Smooth and sleek gear shift; Huge trunk space; Luxury feel overall.

V6, traction control



The color, natural khaki, the 17 inch rims, XM radio. 

The sporty and comfortable ride

Interior space/rear legroom Keyless entry/alarm/power package all standard.

Stability + traction control + airbags come standart + ABS + the price for all that.

Pros: great features for the price of the car, heated seats, nicely appointed interior & good control & insrument layout,peppy but well apportioned accelerator,good exterior styling and body fit, roomy trunk, good ride (not too stiff, but good handling),nice little cubby holes for sunglasses, etc.

Great leather seats, warm seats good pickup, handles well

Looks & styling, the quick V6, 5 star crash test rating, overall value for the $



Price, looks, power, roominess, warranty. After 1996 Nissan Sentra I can feel the difference!

Interior space, power for a 4 cylinder and the refined feeling overall.



Exterior appearance is great and the trunk space is larger than I ever expected. Engine response is excellent. Driver and passenger comfort has been outstanding.

Engine power 34mpg on the highway.

Sunroof. Didn't think we would like it, but we do.

Interior room, smooth ride and body style.

Handling, quiet ride, stereo system, fit and finishl and that I saved a bunch of $$. 

Air conditioning, acceleration, smooth ride...heck whats not to love???



Nice sun roof, wish they had a convertible. Good size trunk and handles well in heat, ice and snow. 

I love dependability. I have own Chev & Ford before and had to have them towed and obtain a ride home to many times. I chose this instead of Toyota because of price so I have gotten a great value and dependability and comfort. This is a very good sedan that rides well on the rode.I like the trip computer

Acceleration. Great for getting on the highway or passing a slow-moving semi. Nice exterior. Good looking car.

Suspension Engine Stereo AC Ride Quality 

Quiet on smooth roads

cost and fuel efficiency





Smooth ride and quietness.

Handles well, plenty of highway passing power,quiet ride. Lots of trunk space.

All of them, especially standatd Vechicle stability control, traction control and full curtain side airbags.

All the available safety features come standard. Heated side mirrors. Excellent warranty and good service at the dealership. A very good deal for money despite minor things...very reasonable pricing.

Sleek body style, lots of inerior room. I know some reviews consider it a full size and I can see why

Seat warmers do a great job keeping your buns warm. Love the auto dimming rearview mirror. The black leather looks the best, IMO. Car looks more expensive than it really is, both inside and out. Love the fact that you won't see the same car as yours everyday, unlike a Toyota, Honda or Nissan.

V6. Native MP3 player in the stereo.



Climate control; stability control; comfortable/roomy.

warranty, quiet smooth ride, inexpensive, safe, Audi copied looks, great stereo, etc.........

Comfortable seats, nice adjustments on driver seat, great support. Feels like driving on a cloud, looks terrific, classy. Good pep for a 4 cyl.

Great safety features at an unbelievable price.



Love the interior design, its stylish and easy to manuever. 

To many favorite features to name. This is simply the best car I have ever owned! Plus the gas mileage it GREAT!



Comfortable seats, nice wheels, great sound system, sleek body style.

Power, handling, forward visiblity over hood, seats and materials are high quality, a list of standard equipment as long as both my arms, great nighttime lighting; thank god Hyundai did not equip this car with those stupid daytime running lights. Car has an overall solid, nimble feel.

V6 acceleration and quiet ride.

Steering wheel stereo controls, wood grain accents, and Shiftronic.

The auto head lights, there is also a lot of room in the back seat.

I like the 17" european style alloy wheels and the body style. The shiftronic tranny is nice but I'm not a kid anymore:)

Color, looks, pickup, comfort, 

Leather heated seats, 6 air bags and 

Great looking car and plenty of room. Great trunk space and folding back seats. Great warranty and safety ratings. I bought mine for $16500 plus tax which I thought was a great price. Handles very well, very smooth car around turns. Very easy to drive. Nice brakes. I like my trip computer.

Large trunk. Nice interior features.

Engine, comfort, styling, Infiniti sound.

The heavy "feel" on the road, it really hugs the road, feels safe.

love the cabin room and the interior finish is very nice.

auto headlights, auto climate control, all the neat little storage compartments. roomy trunk. shiftronic. 

Good quiet at high speeds, fine pickup with the engine, nice styling, great fit and finish, big trunk and great interior space.

Styling - should be like new for many years, as compared to Chrysler, Nissan. 

 Stability control, leather seats, automatic drivers seat.

Very smooth, quiet ride with good performance and fuel economy for such a large and heavy car using the 2.4L 4 cyl engine. My car said on the door for overall gross weight: 4,299 pounds and yet you do not feel the engine starving for power(162HP). Hyundai is showing awesome commitment to quality.

Quiet. Cabin is just as quiet as the three infiniti's I owned. Engine noise is louder than Q45 and I30 but not offensive. Handling is better than the '05 Toyota Avalon I owned. No rattle or squeak.

wife loves the sun-roof. but we both love the quietness and smoothness of the ride. lots of room.

Standard Safety features. Premium sound system with mp3 decoder. Luxurious interior. Much quieter than Accord, and only slightly noisier than Camry. Excellent eye catching exterior look. Good driving height (like Van or SUV). Great 10 yr powertrain warranty. Best Value for Money in the class.

Relatively fully features; heated leather seats, tilt/telescope wheel, etc. etc.

The power is very impressive and I was pleased with the gas miliage. The car is very quiet on the road and the automatic climite control is execllent. 

Smooth, powerful engine, quiet and roomy interior, good equipment level at bargain prices, big trunk, impressive safety features and crash tests, warranty.

Electronic Stability Control, ABS, Traction Control, Engine, Color Quality!!!!

Driving this car is a thrill due to the V6. 



All the features. Stereo sounds great the controls on the steering wheel. Very comfortable seeting all around. Very quiet and no vibration. Remote entry is new to me, heck it's all new.

Grey interior w/ metallic trim. Shock-sensitive head rests. Nice cockpit design. Good arrangement of controls. No trunk lid supports into the trunk. No manual support for hood opening. 

Roomy back seats, spacious trunk, value (size, side curtain airbags, ABS, TCS for a price that trumps Camry or Accord) and good mileage for a car of this size, 

 Quiet comfortable ride, roomy interior, very good radio sound, rich looking upholistry, heated side mirrors,large trunk, doors lock automatically when you reach about 15 mph. split rear seats, Well equipt with lots of standard features. Price

heated seats and mirrors, vallet key, solars glass, leather interior, v6 engine, inside and outside appearance, and I can go on all day.

Power driver's seat Heated side-view mirrors Traction assist Smooth ride Quiet ride

Moonroof, leather, 17" aluminum wheels, in the dash 6-CD changer, automatic climate control.

Roomy, comfortable, ergonomically convenient front cabin; mid-size body with full-size front and rear interior room plus large trunk; long warranty; good looks; very reasonable price.

Infinity CD changer, auto headlight, style inclusive of euro wheels. Car is quiet and fast

Excellent road grip, thanks to its sophisticated suspension with advanced traction control system. Sports car like performance! 0-60 in 6.7 seconds! 

Excellent interior (quality of the material used as well as Lexus like fit and finish) quiet ride!! (It is like a Lexus). ride quality(Again, you will feel that you are driving a 40 50K car)

gas milage / over all quality

Styling.

great pricing, orginization, space, Our sun/moon roof, comfortable seats, c.d. player, actually everything rocks! Those are just a few of my favorites.

Large cabin, comfort and acceleration.

Roomy and comfortable interior, good looks, smooth ride, ABS, ESC, TC, and 6 Airbags standard. 

Exceleration and V6 feel...Very quiet and maintains reliability in all traffic

Roomy interior, smooth ride.

Never had a car that the doors closed without slaming. This car is the best we have ever had!

gas economy, large trunk and interior space and warrenty.

Love the leather and climate control. The quiet, smooth ride is something we have lived without for 6 years in the Contour. The Infinity Sound system is very nice, but runs out of steam at higher volumes. Oh...and really love the way it looks.

Rides like a luxury car. Looks great. 

None in particular, I just love the power and refinement!

Tight handling and comfortable seats

Auto Dimming Mirror, 6cd changer in Radio, Sunroof, Radio controls on steering wheel, Big trunk, great handling and 6 cylinder has plenty of power. electric seat. The aqua blue color is a standout.

10 year warranty (instead of 3) V6 w/235 HP Full curtain side airbags Vechile Stability Control Traction Control Full power Sun roof Alloy wheels Great interior fit and finish More interior space than accord or camry 





MP3/CD audio, A/C, heated seats, auto dimming, heated side mirrors. Outside temperature, driving time( how long you have being driving), climate control.

Driving controls, radio and MP3 control at steering wheel, big and comfortable seats- 

none

The Select Shift Manual is great, love it!

power, fun to drive

Exterior styling. Great stereo. Logical placement of all dash controls. Value...

I really don't have a favorite feature with this car. 

Ride is good, sound system is great but now I am not sure how many more "wear and tear" parts are going to fail - the ones not covered in warranty. I have taken extended 10 year bumper to bumper warranty but not sure whether that would be useful as claims could be denied!

XM radio

style,size,power,safety features,warranty

Acceleration (V6), overall quality (inside and out), not bad MPG, all major safety features are standard. Bottom line is - this car is really a good bang for your buck. 

Powerful 4-cyl engine. Nice radio and control location. Comfortable ride. Huge trunk.

Amazingly logical temperature controls.

nothing

The powerful 4 cylinder engine, and I do like where the radio and air vents are. The radio sounds good, the car looks awesome, and the feel of the wheel is great.

The quality and value of the entire car really, except for one important safety feature (see below).

Crazy takeoff, silky smooth V6, refinement, safety features

Leather interior with heated seats (remember the record snowy winter). Quiet cruising on the highway.

As stated, plenty of trunk space and rear seat legroom. 

The most things that I love about the car is my XM-satelite radio and the cd player, they both come in handy on long trips.

Great sound, quietness in the front, smooth ride, seat adjustments, spaciousness, huge trunk, fold-able backseats, good performance, excellent comfort. Leather on the steering wheel and shift knob.

The safety features are great, because we have changed from an SUV Trailblazer to this smaller mid-sized car. The seats are A#one. We actually feel safer in this Sonata than we did in that heavier, higher automobile. I can fit my large walker in the enormous trunk. the improved mpg is "fun", also.

Acceleration (V-6), good looks, comfort, spacious interior, strong A/C, excellent sound system, reliability, refinement.

The look is very rich looking. 

Power & suspension and quality of workmanship

Sleek modern design. 4 Cylinder is quiet, smooth, and feels like a V-6. It also gets 10-12 mpg more than our former Lincoln. Sunroof and stereo are great. I like The front end and rear lights arrangement better than competitors. Standard 16" Michelin tires are great.

Just the over all driving experience all together. I have drove it on several long trips and loved every mile of it. 



Excellent travel/business vehicle! XM (every car I get will have it!), safety features, stability control and traction control in the snow!, discreet but sharp looks, lack of unscheduled service (except for headlights), I've been impressed with the car so far.

Interior room.

quiet engine, nice body styling & has the best air conditioner I`ve ever had. 

Roomy interior, good features (auto head lamp, heated mirrors, auto temp control, electronic rear view mirror, heated seats, remote entry & alarm, etc.), sporty look, powerful engine, relatively quiet cabin (road noise not noticeable till ~50mph), & good sized trunk

Safety Features, MP3 player, Built-in XM, Interior space.

In this car I have found an affordable way to have my moonroof, XM radio, 17in. wheels and plenty of get up and go. The gas mileage is not bad either.

I love the 8 air bags for safety and very good sound system for a car in this class. Nice interior good fit and finish.

Moon Roof, color, smooth ride

I love the MPG when traveling. The trunk is huge for a sedan. It is very comfortable when on a long trip.

Looks nice.

engine power

XM radio, multiple standard airbags

safety features, warranty,quiet cabin, build quality,"price".

Styling,spacious trunk,fog lights



Quiet, smooth, excellent safety, superb brakes, interior, exterior.....pretty much like it all

Acceleration, handling, outstanding brakes. Very responsive.

Hood, trunk, wheels.

Love the Interior Design 

Safety, comfort, heated seats

leather, bang for buck, gas economy, smoothness.

Quality, power, style, and beauty.

Space and style

Smooth, quiet ride, good traction and stability.

Acceleration, trouble free, warranty, quality, automatic up driver's window, 



The engine. Loads of power for slipping in and out of traffic. Great acceleration. The transmission is smooth and precise. The interior outv matches anything in its price range. Admiring surprized glances from other drivers. Great bang for the buck.

Gas mileage

Safety equipment, mirror with electronic enhancements, leather seats with warmers

Simple, intuitive controls. Great steering column controls. This is a very comfortable car, and despite some slightly cheap materials, feels and drives like the cars I learned in and loved, the 3000 pound mid-to-large sedans. The ride is solid, consistent, and fairly strong despite the 4-cyl.

I love the handling and power of this vehicle. It has enough power to get out in traffic when needed! The stereo system is very good!

V-6 power plant 17' wheels sunroof spoiler which i had put on wasn't avail when i bought it heated seats are great in winter overall performance mileage smoothness comfort speed handling nice car for the money a great value

I like the fit and finish of the leather seats and of the paint. I also like the factory wheels, I have the Platnum ED, I like the small spoiler on the trunk lid it's a very nice looking car 

Style, interior control layout, 6 CD changer in the dash, great stereo sound, wheels

natural khaki color, interior room, looks/style, std and safety features, trunk, VALUE, VALUE, VALUE, for your dollar spent...this car is just a great deal, but better for long term owners like me (my history is 7-10 yrs) because of quicker-than- Honda/Toyota depreciation. Awesome warranty, too. 

absolutely no problems... rattles, squeaks, warranty work... great factory stereo, not only is fast, but is extremely quick too! Lots of storage. Cavernous trunk

Body style, power, handling, and price 

Acceleration and overall fuel mileage. Smooth ride. Engine noise is not detectable when the car is at idle. Great warranty.

Well appointed and tight interior. Lots of thought went into it.Comfortable drive. Bit softer ride than camry and altima.Very very quiet. More head and shoulder room than the other similar cars I drove.Has a big car feel. Also the 07 came with Michelins and mats which got dropped later.

The v6 engine, black leather interior, automatic sunroof, sound system.

PRICE, Spacious quiet cabin

Quality build, Value w/ a capital "V", V6 is smooth and silent / powerful. Decent MPG for a V6, Quiet ride, Great looking car w/ stock 17" Alloys and Michelin tires

'm having a lot fun with the XM radio. The handling and power of this V6 have been excellent, making a fun car to drive.

Favorite features are the six cd changer, the roomyness of the interior and also the power to get around whatever you have to pass.

Suggested Improvements

