speed, comfort, body style.

back and rear heated seats, hwy fuel, power

Engine, styling, engine, interior, and the Engine!

Leather/heated seats, sunroof, good visibility, XM, good engine power for passing, dual climate controls

5.3L V8, memory heated seats, tight turning radius, Bose stereo, smooth ride, quiet interior, solid construction, mechanical reliability, interior space, excellent brakes, quick acceleration with Active Fuel Management to save fuel.

Written by: 

Driver and Pass,Auto climate control rear seat climate control.XM radio rear seat pass,radio controls, heated leather seats and mirrors, traction control,Auto dimming rear view mirror with compass.Trip computer and steering wheel controls.Fog lights turn signal lights mounted in mirrors. 17" rims 

The turning radius is EXCELLENT for the size. The styling is great and it's very confident in snow and ice, even when left in 2wd.

Power, engine sound, handling, overall performance, Bose is good, thought it would be better though, heated seats, navigation, roomy trunk space 

I love the dual climate control, and rear for rear seat passengers. The seat warmers are awesome in cold weather. 

XM radio. OnStar. Acceleration. Build quality.

Style, ride and economy of this size SUV

Leather heated seats, good visibility. Good power on demand. Firm brakes.

Interior cleanliness, reliablity, great comfortable seats.

Steering, ride quality, looks, performance, push of the button lumbar support, interior looks

Really enjoy the leather and sunroof as well as the XM radio. The 4-wheel drive feature is easy and convenient to use. I find it quite comfortable for long trips.

Seats - suede and leather. Little badging on the exterior. Gets plenty of looks. Good acceleration, just not up to par with V8 sports cars.

4WD

Wheels and tires, comes with 17 inch standard

Heated seats.

LS2, Eaton rear diff., superduty transmission, etc.

395 hp. Sporty looks. XM radio and hands off telephone. The SS interior, leather and suede is nice, it could be a little nicer with either some real wood or maybe sporty aluminum gages.

Leather heated seats, Bose stereo with multi cd changer

5.3L, Bose Stereo. 

Nice exterior, Bose sound system, XM satellite radio, OnStar is a great feature. Nice engine. Comfort seating, etc. I can go on and on.

The engine and the way it rides. The seats are much nicer than the 2004. I just think it is a great little car.

Sleek exterior. Looks great with the 20' wheels. Many compliments and always getting looks.

OnStar, Bose sound system, and the sunroof

Good looks. Accelerates like a champ. Can fit a lot of stuff especially with the seats folded. Roomy and rides great especially for long trips. 

AWD, Vette engine, OnStar, XM radio. A lot of fun to drive. 

The power

Satellite radio, strong motor, roomy interior, towing ability, turning radius.

Power. Style. Clean lines. Handling. Classy look, especially in black 

LS2 Corvette engine, Bose sound system, adjustable foot pedals, 20 inch chrome rims.

Appearance, styling, working power, roomy seats, and handling.

Sunroof, keyless entry, OnStar.

Bose sound system with OnStar. Spacious interior design

The dual zone climate control. I also like the new 4 wheel drive control.

Engine, 20 inch wheels, stereo,sound of exhaust.

Space and seats.

Hmm....i wish there were at least one...

Ride and sound system.

The power obviously! The value. Clean interior and exterior. Nothing gaudy about it. Info center is nice and so is air compressor. Too many things to list! So much for the money. It likes to accelerate 

The Corvette engine, the exhaust note. XM radio.

XM satellite radio, 18 inch rims, comfortable ride.

Bose system, stearing control panel for radio, large cargo area in back.

All around truck. Power. Smooth ride, handles well, nice inside.

Exterior, power, roominess

Heated seats, sunroof

Horsepower (LS2)! Heated leather seats. Rear seat DVD, 20 inch wheels. Driver Information Center, tire pressure monitor. OnStar liked to Verizon cell phone account for hands free calling.



Heated leather seats, XM radio, navigation system, rear seat heater (and ac), sunroof.

Wheels, power, room

Heated leather seats, sunroof, handsfree phone, memory seats

Just about everything, including the OnStar. You must get lost first to appreciate it.

Sunroof and 6 CD changer

Ease of driving/parking and the ride. The interior/ exterior is solid but not gaudy or flashy. The polished 18' wheels are worth the extra expense.

I meet with a lot of clients around town, love the NAV, but could use some more UMPH. Quick, tight steering, fast and overall I feel safe in it, like I am in control of the vehicle at all times unlike a lot of other SUVs.

Bose stereo. Leather seats. Chrome alloy wheels. Goodyear Forterra tires

Handling, power, looks, general comfort.

400 HP. Need we say more?

Speed. Acceleration. Looks

Easy to handle.

