V8 power, reasonable fuel economy, good driving position and stock stereo.

4WD is handy for back country usage. Towing capacity is nice. Very comfy ride for a truck. JBL audio system is nice. Like having the MP3 player plug, which I use with my Sirius Satellite radio.

Sunroof, rear window, curtain airbags, seats, shifter.

Rear quarter mirrors, roll down rear window, V8, mp3 input, full airbags, stability control, downhill assist. Bottle holders in all the doors

AWD, bright headlights, foglights, V-8 power, smooth transmission, pulling power, interior creature comforts

Smooth ride, quiet interior, luxury appointments, everything works!

All equipment is fairly easy to get to.

The smooth ride for an SUV! We get 19-20 mpg in the city & thats not terrible!

Style. Fair gas mileage. roomier than old 4Runners. Reliability.

Love the silky smooth 5 speed auto. Plenty of power. Nimble handling around town. Power rear window comes in handy for my Labs.



Roomy. I had leather seats put in (aftermarket), which my previous SR5 did not have and I like.

Exterior styling. The kids like the vent for the back seat heat & A/C.

The aux audio input and in dash MP3 player makes a fantastic 1-2 punch and make long trips easier. The sunroof is just the right size and the operation is smooth, fast, and quiet. The seats are exceptionally comfortable and supportive.

 I like the MP3 connection, the climete control, rear vents, the sporty look (SE model), the power, mpg I'm getting, the towing and more.

Tire pressure alert, instant gas mileage panel, handling, exterior styling

Drive comfort, engine power, exterior appearance. 

Height control, downhill assist control, brake assist, and the V8 engine. 

Sunroof, backup mirrors, safety features, stability and traction control. 

Fast acceleration when u need it, and the 4wd performance is awesome. At first it seemed acceleration lagged in response - but seemed to improve over time. Someone told me the shifting learns - maybe so. I like how it has been working for me over last 10k. 4wd is perfect. 

Nice level of standard equipment, even in SR5. Smooth ride. Surprisingly decent fuel economy, off-road ability. Base stereo isn't bad either. V-6 gives effortless power.

The look! It's tough and yet elegant -- perfect blend. Auto headlights, blue tooth, navigation placement with touchscreen. Unbelievably quite ride, even with sunroof open on freeway. Storage area perfect. Interior quality and look, sound system, everything!

Ride, electronic rear hatch closing, style, air conditioning/heater controls excellent, plenty of space.

Lots of torque! The nav, Bluetooth and rear camera are fantastic. 

Ride, not excessive with small cute details that won't work after a while, handling, and of course, the look. And it goes almost anywhere, great for car camping!

Truck looks sharp and can carry what I require.

Impressed how it towed my 22' boat better than my v8 Grand Cherokee. Transmission is silky smooth. LED tail lights. Tail gate lock pulls the hatch in softly. 

This vehicle handles very well. It is heavy enough to feel solid, yet light enough to drive like a sports car. I feel very safe in the is vehicle both in town as well as on the open road.

The moonroof, traction/stab control, comfort, sound system, the rugged sexy look. Almost too many things to list. I can almost hear the vehicle just begging to go drive over a mountain.

Handsome interior, exterior, smooth ride, great ground clearance, six speaker stereo rocks, decent gas mileage, Superb v6 engine that can tow up to 5000 lbs. 

The power, smoothness, and quietness of the V8. Impressed with how good the gas mileage is for the size (getting 18-24 mpg). 

I researched this SUV for several months and I must say that every aspect of it is my "favorite."

Moonroof, back window, design.

Interior and exterior styling, heated seats, lots of torque.

Rugged look, superior reliability.

Sun roof and heated seats; also the auto-climate controls work great!

Power, upgraded stereo, towing capability.

I look forward to the trouble free maintenance and I enjoy the improved gas mileage over my Land Rover. Like iPod jack and tire monitor. 4Runner accelerates well but red lines if you?re not careful.

Navigation system, exterior styling, comfortable leather seats, climate control is very intuitive, interior materials are of good quality.

Multi-informational display, build quality, ride quality, steering wheel audio controls and mileage.

The V8 engine, exterior and interior looks.

We love the exterior style, along with the quality and safety of the 4Runner. The moonroof has to be one of our favorite features and we rely on the outdoor temperature gage. The onboard fuel gage is neat as it monitors miles per gallon and can tell you how many miles are left in your tank.

Great, great ride, especially for a truck! Good gas mileage for the size/power. Plenty of power, and plenty of room in storage area. I've got the Sport Edition, and I really like both the exterior and interior styling. All of my neighbors have come by to tell me the same thing! I have Shadow Mica.

Handling. Reliability. Sunroof. Leather interior. Interior comfort. Low road noise.

Interior fit and finish. Quiet. Plenty of power. Transmission is close to perfect. Roomy. Didn't want 3rd seat, nice to have it as an option.

Seats are more comfortable. 5 speed auto is a real improvement, JBL synthesis sound system is outstanding. Power is more than enough, and exterior styling is great!

Radio controls at my finger tips on the steering wheel. Also, I love the way the interior looks, the instrument panel, etc. Rear window rolling down!

Engine and transmission torque, power delivery and smoothness; superb intuitive navigation system. The 4Runner performed superbly in a protracted snow/ice accumulation we had during the winter. The large exterior mirrors really provide good rear visibility regarding adjacent vehicles.

17 inch wheels, acceptable road noise, automatic rear window, self adjusting radio to compensate for noise level, estimated mileage of fuel in tank - 445 miles when full.

Good trunk room, good quality and good price. Love the dark tinted windows.

Reliability and able to attain very high mileage. Moonroof is my favorite feature.

Like the large cargo area, towing ability, sunroof and handling.

Seat comfort and legroom for a tall driver.

Just about everything.

It looks amazing in black with the spoiler. Interior quality is fabulous. Love the space. Rear and front entry is easy. The drive! It's like a car! Can take regular OR premium fuel. Nav, blue tooth, too much more to list! Love it.

We have a bull mastiff (150 pounds of dog) and the rear cargo window goes down allowing him to get fresh air without going blind looking out a side window. 

All wheel drive.

Towing performance.

Ride quality and handling are very good for this type vehicle.

Power, heated leather seats, stereo control location, steering wheel mounted controls, smooth powerful acceleration, almost car like.

Exterior styling, moon roof, stereo, solid smooth ride! great rims and tires.

Styling, smooth ride, powerful V6, no rattles, good brakes, projection beam headlights, huge sunroof, easy fold rear seats.

Horse power and torque.



Too many to decide right now, it's just a very good vehicle.

Rear vents. Rear side air bags. Back shelf. Leather heated seats.

The hood scoop and the overall general outside design, good looking and overall useful, the clearance.

Stereo controls on steering wheel, mileage range computer, two tiered deck in rear cargo area.

Fit and finish is superb, bullet proof reliability, smooth gear shifting, very quiet interior. Ride and comfort is excellent, dash layout is excellent and tilt/telescopic steering wheel accommodates all size drivers. Oil filter and drain plug location is very very convenient for "do-it-yourselfers".

Sunroof, handling, power, comfort, and 4x4 capability

4WD system, ride, handling, fit and finish, V6 has good power and acceleration, moonroof, key fob that opens rear window, and daughter loves the hidden cup holder and fold out tray.

Back window can be controlled without opening door, looks great with leather addition, very sporty. Great for soccer moms.

Everything.

I like the back windshield wiper, the cargo area tarp, and the extra voltage outlet in the back. Also, the center console storage area is deep, and includes a coin sorter/holder. The stock radio is decent also, however, I think my speakers could be bumped up. I like to crank it sometimes.

auto locking

Ride, color, 17 in wheels, superb v6, that Toyota truck feel, excellent gas mileage for an SUV, and it's got the best sunroof I've ever had - big, quiet and useful. 

Moon roof, 4WD, side curtain airbags, sound system, kids love the pull down tray and cup holders in the back seat!

It looks just like a Lexus

