Sound system, handling, 17" wheels, interior layout(The analog clock for the SEL is a particularly nice touch). Ford's extended warranty and pre-paid service plan(Though I haven't had any maintenance issues yet, the extended warranty and service plan are a great peace-of-mind).

?????

Styling is excellent esp. with the 17" wheels. Sound system is also quite good. Leather seats are comfortable.

What I like best about the Fusion is the fact that there are many after market accessories. Chrome galore, the list goes on. The seats are very comfortable and have so many seating variations that sometimes I feel as if I am driving a different vehicle from time to time. Styling is fantastic!

AWD (excellent for the winter), 6 Disc CD, Aux input location, handling, ride.

Ride, power, handling, look, trunk space(I can fit my long board in the car by folding down the back seat and passenger seat which is pretty impressive, reliability, fit and finish.

Comfort of seats. Sit up high and have good visibility. Fun to drive. Leather package is the cats. 

AWS, V6, 6 speed auto transmission, Sound system, AM/FM/6Disc CD/MP3.sirus, Cold weather package, storage areas. 17" wheels.

Sunroof, seats/ergonomics, styling, compliant ride quality.

Toyota corolla build with muscle. A good parent that is senior citizen that travel on around pearland. 

Mileage! I get 17-18 city 19-21 highway. Side curtian airbags, traction control, ABS, 

6 CD MP3 radio, appearance package, ride and handling

Bold styling, quick V6, comfortable seats, excellent handling and braking, color (Redfire Metallic).

6 disk in-dash CD player. Information center timers and mileage. Seats are very comfortable. Very smooth ride

Ride, good seats and lumbar support, steering response, roadholding ability, agility, transmission plus good get up and go. Pleasure to drive.

Handling, ride quality, styling, fuel economy, interior space and comfort. This car proves that domestic car companies can make the best vehicles. I will always bleed Ford blue because of this car!

My favorite features are the six speed automatic transmission, and the powerful V6 motor.

All options and interior comfort. 

The smooth ride is by far my favorite feature. Also I love the carbon fiber around the CD player.

SEL package has nice interior and wheel upgrades.

Handling, style a car that actually came with good tires as oe

Bold styling. Comfortable ride. Superb handling. Intuitive dash layout. Perky performance. Nice sound system with six CD changer. AWD. Superior climate controls. Fit and finish. Huge trunk with no annoying hinges to intrude.

Ride, power, braking, cornering. Look of vehicle. 6 speed transmission very smooth. 17" wheels, Michelin tires, Redfire paint. Front grille and lights. Trunk access, interior room, steering wheel feel, paint/finish quality, SEL chrome finishing touches, radio stays on after turn off engine 

Info panel, tires and handling, trunk space, highway mpg, mp3/iPod input, spring-loaded folding rear seats, fog lights, interior seat comfort, in-dash 6-CD changer, spoiler, clear rear tailights, etc. 

Steering wheel controls everything. Climate, radio, cruise control. Heated seats, ABS brakes, 6-speed tranny. 

Quiet, comfortable ride. Excellent standard stereo.

Exterior styling is beautiful. The dark blue color is perfect. The interior is great. I love the steering wheel. It is great. Integrated keys are great too. Lumbar power driver's seat is great. I love the exterior and interior.

Exterior profile, chrome grill, quad headlights, interior sporty feel of futuristic cars.

Love the shifter and tranny. Kids love the Sirius radio and MP3 jack is very cool. My 14 year old wants this to be his first car in 2 years!

Great ride and handling. Terrific sound system. Interior and exterior styling.

Climate control a/c and heat. 6-speed transmission. The standard features.

Heated seats, stereo, courtesy outside lights below outside mirrors. 

The styling is bold and beautiful and the car handles as if it were on tracks. The creature comforts are outstanding and numerous. This feels like a much more expensive automobile. It had a MSRP of $27,105 as equipped.

Value seems extremely good. Great handling. Sense of secure driving at all speeds. Classy appearance inside and out. Would buy again. 



Nav system is better than my 06 Navigators system! Upgraded sound system is powerful.

Handling is by far my favorite feature. This car is very fun to drive. Also very impressed with fit/finish and price. The exterior styling is quite different, which means I get lots of stares. The dark amethyst color is absolutely beautiful.

Leather seating, heated seats. Also like the full side air bag and Audiophile sound system.

Interior design is great: simple, clean and neat. Sound system, 6 disc CD/MP3 player, information center, the steering wheel is also my favorite. Did I say that? Great gas mileage: 27/35 MPG! My colleagues love it, even a stranger in parking lot stopped me and told me it looked so nice. Oh, satisfied.

Quiet drive and stock stereo rocks. The V6 is really worth the extra money. 

AWD, huge trunk, good looks.

The six gears,heated leather seats, exterior design are the highlights.

Steering wheel radio and cruise controls, speed compensated sound, nice stereo, cup holders and compartments everywhere, standard iPod jack, trip computer with average MPG, trip times, lets you know when a headlight is out, smooth ride, excellent gas mileage, peppy 4 cylinder, very nice!

The exterior stands out and makes this car unique in its class. All the Japanese imports look alike and frankly they all need ground effects to be noticed. The Fusion looks strong, sleek and husky with out ground effects. Nice wheels, spoiler, grille and lights. Nice interior, a huge step for Ford.

Best thing about this car is that it is fun to drive. Has lots of trunk room and plenty of room for in passenger compartment. Stick shift makes it even better.

Appearance package. Car handles great. Good mileage and should get better. IPod jack. Good size trunk.

AWD, 6 speed auto trans, attractive grille, 6 disc mp3 CD, line-in jack for iPods and the like, tilt and telescoping steering wheel, comfy seating, trip computer with MPG calculator, gigantic trunk with concealed hinges that don't steal usable space, pop-down rear seat levers in the trunk.

Trunk space and power.

The seats are very comfortable. I recently drove about 800 miles in one day and was not stiff or tired at the end of the trip.

Cruise, power locks, interior and exterior design. Sharp!

The message center giving me useful information about lights being burnt out, the MPG rating. The layout of the interior is designed where I want everything, I wouldn't change it.

The display for MPG, distance to empty, trip time, trip distance, etc. Very helpful when I'm driving up and down the 5. Also, the moonroof is a great addition, although may not be worth the extra $600. 

Fold down rear seats, fuel economy, good factory stereo (mid level upgrade), styling and the lumbar support.

AWD/handling styling/grille. Well balanced all around. Good value for money.

It doesn't have those stupid "Objects in mirror may be larger than they appear" jive etched into the mirrors. (OK, seems picayune, but I'm glad they got that out of their system). Engine cooling and AC are very good. Plenty of room front and rear. Large trunk space. Has telescoping steering wheel.

Interior room, trunk space, quality of construction, smooth powertrain performance.

I like smooth ride, leather interior, storage compartments. The key FOB is really neat. Audiophile system is a must!

Interior and exterior design, gas mileage, stability, THE RADIO SYSTEM! (no need to buy aftermarket-subs built in).

Looks it draws, front end styling, acceleration.

Gas mileage, styling, interior design, 6 disc CD/MP3 player, cargo room, handling, and many more.

I love the styling. I bought a Merlot with black leather interior and I love the way the vehicle looks. My first time through a drive through I was asked about the car and that has never happened to me before.

Smooth ride, reasonable performance.

Gas mileage and interior room.

It is so cute! and the gas mileage is great!

leather seats with cloth inserts

the whole car

Styling, quality, handling, stereo, trunk, steering feedback, auto headlights, steering wheel controls, auto AC, storage cubbyholes, good size, Michelin stock tires,engaging driving, averaging 27mpg. This car also has this interesting character to it. 

-Ride quality. -Reliability. 

Comfort, styling, interior quality, gas mileage.

Comfortable seats, feel of fabric, quite ride, great mpg, handling, get up and go 4-cylinder!

the chrome grill, roomy interior, sun roof, 6 CD/MP3 in dash player, MP3 auxiliary jack, awesome sound system, on steering wheel controls, intuitive button layout, telescoping steering wheel, lots of storage space, huge trunk, fold down back AND front seat, in dash computer information. Everything!

MP3 Player, great stereo system. Overall look.

Legroom, MP3 CD changer, dual center console, steering wheel mounted audio controls, huge trunk. 

Leather interior, MP3 jack, satellite radio, over all look, heated seats, moon roof, HUGE TRUNK,driver seat fits well to contours of the body.

Mp3 player jack, Sirius Radio, Handling, Reliability, Leather seats, moon roof. Build Quality. 

style

MP3 aux jack, spoiler, leather seats and moon roof.

Of course the mp3 jack. sporty feel. best price in class, fuel mileage, and a very roomy interior (tall people can sit in the rear seats and not be cramped), and lots of trunk room. 5sp auto drops the rpms on the hwy to 2500 at hwy speeds.

6 disc CD audiophile interior (piano black) very classy MPG Lots of room for the entire family (great back seat room).

I really like the design and it is good on fuel mileage. This car does handle very well in heavy rain and seems to be balanced so there is no hydroplaning.

Huge trunk. Spacious back seat for the kids and friends. Six disc CD player with controls on the steering wheel.

It's fun to drive. We like the overall appearance. And plenty of legroom which is hard to find in a midsize car. The 4 cyl engine is impressive. This was a well thought out car. And the stereo sounds awesome for a factory unit. If you are looking for a new vehicle, don't overlook the Fusion. 

Engine, comfort, gas mileage, looks

Sync option. Audio system. Handling and suspesnsion. Fuel economy. Styling.

Styling. Great sound system. Handles great!

Aux input for my iPod, analog clock, no crappy fake wood if you go with the black interior, and seats are relatively comfortable

Favorite feature is the is AWD, interior is roomy with ample storage, interior/exterior finish is excellent. Very quiet reliable ride. Six speed transmission is very smooth, glad I waited for 2007 for the 6 airbags. Good looking stylish car. 

Suggested Improvements

6 disc CD / MP3 sound system; power features; very good fuel efficiency; 

Steering CD/radio controls, satellite inputs. Variable intake valving (plenum?), eliminates the sluggish HP curve at 1500-3000 rpm. Winds out good for 4 banger. Scotch guarded seats.

Great looks, awesome wheels, decent stereo, roomy trunk.

Exterior looks great! Drives great! Multiple MP3/CD player sounds great! Comfortable and manueverable!

Design, comfort, sound system

Lumbar seat, ease of handling, style, peppiness ( those 4 cylinders relly move) Just love everything!

Smooth V6. Solid fuel economy. Great seats. Solid upgraded factory stereo with Sirius, excellent build quality. Sharp styling.

Superb reliablity! What a peace of mind it is to drive a durable car. Maroon color! Overall quality, low fuel consumption, styling. Practical, fun to drive, looks sharp, spacious and comfortable. 6 disc changer, auto climate control, rear legroom, Michelin Pilots as stock tires. No rattles, clunks, or squeaks.



Handling is great. My wife just loves the heated seats and I love the climate control.

I absolutely love the analog clock! I love it when people are riding in the car and go, "Where's the clock?" I also love the stereo - good sound for no extra money, and the fact that it plays MP3s is great.

Rides nice and handles great. My wife just loves the heated seats. It has auto everything, climate control, lights, and rear view mirror. I just worry about the song on the radio.

Fold down passenger front seat and rear seats. I could get 12' trims and 2x4 into my Fusion easy. Power and quietness is the best.



Styling, appearance but most of all the awesome handling! 

Powerfull motor, great stereo, comfortable and affordable.

The comfort, power, handling, and style are very good.

6-disc CD player, controls on the steering wheel, all-wheel drive.

Nice styling, comfortable seating position, peppy I4, manual transmission.

Huge trunk (and back seats fold down too - if needed). Easy to reach storage compartment on dash is very handy. Height and lumbar adjustment for driver's seat. Cruise and radio controls on steering wheel. Two-tiered armrest storage compartment. Exterior looks cool, yet grown-up.

Ride, 50 and up power, sound system, most of all, looks.

I can't name just one favorite feature! I love the six disc changer, the buttons on the stearing wheel, the Sirus radio, the huge trunk, all the airbags, the fact that it locks by itself when in drive...oh the list could go on and on!

The mp3 input, satellite, overall looks. Performace. Interior.

6 disc CD player, carbon fiber dash panel, good sport suspension and the back seat console my kids love it.

Gas mileage, comfort, safety features, performance, appearance.

I like that the headlights go on when I hit the unlock button on the key. The fold down seats are also nice. The MP3 hookup and tons of storage compartments are also great to have. My friend has an '06 Honda and always complains that his car has none of the cool features.

Value (excellent pricing) for a very nice car that has: V6, AWD, ABS, traction control, fog lamps, alloy wheels. Perfect car size

Power, exterior looks and handling. White stiching on the leather seats is a nice touch. 

Exterior styling. Exquisite handling, sticks to road. MP3/Sirius standard. The feeling that you're driving a luxury car. Quietness. Price is unbeatable in its class. Interior is large yet the car remains sleek looking and doesn't look like a 'bubble' on wheels.

Sirius satellite radio, IPOD jack, ABS, traction control, moonroof, heated leather seats, handling. Fuel economy when I ease off the accelerator a bit. Beautiful black finish. 6 speed transmission.

MP3 connection, steering wheel controls, built in satellite radio, climate control

Audiophile stereo, heated seats, Sirius satellite, 221hp. V6, handling, driveability, reliability

Sound system. Fold flat front seat. 6 standard air bags 

I love everything about this car.

6 disc changer, fog lamps, Class exclusive 6 speed automatic transmission.

Great responsiveness, great looks, nice stereo in the upgraded SE. Plenty of power to weave and pass.

Exterior styling, smooth transmission, AWD handling. Interior layout. Am getting 21 mpg, which is pretty good since I'm trying to adjust to an automatic tranny after 16 yrs. of driving vehicles with 5 speed transmissions. 

Handling & performance is fantastic particularly in AWD model. It corners like a champ and is very solid in heavy rain (bring on the snow) The stying is impressive too - great looking car. One-touch sunroof controls. Multiple 12V power points a plus. Trunk very roomy. Instrument panel is attractive.

Sits high for its size, interior is very tasteful, smooth in every aspect, strong useful acceleration with the V-6 and the six-speed automatic.

6 Disc in dash and satelite radio. Great MPG, controls on the steering wheel. All of the air bags. Large trunk and large cup holders; perfect for traveling. The analog clock is a nice touch. 

All wheel drive, great handling and comfortable ride, good factory stereo sound, simple but clean interior design. 

V6 has reasonable power at a good price. Not quite a Mustang but it still moves when I accellerate. Heated leather and automatic AC.

Just the overall look of the vehicle.



AWD, avg 21mpg but it just begs you to floor it everywhere you go. Fast enough to be fun, but not so fast it's scary, and M3 it's not.

The design is one of the best that Ford has came out with in several years.

Chrome grille, clear taillights. Info panel, a/c and audio controls on steering wheel, audio input jack. Comfortable seats, white stiching for the black leather, fold down front passenger seat, key fob, roomy, audio system loads MP3 cd's and switches folders quickly. The engine!

The ride. 

Power, MPG, feature content, ride, comfort, price, style, thoughtful features. 

The way it drives with the 221 hp V6.

IPOD jack, Sirius satellite radio, power moonroof. Handling the twisties! The overall look of the vehilce. Quality assembly materials in the interior

The price. Aside from that, everything that was included standard on the S. AC Auto door locks/windows, keyless entry, CD/MP3 stereo (sounds great w/ only 4 speakers).

6-Disc changer, fog lamps

Very responsive, plenty of torque, at its best when driving in the higher rpms. Acceleration coming out of a curve is great, this car just hugs the pavement and wants to perform for you.

Style (outside and inside), mileage

Great handling,fully adjustable steering wheel. Like all the backlit buttons during night. The spoiler is a must - it frees up the backwindow view, is not flashy, and has LED lights! The Auto Climate control is great as are SEL steering wheel controls.

