none at this point

Love the ride and drive.

Never have to worry abut the weather; resides in Northeast PA and travel for my job.



Exterior styleing,bright headlights



All time 4WD, Suspension ~ keeps the stiff Jeepiness feel. (2) troughs on the hood, (7) spokes on the grill... Less rear transfer case slap, but still there

Like the exterior design and driveablity on snow.

none

gets thru the snow wonderfully!! reversible carpet/plastic tray in rear is very convenient.

Love the lumbar support in the driver seat. It makes such a difference if you have back problems.

The power, the options, mine was loaded. the radio was amazing. People say that is gets bad milage but power like this it is worth it. 

Turning radius, and smoothness of the ride. I also love the large side mirrors!



Lots of style, great stereo system- I love the fact I can play cd, mp3 plus plug in my ipod, easy controls, traction control is great.

auto start

Power and handling.

I missed the "old" Jeeps - the new versions quality don't compare.



I love the ride, smooth like a Cadillac, the interior room,styling, gas mileage is great, power, drivers seat comfort.

Smooth, quiet performance with good gas mileage on the road. Very comfortable front seats. Made for hard work. Excellent sound system.

power seats, heat seats, leather seats, fog lights, moon roof, steering wheel controls, Sirius Radio, aux jack, rear air, loads of cargo room, design. It's a great vehicle so far!

They sold my on the exterior looks, I just which it was built as good as it looks. (From Toledo, Ohio...Home of the jeep...now I live in Clearwater, FL.)

Premium audio system w/ aux input, auto start remote, leather heated seats, smooth ride, full time 4x4, flip top storage in back, easy drop back seats, audio controls on steering wheel, lots of little storage areas all over, curtain air bags, look of vehicle, good wipers & fog lights.

I love Jeeps. This one has the best ride of all of them I have been in.



The 4x4 system, the comfortable ride, the look & the way it fits all of my needs from business to outdoors.

Good engine power, great for towing the boat, reasonable handling.

Appearance, Gas mileage is good 19-22 highway! Reliable in snow.



Ride, Build quality, performance.



Compartments! This was a big issue for me- None in the Sport. Leg room and L Foot rest. Head room! My husband is 6'3" could not drive the Sport. Love the room for the back seats, and they way they fold down. Map light, The Exterior and interior looks. The Spare tire out of the back window. 

Radio Heated Seats

E-85 is an excellent option. Around town I suffer no loss in fuel economy running it, but the mileage does suffer on the highway with E-85. Excellent ergonomics, everything is easily accessible and simple to use. Heated mirrors and heated seats are great in the snow! 

v8, Boston Acoustics Stereo, Heated seats, Auto stick automatic



Heated side mirrors, leather seats are comfy, excellent Mercedes transmission with autostick, perfect size, excellent turning radius, very comfortable road trip vehicle.

Fast, unique look, overall feel

The all wheel drive and the Boston sound/Sirius system.

Navigation but you can get that on any vehicle. Turning radius is good.

I love every feature on my Jeep. Despite the few issues I still wouldn't have bought anything else. 

Rides well. Very roomy.

The powerful hemi engine is fun to drive

Strong classic look yet luxurious appointments,elegant overall appearance. Many compliments from luxury SUV owners. They claim their suvs look nice but lack strong durability like the jeep. One person mention his BMX looked sissified compared to Jeep, the simple lines of the Jeep look strong!

Nice design and comfortable ride.

Sirius, two tone high end leather seats, 60/40 second row seating

Comfort, smooth ride, look, size!

glove box

Quadra-Trac II; Comfortable front seating; Exterior styling; Stance and firmness both on and off road.

Comfort, ride, size, looks

Refined ride, turning dynamics, and traction control. Jeep's famous "grip of the road" during poor driving conditions.

Autodim, HEMI, rain sensing wipers, interior, Sirius, ride 

Sat radio, tire monitoring. Heated seats, 4X4 on call all the time. 

Engine bay, wide tires, rims, and exhaust position.

That the vehicles true colors showed quickly! With The Dangerous Transmission Problems Recently W/ Cryslers Products & Mercedes Wanting To Sell Them Out Expect All Jeep Values To Decrease Even More So Then They Did In The Past! 

The Hemi, power seats, rain sensing wipers, auto hi to low beam headlights, the quality of the leather seats, quadra-trac II

Boston sound system with Sirius radio; heated seats with "Jeep" logo; sun roof

Road comfort much improved over 01 model Good visibility, esp rear vs bigger CUVs Power esp tow torque plenty good w/small V8 Fast heated leath seats (wife's pick), remote start & new hatch opener Engine accessable to service plugs, belt,batt,filter (bott cover for oildrain? LIFETIME drivetrain warr

Automatic windshield wiper system, GPS, engine performance

NAV System and Uconnect. Now anyone that has a cell phone can utilize a OnStar system without anopther phone number. This system allows you to use an existing cell phone through Bluetooth interface and drive hands free. It is part of the audio system. I love its convenience. 

Comfort and ride.

All wheel drive, sound system, styling, turning radius.

Power, comfort, standard features cover it all.

Navigation and Sirius Radio

Performance, performance, and performance in every way. Great sat nav. The 400 watt Boston Accoustics stereo is great. Seats are amazing. The mileage is awesome for what you get in return. 



Awsome Hemi. I also like the rear motion senser. The remote start is great and the memory for the the seats is cool. I also like the upgraded 6 disc cd and Boston Accustic sound system. Leather is a must. The headlight options are nice and the ability to work the radio from the wheel is cool.

Hemi, back up camera

Added features include the rear back up alert lights that are very nice to assist in judging distance when in reverse. I also love the color we chose---Red Rock. Love the Hemi engine for long distance driving. Ease of handling in snow and slush. Solid feel to the body and comfort inside

Stereo, Serius Radio, Diesel engine

 I didn't buy it, leased!

Boston sound system. Clear interior. Powerful engine and many standard items.

V8 engine, factory remote starter, smooth and quiet ride, Sirius radio, Memory driver seats, mirrors and radio, style, chrome trim, 2 tone seats and dash, Boston Acoustics stereo, smartbeam headlamps, one touch directionals, folding the rear seats easier than in the '04. 

Does that thing have a Hemi...

Transmission, exterior styling, Boston Accoustics stereo, build quality, handling, Jeep brand.

Powerful engine, user friendly interior, comfortable ride. 

Engine's power and sound. Very comfortable seats. Love the back up camera and the Sirius Boston Acoustics sound system.

E85 flex fuel engine. Remote starter. Auxiliary port for iPod. Heated seats warm fast.

Exterior styling, throaty exhaust, 420 horses, all wheel drive, uconnect Bluetooth handsfree, nav with Sirius and backup camera, backup proximity sensors, remote start, 20" five spoke wheels, seats-mirror-pedals-radio presets for two drivers linked to each remote, incredible handling.

Rear back up camera, Nav, Parksense, Hemi, sound system. I love everything. 

Vehicle has quiet smooth ride. Heated seats are toasty, and have a lower setting available.

Back up sensors & camera, Bluetooth, overall exterior and color (White) always wanted white with dark interior. Auto sunroof, heated seats, power pedals, 6 disk mp3 player (rare). 

Sound, brakes and power. Brings back muscle car days. Nothing like going from 40 to 80 to get on the highway. Surely will result in a few tickets. 

Engine, looks, off road ability.

The extensive electronics that are standard in the Limited Model.

Hemi engine performance, ride, value for the dollar.

Hemi power, backup camera, remote start, power fold-in mirrors and smartbeam headlamps, strong brakes. Independent front suspension really improves the ride.

Power! On tap and seemingly unending. Very comfortable front seats...'throne like' is what my spouse said. Rear view camera. Auto dimming headlights.

My favorite feature is the display for your compass and gas.

Power (4.7L), Handling, Ride Comfort, Leather, Quadra-Trac II.

