Like styling, room and performance. Just took a 120 mile trip to mountains with 5 grandkids. Had enoug HP and torque to pull the mountain passes smoothly and we were all very comfotable, averaged 23mpg. Pretty good for this size vehicle.

Exterior and 3rd row seating.



None.

I am now stuck with this car because of the deprication, I purchased this just over 1 year ago for $24,000 and now I can only get $10,000 for a trade in value. (I owe a lot more than that) Even at the dealership I originally purchased it at. Fine, let the pregnant woman keep driving an unsafe car!

3rd row seating. great size for family, and the navigation

Auxillary input for IPod. Very roomy. Easy access to third row seating/cargo area. 

Engine performance, smooth shifts, styling, sound system.

Easy access cargo area.

 Felt safe in it. Great AWD system for bad roads. Very quick for its weight.

Everything when it is running right.

Interior and Style

Roomy, Smooth ride, Large gas tank.

Red dash lights, XM radio, audio controls on steering

The navigation system is neat, but the heated seats are so nice.

Exterior style

XM radio

Auto Dimming Light.... that's about it

Most aspects performance, value, safety, handling, comfort, and fun to drive.

Seat warmers, leather, it has a luxury feel for sure. Looks a lot like the Mercedes SUV.

Reaction of steering, 7 passenger, seat warmers.

Superb traction driving in the snow and varied terrain in Colorado mountains. The iPod jack on the radio is a nice touch.

Third row. Heated seats. Radio controls on the steering wheel. It is a very safe car. 

Design, interior space, third row extremely accommodating.

Everyday is a new one for me, I'm still finding features that are not advertised at all. 

Love the AWD, the auxiliary power jack, and the easy entrance to the rear seat.

The radio.

The comfort level and the way it handles is incredible!

All the options for the price, heated leather, sunroof, all the tech gadgets, the size, it's very roomy. 

256 HP V6 engine (0-60 in 8-sec).

Red led dash is so cool looking

Heated seats, 3.6l V6 and steering controls.

Shows you how many miles until empty, how much time life on your oil, how much pressure you have in all 4 tires, great breaking system, rear leg room, large cargo space (especially for a large family), dual exhaust. Great gas mileage. I get 350 miles on a tank of gas for mostly city.

Smooth ride, responsive handling, leather interior. Even the standard radio sounds good. Cruise and radio controls on the steering wheel. Fit and finish inside were impressive. Mileage was low at first but is gradually improving (mixed driving is avg 19mpg at 450mi). 



I especially like the leg room in the 2nd row. I have teenage boys with long legs, and they have never complained about not having enough leg room. I also like the MP3 jack. I just love the way this SUV looks, very nice looking! The warranty is excellent too.

My vision of the vehicle has been tainted so I cannot give an unbiased response

Priced thousands below the competition for the same equipment. Powerful reliable engine, non overdrive (cool running) 5 speed automatic transmission, zero wind noise, comfortable seats, quiet ride, heated seats, DVD player, great stereo, decent fuel economy, room for everyone and everything.

Engine, all computerized options standard. Ride excellent.

Excellent, meets the driving requirements of the consumer.

Great HP and torque, great safety features, MP3 jack, it's not a minivan.

Third row seating, DVD, music system, powerful engine.

We love the roominess felt inside (height) and the extras like leather, DVD, electric seats. Larger cargo area with extra storage beneath. Drives nicely. The MP3, wireless headphones and extra spaces. All the built in safety features. Love the reliability.

I like the DIC, Driver Information Center, it tells you average MPG, average miles left before needing fuel, oil, battery life and tire pressure. Auto headlights and auto climate control are very nice. I like where the power window switches are and they have a red light on them to find in the dark. 

Rear DVD player w/wireless headset, remote start, the interior lights, you can turn off the daytime running lights, information computer and 7 passenger seating.

Styling, simplicity, driving position and comfort level.

The XL7 has a different design and appeal than most other SUVs on the market. It has massive head room and a ton of storage compartments. The interior is cutting edge with all modern technologies. 

Exterior styling, interior styling, safety features, loaded for under 30,000.00, warranty, 3rd row.

The futuristic styling of the front.

The comfortable seating, exceptional head and leg-room, and sturdy handling.

The leather seats, DVD system with wireless headphones, 3rd row, AWD, smoothness of acceleration/shifting, and lots of front row storage.

The navigation / radio. I like how it has an an aux input for my MP3's and the sound quality is above avg. The navigation works great!

All the standard equipment at a very reasonable price including AWD for under $24,000. There is an abundance of interior space in all rows of seating. The engine has a lot of pickup with little effort and is very quite. It is extremely comfortable even on long road trips.

The XL-7 has great handling and a nice stereo with MP3 and iPod connection capabilities.

I like the handling and the style.

The Navigation system is very very easy to use. It has an excellent sound system.

The heated leather seats and dimming mirror. I love how the DVD system is dual mode so that the kids have wireless headsets and I can listen to my radio.

I like the DVD/CD system that supports MP3/WMA, the auto/manual transmission, and the on board computer that can display trip information and vehicle information.

The list is long: voice command touch screen navigation; XM satellite radio; compass / dimming mirror; aluminum roof rack; and the passenger seat folds up to be used as a desktop for your laptop; four (4) 12v power outlets; personalized computer options; individual psi readings for each tire!

None, we hated every inch of it. I would prefer a Yugo or Peugeot! At least I would expect one of those cars to fall apart in your hand. Lucky it has the great, long Suzuki warranty, because you'll need it!

I like the remote start option and its easy to use navigation system.

The comfort, handling, everything!

The AWD, roomy third row seating, Climate control etc...

