Pony Pkg,Leather,Side airbags,Mach 500,Traction control

How she handles the road and looks

Solid engine, great looking, acts the way a muscle car should act, very easy to access aftermarket upgrades for this car. I am a big guy and this car SHOCKED me with the amount of front seat space. 

I really like the retro styling on the exterior. The pony package is well worth the money. I test drove auto and manual and the auto can't even compare. It feels alot weaker to me. The traction control is great in the rain. It should be standard. Pirelli tires are a nice touch.

Turn the key, 4.6 V8 growl... Love the rumble....

The premium Dash, and the pick from the start line. The 5 speed manual transmission. This car will get from 0- 60 in just over 5 seconds. And the growl from the dual exhaust powered by the 4.6L 3v V8 is music to my ears

Shaker stereo system is great. Great exhaust sound for a V-6, looks sharp

The steering and brakes work OK

The sound system, 500 watts

Performance, sound and handling.

Shifter is sweet and easy. Miles to go before empty and average MPG readout is very useful with this kind of gas guzzler.

Style, the car look looks great inside and out. Chassis, great handling car but still a muscle car with lots of push. I also love the aftermarket support for the platform in regards to performance. 300 hp is a nice start but this car needs at least 400 at the wheels.

Super quick shifting automatic, 4.6, posy rear end

Fit and quality of interior, style of dash, comfort of seats, fit of top when down, ease of top deployment, trunk space, heated seats, quiet A/C, sound system, 87 octane burner, styling, tracking.

Good mileage for a 300hp V8. Shifter is quick. Seats are comfortable. Its looks are tremendous.

Engine power, transmission, and brakes are all performance.

Sound, seating and steering

Satellite radio and of course it's a convertible.

Classic look, front head lights, traction control, and V6 engine.

Very comfortable seats, the rumble, fantastic visibility, and a really slick 5-speed [a lot more smooth than my Vette]; HIGH RESIDUAL VALUE - Good overall investment. 

Appearance. Power. Shaker 1000.

I love the white car with silver stripes and beautiful wheels. I did not get an interior upgrade package but you know with the way the car is done it doesn't need it. 

5 speed manual transmission, heated leather seats, custom colors for the dash readout.

Horsepower, handling,interior, and exterior body features, overall driveability fun.

SOUND and exterior.

The V8 engine sounds great and the 300hp is tons of fun, where used the leather interior rivals that of many luxury vehicles in terms of quality, 18" polished Al rims are awesome looking, great overall body styling! 

Engine is outstanding. Fast with a great sound. Don't even need the radio which sounds great too.

The exterior looks of the car and the power. I have 2,200 miles on the car and have had zero problems.

NONE. This car has been nothing but trouble.

Retro look, interior, My Color feature, fast for a V6, comfort.

Solid ride, excellent power, well equipped; great 18" polished wheels that stick to the road. Superb updating in the classic Mustang design.

The color combination of black, with red leather seating and polished wheels, along with the 300 HP, makes this an affordable muscle car.

Raw 300HP under the hood.

Exterior design is a compelling retro style-flawlessly melds the 60's with the 21st century. Very rapid stop to 60 acceleration and cruises at 80mph. 5 speed shifts very smoothly. Interior seating is sports car comfortable and the leather is smooth and tight. This car is an absolute joy to drive.

The upgrade ride quality from the 04 GT and comfort of the seats.

Interior and exterior design, comfort, Shaker stereo system is the best I've ever seen, some very clever convenience features, FAST, good gas mileage for a sports car, excellent winter performance. The best, most well-thought out, Ford product in a long time.

LOOKS! BOLD and strong.

The ponies on the side, the stylish interior, audio system, power locks and the anti-lock brakes, traction control. Oh, and the sleek black clearcoat. Although I think all of the colors are great. The wide side mirrors and front mirror gives great viewing.

Makes an attractive over priced paperweight. It an absolutely great place to grow mold. If you like the smell of mildew in your expensive convertible, this car is a MUST have. Gives birds a place to sit while rusting in your driveway. Lowers gas bills, after water damage you won't want to drive it.

Satellite radio, a high performance engine, a smoother ride.

Looks.

Engine response, ABS brakes, 18" wheels, rear wheel drive, Shaker 500 sound system, rack and pinion steering.

I have so many features that I love, but I have to point out the "my color" feature. Being able to match my dash colors with what I'm wearing is awesome.

Pony Package. 17" wheels with Pirelli tires. Fog lamps. Spoiler. 4.0 L V-6 that performs like a small block V-8.

The Pony package adds so much to the look of the Mustang. The grill lights remind me of my 66 Mustang convertible that I still have. The disc brakes that come with the Pony package are a real plus to the handling. 



Most positive traits: ride, power, simplicity, and looks. Going from a 4- cylinder Camry to this V6 'stang, am very satisfied with acceleration and handling. Traction in the rain on asphalt has been fine. We'll see come winter. Visibility/dash readouts/gauges/stereo/ergonomics excellent.

The engine/transmission link up is silky smooth; wonderful styling; and it can really move! The convertible top is very user friendly.

CONVERTIBLE! What else?

I am delighted with fit and finish of the body. I also like the simplicity and speed of the convertible top operation

Comfortable ride with great V8 sound (not too intrusive), good handling, great looking. The Shaker 1000 stereo is very powerful. You don't have to reach anymore to shift the car like the previous Mustang model. The shifter is short, precise and fun.

V8 sound and design. Traction control is nice.

The old school look and feel. The power this car seems to have is fantastic.

Sound, feel, gas mileage (29.5) with a light foot and just under 80. I live in and around Utah.

I like the leather stitching dashboard and the red leather seats.

The hp and torque of course. Heated seats is a great new option. Colored gauges are great for messing around with and showing people. Shifter feels like the perfect throw and clutch isn't too heavy stock. Love the Code 64W 18" polished wheels! 

The sound of the engine for a V6 is incredible. Awesome acceleration, plenty of power for this girl. The color combination of the Windveil blue and parchment is gorgeous. Don't know about the gas mileage yet, I've only had it 5 days, but it's supposed to get 26 on the highway. 

The engine! The power and muscle car feeling it provides, definitely worth the money I paid.

Speed, new heated leather seats, exterior styling, surprisingly large trunk.

Some of the great things about this car, is the profile....yes, has the look of a low to the ground I own the street look...from the front, the Mustang screams "LOOK at Me." And from the side, this new body style has all car lovers drawn to take a closer look. I like the seats, conform well to the body.

-The 4.6L V8 with 300 horses and the 5 Speed Tremec transmission. -Unforgettable and timeless late model styling

The retro look of it inside and out. Muscle car feel and very fun to drive. Makes you feel you are driving a true icon of the American Free Spirit and a testament to brute American Muscle. Surprising amount of space in trunk and fold down rear seats provide good utility for such a car.

Interior by far, it has a modern look to it, and is yet designed for speed

Performance, looks, fun to drive

Of course, the look is timeless. The Pony grille is certainly the most distinct feature. I thing the Pony grille should go on the GT's too! The dash is cool, but a bit too space age for my taste. 

I love the exterior and interior. I bought toughskin gray and love it. The extra power with the v8 is great along with the cool sound.

Exterior, sound system & color

The fun to drive factor. The rumble of the v8 exhaust when accelerating or downshifting especially with the top down. The leather seats are very comfortable on a long trip. The 5 speed manual is very fun to drive on this car. 500 watt sound system is awesome in this car even with top down. 

Style, power (although it could always use more), and size of aftermarket for customization.

Leather is great for kids, radio sounds great, gas mileage a lot better than Explorer. 

Love the sport seating and the engine power.

V6 with OD is solid, strong engine, steering is the 2nd best I've ever been in behind the Boxster, in black looks hot, great handling, sound system is sweet for a Ford

Both exterior and interior styling. I feel good while driving down the road and when I walk up to the car it's always the nicest, sporty looking car to my eye. Plenty of power under the hood and a nice V8 exhaust sound; even for quiet neighborhoods. Shaker 500 not too bad for a stock stereo. 

Everything. This car makes driving fun again. 

Radio is great. Confortable seats. Seat heat option was a good choice. Excellent visability all the way around.

Road performance, eye appeal, ease of power top, shaker sound system, retro look both inside and out, large truck for sports car, comfortable leather seats that gently cradle you.

Convertible is a lot of fun. Used several times in parades and has been absolutely perfect for it. The 5- speed automatic is absolutely the best! After test driving both the manual and automatic, I ordered mine with the automatic because it felt faster - and I've driven/raced manuals for years!

Performance, speed, power, rwd, 300+hp, affordable. Gets looks all the time, and compliments. Easy to modify and work on.

Performance, handling.

The look of this car is great. The trunk has lots of room.

V8 is loud and puts down a lot of power.

The power, and the looks. I really like the sound of the Shaker 1000 stereo too. I'm a broadcast engineer, and the FM section is about the best I've ever seen (or heard).

Everything Mustang except basic exhuast which is getting an upgrade. 

Rock solid engine with a throaty muscular rumble exiting through dual exhaust. Beautiful body styling. Smooth efficient shifting. Keyless entry with a trunk release on the remote. Shaker sount system. Leather seats. Remarkable handling on those twisty mountain roads

Body styling. Affordability. Many options

The power

Looks, shaker sound system, economy - as good MPG as an Avalon I previously owned

Exterior style, Interior style (not materials), minimal shake for a vert, Awesome stereo (you can hear the songs at 85 mph with the wind rushing over your head), Passing prowess and drama with the manual. Surprisingly docile for city driving, corners well for a big car. Different colors on dash.

The exterior design, the sound of the engine, that's if I can get it to go into reverse to back it out of the garage and put it into 1st without dropping the tranny or the throw out bearing. 

Fantastic engine response and surprisingly good fuel mileage. Roomy interior. Beautiful design, anyone instantly knows it's a Mustang V8. 

Basically you can be in like almost any gear and step on the gas and roar away. Low RPM it's growl tends turns people's heads, high RPM you approach SuperBike/NASCAR types sounds. That kick when it hits 3000 rpm and starts to rocket forward faster and faster in any gear never grows old.

Convertable top! Retro look inside and out.Front seats are very comfortable. The ease at which you can raise and lower the top. The way the front windows self seal when closing the doors. Automatic up and down windows.

Stereo system, retro styling, handling, paint color. Mine is Vista Blue.

Power, Mustang bodystyle, retro/modern int./ext.. Handling is awesome. God bless traction control. Launches like a rocket.

Tremec transmission feels like you're driving an old muscle car.

Nasty snarl in 3rd! Going on a Saturday night double date with your friends or being able to pick up a few supplies for your kid's soccer team after work. Let's face it, it's not the fastest thing out there (Vet?, Viper?,911GT3?), but for a practical sporty V8 car it stands alone.

Shaker 500 stereo is awesome. Shifter is very smooth and seating is very comfortable



I like the Hurst short thro, the 6 cd player and auto up vol, that is also controlled by how much it elevates.

Exterior design but they needed to put better ground effects on the sides. Love the leather seats!

Aesthetics- Instrument panel and front of car. Safety- Front seat side air bags and passenger sensor weight air bag disable

Great looks and fun to drive is absolutely all it has going for it.

Styling, size, wheels and tires. I have the Pony package option and it looks great.

Six-disc CD player (no more fumbling to change discs), radio reception seems better.

V-8 power, stereo, heated leather seats, multi colored dash is fun to show off to people, surprisingly large trunk with fold down rear seats for long items. Lots of aftermarket goodies to make your ride original, which is real good because in my neighborhood there is a Mustang on every block.

It's a blast to drive. What more is there to say.

Power,comfort, and handling. The Mustang has very neutral handling at the limit, not the understeering pigs that the original's were.Also, the 4.6 GT accelerates faster than the old Shelby GT 500 with the 428! This car is like the perfect restored Shelby Mustang you always dreamed about getting.

Shaker 500 stereo, sounds of leather seats, seeing the muscular hood as you drive. Lights and power baby.

This car is so easy to drive! Shifting is so smooth compared to previous models. The info display helpful, and the multi-colored dash choice is very fun! I use the MP3 input jack all the time.

Power. Acceleration. Beautiful retro design. Fun to drive. Handles well for affordable Amer car. Vintage V-8 sound & looks, & easily modifiable. Even looks fast standing still. Affordable for working man. Ford has started the pony car war all over again! Great performance and driveability!

The car looks great, sounds great and has a tight feel. 

Everything about the car, its styling and performance, a retro look in a modern automobile, doesn't get better than that.

I love the 500 watt sound system and exhaust for a V6. Manual has a short throw, which I also like.

Looks great sitting at the dealership.The rental car I have sucks.Making payments on both!!!This is not what I signed up for!!!

Engine compartment. Sound system. Fold down back seats

The styling is so retro, no wonder so many are snapping these things up! Plenty of V8 power, handling is tight and crisp, even the trunk has more room than it appears. The Shaker 500 sound system is awesome, too!

Design, power, value for price, fun to drive

The engine is magnificent, it roars to redline happily like a smaller displacement engine would. 

The Shaker 500 stereo rocks! The 6-way adjustable driver's seat makes driving a real pleasure. Love the My Color dashboard lights (my choice: purple). Adore the sound of the engine, love the way it handles and the gas mileage ain't too shabby either!

Factory sound is amazing shaker 500 

Retro exterior, leather interior, premimum interior upgrade. Awesome stereo. Pretty much the entire car!

Old school looks, throaty sound, great pick up, comfortable interior. Ability to change the dash light colors. Great sounding stereo. Basically, the whole car.

Style and V8 engine and sound.

Exhaust note and cabin sound are 100% improved. You only hear want you want to hear. The external styling is great. Ford has also taken a step by offering so many varieties of the car (California pkg.. 18" wheels.. etc). Really feel like yours is special

Interior is way better than 96! I like the stealth look of alloy. 5 speed auto is great! 60 more horses than 96! Almost as good on gas. Loaded, pony pkg., side air bags, traction control, leather, alarm, mach500.

Awesome looking vehicle better than all past Mustangs. Total strangers always admiring design! Great stereo and great looking wheels. Very comfortable interior with plenty of room. V-6 gets very nice gas mileage between 21 and 25 mpg. 

Engine, design,

Easy access to all controls on steering and dash. The changeable dash lights are a novelty but fun to play with.

Wonderful exhaust sound in rapid acceleration!

I love the 1967/1968 fastback styled exterior and interior. The mycolor gauge backlighting and old school styled dash. There is a ready aftermarket to customize it or hot rod it to your liking. I have already started to make mine look like a 1967 shelby GT 350. I love all the attention mine gets. 

Retro looks remind me of my 1966 Mustang. Interior looks like a 1968 Mustang. Seats are comfortable, especially the driver's power seat. Smooth automatic.

Torque 

It looks amazing. And with the optional Shaker 1000, it also sounds brilliant. And again, value for money is unbeatable, especially in the EU, where the Stang costs less than a European car with half the power.

Styling and sound system. Acceleration. Muscle car rumble. Comfortable seats.

Love the power this car has. Exterior appreance is awesome.

Great exterior looks, awesome dash set up, even the V6 sounds great, and very comfortable to shift and drive.

Design, looks, performance. I was suprised at how good the fuel economy is, even when driven hard!

The V-8 and stock BF Goodrich g-force tires.

Style and power. The two main reasons why anyone gets a Mustang. I also like how comfortable it is when cruising and how it turns into a total beast when provoked.

The stereo system, although it does cause the side mirrors to vibrate so bad you can't see. The ease of the convertible top. The sound when I rev it in the driveway. 

