The driving itself. Nice leather interior, understated design.

AWD is probably one of the best around, but it seems other makers are catching up these days. 

AWD, decent gas mileage, reliability

A/C, handling, AWD, power mirrors, sleek exterior and tinted rear-view mirror.

Engine/transmission are perfectly matched. Seats and sound system are great. Lots of room in the wagon.

Reliability, handling, in-dash 6CD player.

The Navigation, AWD, Turbo Performance,

Not much in its class can beat it on the straightaway or on curvy mountain roads. Perfect drift on curves. I've drifted off camber curves that two wheelers couldn't handle. I also handle very well in the snow and ice. Although, the left front may pull left on a right hand curve in the snow.

Turbo motor, sleek looks, 18"wheels, dual exhaust, alcantara seats, SI drive, comfort highway suspension

Engine roar, winter safety & road handling. Utility of the wagon. AMAZING turning radius and // parking is so easy. Great power and acceleration for a non turbo. Good mpg as long as you don't have too much fun! Styling and feel; driving position. Fun & precise to drive hard. Great braking.

1) Very smooth drive and handling. 2) Absurdly excellent braking. 3) Comfortable seating (with leather). 4) Exterior design has been growing on me, I like it more than when I first got the car. 5) A nice array of comfort/luxe features.

AWD, Ergonomic positioning, comfortable seating, plenty of power.

The look of the vehicle, it attract the attention of people who know cars.

Room, black car is sharp! AWD system is tops! Radio has lots of extras. But Sat radio unit is pricey. Can't go wrong with this car. 

AWD, 2.5L turbo engine, great interior, well built, well equipped for the price

Does hold the road well.

Heated seats, rear cup holders, average gas mileage gauge and dual temp control.

Definitely the horsepower. It would be difficult to go back to a car with less. 

Performance and handling. Classic, understated styling. Wonderfully smooth ride.

Leather quality; auto-stick; handling, build quality; heated seats.

AWD, midsize fuel economy and suv capabilty.

Best mileage in an all wheel drive mid sized wagon. Handles almost as well as my Maxima SE. Nice quiet ride. We added the all weather floor mats and rear cargo mat (from an outback) - these are great as you can just hose them off. Highest ratings in crash tests and rollover. The backup sensor.

Sport, economy shift modes, sunroof, iPod connection.

The iPod jack is great with XM radio capability, the interior fit and finish, the best is the engine and trasmission. The engine is incredible for a 4cyl, very quick and teamed with the transmission in sport mode you can feel the power difference, the manual mode is fun too. 

Performance and handling.

Performance, AWD, handling, acceleration, interior looks.

6MT, Navigation, great power/heated Alcantara seats, good looks, lots of power, AWD takes you places other cars can't. Stock audio system plays mp3/wma and has an Aux in for iPods with power in the center console. Lots of aftermarket parts and accessories available. Amazing curb weight for the car.

Handling. Exterior styling. All the compliments I've gotten!

Engine performance and handling.

Interior design, AWD, Sunroof. 

2.5 boxer engine, AWD, clean interior and exterior styling.

I love the excellent power, fit and finish and well laid out interior. However my favorite feature(s) relates to safety. The AWD plus the 5 star crash rating was a major selling point for me. I have 3 year whose safety is first. 

Comfortable interior, SI-Drive, mp3-capable stereo system, incredible power.

Interior design and quality of materials, AWD, suspension.

The interior is very nice. Lots of space, good quality materials. All the safety features (AWD, airbags everywhere, etc.). Predicted reliability. 

Acceleration/handling/braking/overall road feel; moonroof, seat appearance/comfort, instrumentation, headlights, general appearance/aesthetics of vehicle. Auxiliary iPod input placement is pure genius -- hidden in cargo storage under armrest. Trip computer/ambient temp/freeze warning very handy.

Love that accessory plug-in in the center console for my MP3 player which works well with the 6-CD stereo. Sound is excellent and my sub-woofer isn't installed yet!!

Split fold-down seats. I waited 6 years to buy until Subaru resurrected this feature. What took them so long? Moonroof, mpg/miles until need gas electronic display, 

AWD, passing power, trip computer, quiet ride, comfort.

AWD functionality and incredible safety package; very aesthetically pleasing and impressive superb and thorough attention to details. 

Symmetrical AWD. Clearly this is an advantage over any other vehicle, outside the military. It's not "everyone else's car". It is different, and still very tasteful. It looks great. Interior is very good. Nice extras for the money. Good engine sound. Wheels are nice. Heated wipers/mirrors/seats. 

More than adequate interior room. It handles and accelerates nimbly. Subaru "fit and finish" is exceptional for a sub-$19k vehicle.

Very attractive exterior and interior. Great turbo motor and clutch. Overall everything is great; there are a few annoying details. This car is also supposed to be reliable and I hope it will be!



Solid feel, especially on the highway. Decent mileage (getting 24/31, and having fun with it). Aux input for stereo in the armrest, and head unit plays mp3 & wma files. Handling and interior quality of a much more expensive car.

The Special Edition has a moonroof (standard). It also came with an auto- dimming mirror & compass. Fog lamps too. I especially like the pseudo manual shifter - it lets you manually up/down shift through the gears. MP3 player input AND MP3s burned to a CD play in the CD player.

Auto gearbox with sportshift is very smooth. SI drive lets you control the way the car responds. Nav system is excellent. Great radio. Really sharp instrumentation.

Interior amenities, XM, moonroof, looks hot, leather seats hug you in place. 

Very pleased with all features. Has a spoiler, which we thought might be a little too much for a middle aged couple, but it makes the car look very sporty. Brilliant silver color is sharp. Low profile tires add to the sportiness. 60/40 back seats add to cargo space.

