It's a love-it-or-hate-it look. I love it.

Very nice Stereo/Subwoofer. Build Quality. Size of control knobs.

Subwoofer, Rear locker, Easy to use buttons, water resistant seats.

Solid construction, washable seats and interior, strong roof pillars, three wipers, folding seats, stiff suspension.

Suspension and driveability on the highway make the fj an awesome car.

Style, engine power/drivetrain, ease of cleaning, utility

Unique styling, doesn't look like your neighbor's F150 or Jeep. Rubber floor mats (easy cleanups, yeah!) and easy to use heater, A/C controls. Handles quite well in sharp turns, surprising for a truck/SUV. Gutsy engine especially with the manual tranny=much driving fun! 

Build quality, reliability, and its off road ability and dependability. It's nice to know there isn't much that this truck can't get over or through. Being waved through inspection stations during blizzards and not having to stop is nice. Getting to places at the cabin other vehicles cant go is nice.

The all-black treatment & added TRD features that make it stand out from the rest of the pack. Music coming from the ceiling since it is one of the first production cars using flat- panel speakers. Don?t expect comfort since it is built like a truck, hence, the stiff & sporty ride. Take it anywhere!

Upgraded suspension makes gravel roads feel like free ways. Satisfying sound from the exhaust. AUX port is awesome for long road trips if you have any type of mp3 or portable dvd. Tows my seadoo's and quads like there not there. Rides so smooth. Atrack isn't necessary but helps a lot when stuck.



The ride, comfy seats, placement of cupholders and extra holding compartments.

Rides tall, rubber floor mats and water resistant seat (great for hauling scuba gear). Rear sensors are nice considering there are some decent sized blind spots. 

Engine torque, driveability, all the positives of SUVs.

Ride & seats are perfect. Radio is clear at any level. Great 4 wheel drive, smooth auto transmission. It's lack of high tech devices make it refreshing to own & stress free to operate.

4WD capabilities; quietness (used to drive a Wrangler); size of the interior both cabin size and storage area; styling both inside and out; quality of the build, no squeaks or rattles even after lots of offroad use; it has a built in iPod connection; radio controls on steering wheel.

Power, torque, water proof seats, great headroom, awesome speaker system, lots of leg room, water proof wire harnesses for water foraging, and the list goes on.

The looks and ride. 

Clearence and view. Good mirror coverage in reverse, daylight running lamps. Power, nice sounding acceleration. Good braking and warning others with the well placed light system. Versatility with the folding seats 40/60, 3 pt seat belts and front and side airbags give security for rear passengers.

Lots of power to keep up with the luxury sport utilities.

The handling and appearance. The feeling that you can go anywhere, and it will take you no problem.

Very roomy and comfortable. The body just looks really cool, very stylish. 3 wipers are great. Roof rack makes it look like a monster.

The big knobs on everything on the dash makes it easy to handle while driving. High stance, large wheels and tires, good exterior and interior design and the 3 windshield wipers.

Stand-apart great looks, solid and rugged build quality, 4X4 availability, exterior colors, fun-to-drive quotient of 1000%, unmatched value for the dollar, white roof, folding rear seats, and so much, much more! Everything about it - what's not to love?! 

Looks, off-road capabilites, stereo, comfort.

Driver's seat and distance from steering wheel is great. I am a big guy. Ride is very stiff, but that is cool, almost like a go cart but bigger.

Power, gas mileage, off road ability, powerful headlights that provide great visibility, ground clearance, aftermarket accessory availability.

Low key truck, people don't know how spacious is it until they get inside.

Looks, agility, stability

Rubber floor. Big interior. All controls easy to reach. Lots of headroom.

Rugged inside, cleans very easy, comfort, style, and power. 

The rugged look.

The unique exterior styling is my favorite feature. Plus it's a lot of vehicle for the money.

The overall look. It's a very attractive vehicle, inside and out.

They way it feels going around corners and the looks.

Bold Looks that took me away from the frumpy 4runner

Unique styling, good stock suspension and a powerful engine make for a very capable ride on and off road. After market parts are readily available for any upgrades you might want to make.

Unique styling, good stock suspension and a powerful engine make for a very capable ride on and off road. After market parts are readily available for any upgrades you might want to make.

Looks and the looks you get. The scale model (even the same color) Toyota sent me just goes to show you that Toyota cares about their customers and their opinions.The stereo with the base addition is awesome! Power and pick-up.

Wonderful color, sun fusion yellow. Sound system. Design inside and out. Everyone wants to see inside, then they want to drive it. Powerful. Handles well. Seats - many settings, both drivers can adjust. Easy to use 4WD. Small turning radius.

The four wheeling ability of this vehicle is impressive along with the large interior makes for a great 4X4.



Power, handling, comfort, looks, price.

The contrasting colors and the height above smaller units. 

As a senior (over 65), I like unique automobiles, the FJ fits that category. I purchased new and still own a 67 Olds 442, a 94 TT Supra 26K miles, a 99 E430 Sport Mercedes 51K miles and the FJ, I love them all. 

My favorite features are the cool designs, big tires and rubber floor mats for when you get a little dirty.



The engine, transmision, and the chassis are 1st rate. Awesome package overall.

It has plenty of power, solid performance, great looks, and excellent frills. Especially the TRD exhaust - it growls! The cockpit feels like a high-performance all terrain vehicle should. 

Four wheel drive modes. Has great audio. The FJ will climb a tree. I haven't done that since I was a kid.

Styling (most unique SUV out there), engine performance, utility.

The styling of this automobile simply lights me up every time I see it.

The ride, power, handleing and style. It's a breeze to park. I still get the looks. When I do let someone drive it, they want one.

Excellent ground clearance for a stock truck, stock skid plates, plenty of power, Toyota fit and finish, but MOST of all this truck lives and breathes the adage "form follows function"! In other words it looks like it does so it can do what it's made to do. Ugly can be so beautiful! 

The room inside. The the large knobs, such as the radio knob. 

Height and body style and seats.

Torque, 8 airbags, 6 speeds, ATRAC, locking differential, instrumentation, heater, unique styling and exterior.

Interior layout, plenty of room for a 6' plus driver. Seating is very good.

Power train, design, car-like ride.

Interior. Sirius free for 9 months! Dash layout. Exterior styling. Hey look under one of these bad boys - it's serious!

Toyota quality. Mine is a TRD.

Retro-look, ease of handling, perky acceleration.

Great sound system, iPod aux jack, handling, looks (of course). Feels like a tank, but handles like a sedan. 

All the large interior features, height of vehicle, stereo!, overall appearance.

The gauges on the top of dash, the great sound system featuring the subwoofer, adjustable mirrors with lights and towing package.

Interior and exterior design is very eye appealing.

Simplicity of the interior layout, the clean flooring and rubber mats instead of carpets. Ease of manual shift ratios. Really good air conditioning system.

The seats are comfy, the steering & suspension is solid, easy to use transmission. 

ATRAC and rear locker combination.



Solid feel, off-road capability right out of the box, surprising power, superb brakes, better than average stereo, retro styling & nice exhuast note. 



4 wheel drive and rear locking differential.

Looks, power, good gas mileage for an SUV, quality (tight part fit, good fit and finish), off road ability. Overall an outstanding value for the money! 

Locking rear diff and the A-TRAC system get you anywhere you want to go. Toyota build quality and dependability is outstanding. 

Again strength, looks, traction, and unique-ness.



Looks, off-road, 

The versatility and capability. It's everything you need in one neat package.

Looks, 6 speed manual trans, iPod connectivity. WOW factor almost similar to my SC 430 back in 2002.

Suicide doors - ATRAC - rubber flooring - factory locking rear differential.

Good looks, Serious offroad capabilities, Down right fun.

ATRAC, rear locker, no carpet, waterproof seats, styling.

Sound system. Looks. Ride.

Exterior design. Interior comfort. Eye catcher.

The looks are exceptional. I can carry my road bike upright inside and not strapped to the back like I had to do with my previous Jeep. Quite and smooth can now talk on cell phone without shouting. Not as roomy as my wife's Sequoia, but perfect for what I need.

The design is so different from any other car. 

Tank like front window, running lights on side mirrors.

Roomy water-resistant front interior. Great off-road ability. Toyota quality. Three windshield wipers ensure good visibility. Rear gate opens away from the sidewalk for easy loading. It looks great!

The look: the white roof, the grill with the round headlights, the "Toyota" lettering of old, the headlights on the mirror. Seats supremely comfortable.Love the rubber floor.Great trunk space.Love the height of the vehicle.

Ability to go where no sane person would go, toughness and power. Great sound system w/mp3 jack. 120V power is handy as well. Inclinometer is very handy on knarly terrain.

Overall looks, safety features, Good gas mileage for an SUV, great stereo, comfy seats

I especially like the clearance for offroad use, that there is no carpet, the well designed roof rack and the handy little storage box above the steering wheel.

Body style, interior is so easy to clean. Love the dual side mirrors. They make up for the bad visibility rating and they have headlights on top. Easy open back trunk door. Opens to the curb side!!

Love the handling when four wheeling.

Styling, strong engine and tight construction. Handling is great on and off road. Power of the engine is best in class.

The front driver & passenger seats are very comfortable.The style,colour and shape of the body is very appealing. Audio system is great too.I feel at a much elevated level when other SUV's come & stand next to me.Height & ground clearance is superb.Most of all it is a parttime 4X4. which saves fuel.

it's awesome/unique looks

Retro look, Style, Width, Powerful Engine, 4wd, Front windshield, Spacious cabin

No carpet inside, weather proof interior, good sound system w/no boom box, dash layout w/large control knobs, really the whole vehicle.

Tank like front window,large dash dials,easy clean interior,running lites on mirrors,concept car style,a super value at under 30,000 for a loaded winner.



Rubberized flooring and the water proof seats. I am at the beach all the time, I dont have to worry about sand and wet clothes. 

4 wheel drive, dif lock and subwoofer

My favorite features are the body style and color, growl of the engine and height of the SUV off the ground.

Everything!

Looks, performance, quality, value.

Looks, smoothness of ride, Toyota dependability and good gas mileage. PLUS it stands out from the crowd.

Fun ride, power, looks, attention, pride of ownership, spacious, very, very quiet and smooth ride, off-road capability, rear parking sensors, 115V AC outlet to charge all my accessories (laptop, camcorder, digital camera) on the road, my kid's big eyes everytime she sees this truck.

The ease of driving and the solid feel. 

Handling, the ride itself!

Rides and handles awesome. Sits up higher. Safety, insurance went down when it took the place of mini van even though it was 2 years newer. No carpet. I was worried about getting something with carpet again.

the VSC

Comfort. Overall everything.

Cab size, acceleration, easy to clean interior.

Comfort, ride swinging back door for easy loading.

Everything!

Appearance. Good power

The truck's good looks, good highway ride and decent handling. Love the rubber flooring/mats which makes for easy cleanups especially if you have small children! Manual transmission shift smoothly. 

Feels like a million bucks! 

Styling, size, slick powertrain, very good off-road capability.

Seats, looks, ride.

Mostly everything.

Skid plate and rock rails, interior durability, sound system, off and on road handling!, iPod connectivity with cable for superior sound quality.

Size, color, power, comfort, ease of use of all features, looks, expected reliability of Toyota product.

Color, style, sound system, interior, ride, retro features, back up sensor, comfort, lots of storage cubby's, so many things, great head lights.

Large comfortable wash down interior. Excellent seats. Large dials (excellent function) on dash. Lights on mirrors a nice bonus. AC/DC plugs. Aux. plug on dash and radio. Tank like front window. 

Looks, ride, strong off road capabilities, comfortable interior.

Easy wash interior,large dials on dash, flat front window,lights on mirrors,and package #2. 

Simple basic enterior, LOTS of headroom. Body style and look are unmatched for the price.

I love how rugged the interior is and also that you can plug your iPod into the radio without buying anything special



Stable footing. Always feels under control

Engine, dash, exterior

I'm very happy with everything, including the subwoofer and 3 wipers!

Everything! The roof rack, the two-tone color scheme to bring back that retro look, manual transmission for a large 6 cyl (finally!), sound system. The suicide doors are awesome (keep watch of those who get in the back so that they know how to close the doors).

Suicide doors!

Front window, large; handles, knobs and seats. Nice fit and finish, Easy wash interior. Better MPG with the auto and even better with the 4X2 and this car will go where other 4x2's can't.

Water resistant seats, 27 inch water fording, classic steel wheels, washout interior, large knobs and buttons, fit and finish, ride on hard surfaced roads, air conditioning, roof rack, rock rails. My most favorite feature is that everyone has to ask about it. Without doubt toyota has a winner here

Rubber floors, simple, direct, very functional. High ride, little wind push. 

Love the suicide doors, outside styling and not bad fuel economy for an SUV - like being able to switch from 2 to 4 wheel drive. 

Looks, stereo system and iPod jack. 

6 speed MT full time 4x4 Good upgraded stereo comfortable Unique A/C inverter plugs in floor to route cables through with out drilling.

Great visibility when driving at night. A really smooth manual trans. Big handles, knobs and levers. ac/dc, house hold power outlets. It gets looks. Extremely great brakes.

Package #2. Solid easy dash controls. Water proof floor. To many plus features to list. 

The 6 speed manual is silky smooth. The ride is firm, but very comfortable. The 24 valve 4.0 liter VVTI engine seems to be perfectly suited to this vehicle. Acceleration is very good and braking is excellent.

The front window (tank) view. Excellent dash with large nobs and dials. Package #2. Easy clean waterproof floor. 

The exterior. It brings back the look from the older models. Definitely retro- looking. Awesome! They use suspension parts from the 4-Runner. Easy to get suspension lift parts.

Exterior and interior looks, rear gear sonar, roof mounted speakers, security system, upgraded exhaust which gives out a lions roar, steering mounted controls, and of course the looks I get around town!

Too many to express here.

The compass and inclinometer are tied with the backing sensor as gimmincks. But the thing I really like is the obsession with functionality. Everything works well and shows that the designers were thinking about how to eliminate the fussy stuff and put in what was really useful.

Styling - rugged good looks - practical but sexy.

The exterior look, can't keep my eyes off of it and I am not the only one. Interior accessory package is amazing as well.

Exterior, 3 wipers, comfortable seats, smooth ride.



Look, style, suspension, seats, rear area, back up warning signal, no carpet easy to clean interior.

The look....sporty yet can very easily be a family vehicle.

All the options that were standard. :) You get it without a subwoofer or with. I like the CD Changer and the fact that the truck acts like a sound-dock for my iPod.



Love the retro styling. Handles like a champ.

high-tech "retro" styling in and out, dash layout and big controls, the way it drives and handles, moves out nicely, good sound system, electrical outlet, versatility, air conditioning vents, "chopped top" look - more body, less glass, feeling of safety inside, side airbags, people love it!

Outside looks, power outlet, manual shift availability

Suicide doors. With a 13 month old, it is so easy to put her in and out of the vehicle.

The triple windshield wipers and exterior styling

Color, exterior design, rubber floors.

overall design, great stereo, very comfy seats, lots of leg room, quiet, good MPG. I got almost 25 on the highway! fun to drive

VOODOO Blue is the perfect color for me and the interior rocks of it on the dash. Spacious, the compass is great, the subwoofer encased in glass in the back, awesome, the side mirrors, hello, I can see the blind spots on other vehicles now, my truck can jumpstart my boat. the 110 plug-for laptop

Stereo, suspension, seats, rear area, rack, back up warning signal

Look, Style, Color (silver), comfort.

4X4 capabilities are incredible. The engine is state of the art.

Great looks Great ride what a wonderful vehicle

Style, design. It looks like a 4 wheeler should. Lots of room in the back to carry R big dog and all R camping & fishing equipment. 

Looks Solid feel Stereo system Powerful engine

Easy to clean interior. Rear locker. Rock Rails. Over all vehicle size. Interior Quietness.

Brakes, steering are really great. Love the little features such as colored metal inside, great instrumentation even the novelty gauges on top of the dashboard are fun and usable. 

Everything, style, comfort, color, performance, uniqueness

Looks, 6-speed shifter, sound system, 4x4 system, ground clearance, exhaust note.

A-Trac System

The interior resembles the FJ40 but is nicely updated to today?s standards. The 4.0 liter gives this ride plenty of power and yet the mpg is not bad at all.

Retro styling, radio w/sub, 238 HP V6, water proof seats, flooring

Triple wipers, sound system, engine growl, exterior looks, 4x4 gear, white rooftop.



Design, clean interior without the clutter, and did I mention design.

Love it just the way it is...turned down a Sequoia to buy this car.

Exterior design does everything I want. With the 4WD it's a go anywhere vehicle.

The Color, The Style, The Comfort, The Drive, The Sound system.

I can't decide on just one. I would have to say the whole vehicle. 

Looks, rear locker ( wish it had a front)

Build quality, stereo sound quality, parking sonar, comfortable seats, waterproof interior, smooth transmission

Sound system, interior, exterior, 17 inch wheels, electrical outlet in the cargo area, parking sensor, design, three windshield wipers in front and the new approach to design out the norm

The FJ is surprisingly quick and agile in turns. More than enough power when 4X4-ing. Retro-styling always turns heads. Gas mileage on freeway better than I thought. Don't compromise, Sun Fusion is the color you want!

The Toyota Logo on the front, how huge the interior feels and I can put things in the back and they cannot role under the seat.

Three front windshield wipers, comfort like any other Toyota, water resistant seats

My kids LOVE the stereo system. I can't get them out of mom's cool car! It is SO easy to drive. I love the way it handles. There is plenty of room in the back to carry things. Seats fold down easily. This car comes with curtain and side airbags. A very safe and fun car to drive.

The comfort. The styling. Its a hoot to drive.

The looks, quality feel of all controls and hardware, Roof rack, TRD Rims with Yoko tires, 6 Speed Manual Trans, sound of the engine, locking diff., seperate rear opening window, side curtain airbags, seating for 5, lights on the mirrors, aux jack for the iPod, rubber flooring, great standard stereo

Rear diffy lock, rubber floor , waterproof upholstery, utilitarian interior, comfort, looks!, Toyota warranty 200000 km or 7 years whichever comes first!! And It's a Toyota..how can you go wrong...oh yes and the grocery bag hooks...love them!! The lock on the hatch is nice too!!!

Love the styling inside & out - it just looks great. The the rubberized interior is great for dog owners like myself. No-fretting about sand or muck. The suicide doors & rear-hinged door make it the perfect vehicle for lugging around stuff, like camping gear or groceries. 

Styling, image lights

It's a toyota!

Build quality, reliability, styling, paint color options, interior layout. 

It's just so cute from the outside. It's fun to drive, but sometimes it feels like it could roll.

See review.

The styling is great. I have never been stared at so much in my life. FJammer stereo with subwoofer rocks. The water resistant fabric and rubber flooring are great for the salt and snow here in MN. I can let my dogs in and not worry about them being wet or dirty, just hose it off at home.

Unique style, comfortable ride and true utilitarian.

4X4

This SUV is simple, easy to maintain and fun to drive. Love the sensor for backing up and the adapter for my iPod.

Traction control (ATRAC), rear diff locker, vehicle stability control, interior room, aftermarket product availability, rugged build, and superb offroad performance.

Good sound system, seats are good, decent power.

239 hp, premium sound system, 4 wheel drive, iPod jack.

The leg room is great and comfort, of course the styling, and just dependability of Toyota. I have all options except the rear woofer.

No carpet. So its easy to clean after hunting and fishing. And of course the power this thing will pull a house! The back up sensor is nice as well,makes paralell parking a breeze. The glove box on the drivers side is nice. 

It looks great. Someone called it a mini Hummer. No question it's a great looker.

The radio with sub woofer is a great radio. Sounds clear at all volumes. I really like the back doors, makes it easy to put things in the back seat without having to walk around a door. The best thing of all is old fashioned heater/air conditioner, radio controls. Fun & easy. 

Easy shift from 2wd to 4wd. Powerful engine and smooth transmission shifting. Got TRD rims and exhaust and all the other stuff that came with the car. 

No carpet, three wipers, ease of the rear door compared to a tail gate or lift gate, back seat is roomy enough for an average adult

Go anywhere, anytime. First opinion of the dash... hated it, but now absolutely love it and prefer it over my wife's Lexus. It is unique and functional. 

I have driven the FJ to Moab and it made the off-road driving look way too easy and much too comfortable.

I love the roof rack

Unique style, perfect size, perfect combination of engine & drive train, solid & smooth handling, best interior designs, and so on.

Looks a lot like my old 1978 Crusier but a lot more fun to drive , great sounding C/D player

Sound system, rubber mats and floor, white roof.

Styling, power, torque, lockers, easy to clean interior and reliability.

Off road capablities. Front seats are comfortable. Caution: Do not buy this as a cool looking urban SUV as the fuel economy is not good.

Huge cabin, easily cleanable interior and seating, huge ground clearance.

Looks, handling.

Favorite feature to this vehicle is the ease of driving. The back door opens to the left. The configurations of the seat to haul stuff in the back. The glass on the back door also opens. The sub-woofer and cd changer. The compass and elevation gauge.

Suggested Improvements

Classy look and reliable engine.

Looks fab! It is beefy, but also small enough to fit in town.

The off road comfort. I swear it likes off roading more than anything else. The interior is perfect for adventure racing... spray it out!! It's perfect!!

The FJ looks great. It has a modern look with plenty of retro cues. The long wheelbase to length ratio makes it feel nimble for a SUV. The simplicity and functionality of the interior is refreshing in a modern vehicle - big knobs, easy to reach controls, full gauges, plenty of storage space.

Looks and not much else.

The fold down seats and the dash board controls.

A true off road capable SUV that does not beat you up on the road (wind noise, steering, ride, etc.).

The wideopen views from the front cockpit. 5K towing capacity. Amazing off road capability out of the box. The good looks. The no mess interior, get it dirty and just wipe it down.

Ride, comfort and stable. Fun to drive.

The sound system is just super. The oil filter location is great for quick oil change.

Looks. Off-road capabilities.

Great looks. Great performance. Lots of features to make an engineer smile -- for all the cons people list there are twice as many "why aren't they all designed like this?" pros. Climbs like a tank and really smooth at highway speeds. Perfect vehicle for what I needed.

Off road capability and style.

Rubberized interior, lights on mirrors, retro look, roof rack, 6 disc cd changer, reverse opening doors. Off road capabilities are great. 

Overall aggressive look and solid feel of car combined with the simplicity of the cockpit layout. Back up sensor... no neck craning just listen for aural warning.

Looks, ride, and sense of confidence in this ride.

Rugged feel, roof rack, Toyota quality, FJ heritage.

Feel like a kid - looking for reasons to go driving.

Styling. 4x4 enhancements (lockers and ATRACK). Interior Fabric. Engine. Rear legroom. Radio. Steering wheel controls.

Overall design, rugged interior, able to do real off road stuff in stock form.

Ride height makes for great visibilty. On the fly 4wd is handy for that sudden downpour with rain flooding the highway. Its utilitarian interior is built for functionality. Easy to maintain, easy to clean.

Unbelievable off road. Best I've ever been in. Great stereo. The many little thoughtful things Toyota put in the interior, easy to clean. Fun to drive. Look at the engine - it's pure genius - you can actually reach the oil filter! Stereo levers on steering wheel. This vehicle is amazing.

Really lights up the road at night! Controls are big just like my hands! Roomy driver's seat. 4X4 is functional and easy to operate.

Handling, performance.

Three words: three windshield wipers! How can anybody not like having three on the windshield! I also like the compartment on the dashboard on the driver's side.

Looks.

It looks great and I know I can take it anyplace.

Ride height. Stereo with the aux port for my mp3 player. Dash layout. Oil filter sitting on top of the motor close enough to turn by hand. LARGE center console. Washable interior. Looks. List of standard features. Price.

Styling, backup assistance.

Interior, four-wheel drive system, looks, functionality of all devices, power.

Roomy, comfortable, fun, overall a great ride.

Off road is obviously one of my favorite features. I have found myself straying off the main road through new construction sites, fire trails, and ORV parks more then I ever expected. Its like the FJ is Herbie the love bug of off-road. It wants me to drive through the mud, over rocks and up steep hills.

Everything.

Styling is great. 

No one single item. 

Reverse alarm is a must have.

Off road capability, responsive handling and short turning radius

Solid rear axle, locking differential, subwoofer with 6 disc changer and iPod hook-up, sport cloth interior, styling, comfort, hard/plastic sufrace floors. 

Shift on the fly 4 wheel drive, the 6 disc changer sterio with an auxiliary jack to plug in my iPod and the 17 inch rims.

 Its offroad performance.

Love the looks. Love the ride.

Engine quality and chassis clearance, the traction control is so good I rarely need to engage 4-wheel drive, and the ride quality is deceptively calm over rough road surfaces. 

One of the best designs by Toyota. 

The ride is very smooth. Good brakes.

B.B. has a powerful engine. When we go storming up hills, there is no engine lag. When we decide to merge onto the highway, no issue. She gets to some number higher than 55 rather quickly. Also, the back has enough room for my golf clubs and garbage bags.

No nonsense, straightforward functionality of interior features and adjustable controls, welcoming fit of driver environment and seating, imposing exterior stance and strong visual connection to years gone by safari images. 

Engine power, handling, style. Looks like the little black tank that could! Just fun to drive anytime, rain or shine! Makes my miserable 90 mile round trip to work so much more enjoyable too!

