

Auto-dimming side mirrors, automatic lights, rain-sensor wipers, auto-start. All these features allow me to focus on DRIVING the truck!

power. and more power. button for 4x4 on and off

Got great gas mileage coming back from Pittsburgh to NJ @ 23 MPG LOVE everything about this truck, but tires and cup holders

XM, Easy to keep clean interior, The Bose audio system is GREAT, 6.0 liter motor and 4:10 rear end is a perfect combo for getting down the road loaded or empty. Remote Start for those cold/hot days! The look of the truck is great and the amount of in dash and in seat storage is more than adequite.

Exterior looks and get up and go when you need it.

I like the way the engine sounds. One of the many unique features are the turn signal automatic alarm.

XM Satillite Bose radio with steering wheel controls and rear separate radio for the siblings, excellent ride and handling even while towing. Dual HVAC, comfortable adjustable seating. 



Pretty much everything, design of the 18" wheels is sharp and really dresses up the exterior.

Safety!!!!!! What can I say? We probably would be dead in many other vehicles. I am definitely sold on this truck! In fact, my dad is buying a new one, also.

Styling. 4.8 V8. Free OnStar for one year. Smooth ride and suspension 

Styling, gas mileage, engine performance, towing capabilities

The entire truck works together well to my delight.

The active fuel management and flex fuel is a worthy option. As is the side curtain airbags at $395.00. Ride and handling. Truck has a " take no prisoners" look to it.

I think this truck is perfect! I love everything about it.

The ability to connect my iPod without having to get any extra gadgets. Sounds dumb, but sound is important. The power is great.

Appearance, dark blue exterior, tan leather interior, and 20" wheels. It is the truck on the cover of the brochure. I love the no cost E85 option. Great ride, performance, and gas mileage too!

Drivers Information Center, flex fuel, LTZ interior

170 degree opening rear doors on the extended cab. OnStar. Steering wheel mounted controls. Displacement on demand

Steering, suspension, steering wheel radio controls, instrument panel and MP3 ready stereo. 



Locking rear diff. ,E85 capability, resonable price for regular cabs, and good warranty 

OnStar, fully opening extended cab doors, remote start, abs , stability control, Z71 off road package, easy tailgate, cargo management systems 

Fuel management system. The Instruments in the IP. The comfort of the ride. The design of the front end.

Smooth ride, great V8 power and sound, extra storage above the standard glovebox and under the middle of the bench seat very useful, and power opening rear windows on extended cab.



Front chrome grill and headlights

Comfortable seating, split HVAC controls, wide range of drivetrain options and Z71 option available in 2WD platform. Extended cab has gobs of room.



Great ride, power and style.

Smooth acceleration, great brakes. Handsome styling, nice interior finish. Seating comfort, but most of all the feel when you drive the truck

Reverse warning sensors, power sliding rear window,adj. pedals, power folding mirrors

Tow haul mode, which is available with every engine Chevy offers, not like Toyota

New instrument cluster, and over all new exterior design

Navagation system, captian chairs, XM radio, all the controls in the steering wheel, and the stability control, along with the new positive traction.

Fit and finish. Handling. Ride and comfort. 

I really liked the new interior design. The exterior design was very nice.

Flexibilty

Strong motor, great interior design, excellent new body.

Driver area layout and instrument panel, also really like the new body style.

The engine and auto 4 wheel drive until they break down also. Be very careful before paying for this truck.

Handling and roomy rear seat for kids. Rear seats fold up for storage. Tons of storage.

Auto trans, remote start, fog lamps, and fold down center console for the bench seat. Also I like the upgraded aluminum wheels.

Interior design. Easy tip-in on throttle from stop. Quiet operation and ride.

On board computer. New gauge cluster. New improved exterior, ride and sound improvements.

The instrument panel, comfortable seats, great sound system, plenty of head and leg room, leather wrapped steering wheel! 

Integrated Radio/Nav System/Voice. You can tell the car verbally what radio station you want, or where you want to navigate to, and it does the rest.

Too many great things about this truck to number but the one thing that I love the best is the ergonomics of the driver?s area. Everything I want and all within reach of the most comfortable seat I've experienced to date in a truck. Also I love the hands free calling which OnStar provides.

Seats, steering, and convenience of all control switches. Also like all the safety features and the tech equipment.

Displacement on demand. Remote start. Truely drives more like a car than a truck!

Ride and looks of vehicle

The wood dash and leg room. The fuel economy is great for a truck.

Body style and interior are excellent. Dash, lighting,and storage spotsare my favorite.

Exterior design has a mean look and the build quality is great. It sounds good when you close the door. No tin sound and it is fun to drive. It goes.

I will call it my 327 cubic inch V-8. With 315 horses, its all the power you will need. 

New aggressive styling, MAX engine, NAV. Only ever bought 2500 HD for the 6L but this 6L in a 1500 is great. I off-road in CO. quite a bit, and cannot wait to get these horses rolling at 12,000+ ft. You must get the NAV system it is the best because of the touchscreen. 

Vortec engine is very powerful. Durable, proven Allison transmission!

The look of this truck is great.

Ride, comfort, the entire thing.

Exterior looks. Bold bodystyle. Old look but still has Chevy tuff look.

Nice ride.

Looks great, 5.3 Vortec seems to be a very solid powerful engine. Quiet, strong, and smooth. I'm sure performany would be even better if I had the 6 speed automatic trans but oh well. Interior of the truck is great, very comfortable to drive back and forth to work as well as travel cross country.

Auto 4wd, flex fuel capability, great ride quality

The style of the body is nice, but I like the GMC Sierra style more. The XM radio is a must, as well as the audio control on the steering wheel. The driver information is very useful and accurate with the gas mileage, tire pressure and oil change notification, the anti-skid and traction control.

XM, "Looks," back doors that open all the way back to the cab, tow hooks. 

Looks. Great looking truck. Black on gray leather. Interior is very nice. Computer information is very handy. Tire pressure, oil life, etc.

Navigation system, XM radio, leather, styling, comfort, gadgets ease of use, power sliding rear window, Homelink, Z- 71 and Max trailoring package, bed space, OnStar and hands free calling are handy. Wife loves memory seating with adjustable peddles, (If I let her drive it!) Backup sensors spoil me!

Large cabin space, plenty of room for six adults. 4.8L V-8 has a lot of guts. Rubber floors are easy to clean. Runs smooth & very quiet. Even the Dodge & Ford owners look at this truck while I drive by!

XM radio, OnStar, dual climate control, backup sensors, automatic headlights with daytime running lamps. Fog lights, leather, and pretty much everything

Liked the back doors that would swing 170 degrees

Love the ride

Auto head lights, small block fury, exhaust

The whole truck is very solid! The doors and tailgate feel great. Makes my friends Toyota feel like a toy!

Interior is spacious and the new instrument panel layout is terrific. I really like the OnStar which I use quite often as well as the DIC which helps me manage my driving habits to get the optimum fuel economy.

Power. Handling, sound, cool reg cab short bed look



Plenty of power; OnStar; power everything; 20" wheels; leather seats; Plenty of room; looks great



Exterior style. Radio and heat/AC controls. MPG. Oil life monitor. Range of vehicle - one long trip, put 578 miles on one tank and still had 4 gallons left in tank at fill (34 gallon tank).

Comfortable seats and ride, controls on steering wheel are nice. With 3 grandchildren, there is plenty of room in the back seat area! 

5.3 V8 is outstanding, towing performance, quiet and smooth ride, retro dash and gauges, great body design, storage areas, highway gas mileage, new stereo and temp control, low rumble exhaust.

Clearance.

Auto 4X4, rear slider, OnStar, rear drum brakes.



Ride, looks, engine, interior, and build quality. I have truly been amazed with how quiet, smooth, and solid my Silverado is. The 5.3 Vortec is very powerfull! The engine is smooth and responsive, tranny shifts like butter. Also love the comfy seats 

Quiet and comfortable. Good sound system with mp3 jack.

The truck rides smooth, transmission shifts gears smoothly, the truck sits higher than other trucks, and the 2nd glove compartment is nice.

Seats are very comfortable, OnStar is great

Ergonomic/Simple but elegant controls. New body style. Roomy interior. Comfortable seating. OnStar. Fuel economy (in comparison to other full size trucks). Automatic lights. Security designed keys. Aggressive/elegant look. 

looks good 

The OnStar with all of its capabilities. The new bodystyle all flared out. The MP3 stereo with the XM radio!

Heated washer fluid, Driver Information Center, power foldaway mirrors, OnStar

General interior design. Gauges are easy to read. Rides great. Backup sensors is a great feature.

Subtle bold and classic truck appearance. Classy quality interior. Strong Engine. Smooth ride. 20" wheels. OnStar is excellent. XM radio (Disney for the kids). Rear headrest DVD in both seats (no fighting over what to watch with a boy and girl on long trips). Good truck bed space for hauling.

The front end is just about perfect and the truck is virtually maintenence free. Also, the on-road handling is superior to any truck I've owned in the past.

Ease of use of control panels and radio

The sheer brute size. Comfortable ride and soft leather. Radio is great. Consistantly smooth accelleration. Features galore! Feels like a luxury vehicle. 

Interior looks great. Bose stereo. 20" rims. 

Active fuel management (running on 4 cylinders when 8 are not needed), tight handling without sacrificing smooth, quiet ride.

Power seats, heated seats, remote start, heated washer fluid, XM radio, OnStar, safety pkg. Hate the gas mileage though. Have not seen the rated 22 on freeway yet with 780 miles and 720 Freeway miles. 15/16 is more like it..

To have a 5,000 lb truck that will 4X4 and tow heavy loads while providing me an awesome smooth & quiet ride is a feat of great engineering. The interior decibel rating for outside noise is less than a luxury Audi A6. What a combination, I'm ready to buy another one, just need to get miles on this one

Bose sound system, smooth ride, 20" rims.

My favorite feature would definitely be my towing mirrors

Rear parking sensors. Steering wheel controls for radio & cruise. Moisture speed-sensitive wiper blades. Remote start. Locking glove box. Ability to turn-off daytime headlights. Get turn by turn directions from OnStar for locations that I've downloaded from Mapquest.

Smooth ride, gas mileage, new ext cab doors and windows are great.



Can't comment on power train yet because it hasn't been tested yet. Best features are the entire interior. Interior is absolutely top notch. I have the LT2 w/leather.

Quiet smooth ride. Bose stereo. LTZ interior. Exterior styling.

This truck has everything that I wanted. Their really is no favorite item

Power, ride, looks and new warranty.

Ride, power, quiet

Beautiful 18" wheels and rims, sound system, instrument panel and controls

My favorite feature is the back seats. You can pull them up instead of laying them down for more cargo room. I also like all the space under the hood to work on it. Nice! Back seats are very comfortable. More head space.

Remote start, OnStar, interior/exterior appearance; ride; power; back-up sensor.

Looks and drives real nice. Get many comments on how good the truck looks. Has many standard options that were extras on my older Chevy pickups.

Backseats liftup. Body style. OnStar system. Auto lights. Plenty of room in hood to work on engine if needed. Sound emitted out of muffler is great. Radio speakers sound great and loud even I'm hearing-impaired. 

Drive comfort and handling. Good power engines,and roomy interior. Nice exterior looks.

OnStar built-in prepaid cell phone. Fully opening extended cab doors. Limited slip rear axle. Fully wired 7-way trailer connector. Power rear windows.

Seat comfort, OnStar

Steering wheel controls, HVAC, DIC, Flex fuel, leather seats, XM and OnStar hands free calling which can be linked to Verizon. I did not originally want the locking tailgate but love the locking feature in conjunction with my tonneau cover.

OnStar, XM, 6 Disc CD, folding mirrors, VMax options and power, 18" rims, Drivers Info Center, leather, Z71 package.

New dash design, steering wheel mounted radio controls, power sliding rear window.

Remote start, Bose sound system, all the bells and whistles! Leather, style, ride, and comfort. 

MP3 CD compatible, auxilary input, 5.3L V8 with active fuel management (average 16 mpg), climate control

Driver Information Center- I can't quit fiddling with the control because I want to see all of the information. Love the dual climate controls. Love the storage under the middle seat (with a power point).

Looks good, good sound system. Easy to get in and out of truck. Interior and exterior is good.

Back-up sensors,tilting mirrors when you back up, the ride is excellent, and the power that you get out of the 5.3L. Also leather interior, Stabilitrak and the ride are top notch

I love the radio controls on steering wheel. 

Turn signal warning, XM radio

The suspension is like that of a Cadillac, the interior and exterior design is on point. The LTZ package is superb.

Parking assist, OnStar, auto folding mirrors

Handling, power, and interior.



Locking differential,OnStar,and the 295 horsepower as well as cheap insurance due to the many safety features. In short, Chevrolet hit a home run with this truck.

The suspension and transmission are smooth and perform well. The OnStar and XM gadgetry has also been a plus.

I love the back-up sensors, the tilting mirrors when you back up, the ride is excellent, and the power that you get out of the 5.3L

Fit and finish. Leather interior. Good power. Handles great.

The AFM and power of the 5.3L engine. I also like the handling, nothing like my older trucks.

The great new body style, 20 inch wheels/tires, stadium style flip up rear seats, remote start, steering wheel controlls for radio and cruise that light up at night, instruments are easy to see, great flip down console with tons of useful storage, quiet cabin.

I love the handling and the ride quality is superb. The OnStar is wonderful

