Exterior looks great and stereo system is awesome.

Love the red lights on interior. Really hugs the road.



Lines of the car's silhoutte, the motor, gorgeous chrome rims, the motor, go-kart handling, the motor, snug as an isotoner glove cockpit, the motor, exhaust note and turbo whistle, and last but not least, that wonderful turbo motor.

Power and feel of the car. Great styling. It reminds me of the 1953 Vette's simple and pure roadster design. 

The amazing 2.0 L turbo, very fast and extremely economical.

The design is very Italian with a British interior.

The body style of the Solstice is so very beautiful and eye catching! It rivals any foreign sports car, if you ask me.

The gas mileage is ok for a 4cy turbo. And the factory stereo is really good. But most of all, the heater, you could could cook muffins with this thing. 40* outside, top down. Turn the heater on and you will stay warm. Not hot!!

Great looking, comfort. Great handling, get up and go.

Styling, radio, interior comfort, ease of top down.

Just too much fun to drive!

Power, convertible, handling, looks. American company, mileage,18" wheels (handling and mileage ride). Ladys love this thing, I guess almost as much as a Mustang! 

Exterior design head and shoulders above anything else out there! My leather seats are gorgeous! I love the two-tone design. Stereo system rocks.

Radio adjusts as my speed or noise factor changes. I love that feature!

I love the look and the power. I've got a Lincoln stretch limo & Town Car if I need space--this one's my toy! It's so hot looking and fast as hell--I'm gonna lose my license if I don't keep off the gas!

Styling in & out is head turning. The stereo is top shelf. Love the acceleration

Styling, shape. The exterior is beautiful and when you flip the hood forward, the engine and turbo draw a good look too.

Speed, gas mileage

Engine! GM needs to use it in every vehicle!

Performance, handling, braking, awesome Monsoon stereo. Love the looks I get. It's great that GM offers performance parts right at the dealer like the Scion/Toyota is doing.

Body style and turbo.

The stereo is killer, great sound with the top up or down. The looks of this car are it's best feature. Did I mention the turbo?

I love the body styling and the GXP engine performance. I especially love the "mean yellow"!!

Fun performance, great handling and braking. Good gas mileage if you try. Monsoon stereo is amazing and the top is easy to use.

When I found out that this car is faster 0 to 60 than My Porsche Boxster S I got excited. The steering is nice and quick, the shifting is crisp and the brakes feel like you just droped an anchor. The clam shell hood is so neat. Not to mention the great looking Turbo engine.

Styling, handling, seat comfort

Overall design.The 18 inch wheels. The low end torque.

Performance, handling, styling. The XM radio and sound system are top shelf. The lack of turbo lag and 5 speed transmission make this car a blast to drive. Love talking to folks when they ask about the car, which is every time I drive it. 

Its extreme good looks. The leather interior is very comfortable. The most comfortable car I have ever driven.

Exterior design is gorgeous. I love the radio design.



Firm suspension, tight handling, lots of power/pep during acceleration, smooth ride. Fun to drive. Amazing head room for a convertible. More room than my Grand Prix and I'm 5'9". Comfortable seating. More comforable and softer ride than my friend's 2006 Corvette. 

Exterior and interior styling along with the options makes this car a prize to drive. Can't take anything away from it.



The stereo is awesome - get this car loaded...the XM satellite is GREAT is you like variety. I even got the Onstar and loaded the phone with minute. I LOVE to use it when I driving in heavy traffic. 

interior controls well positioned. The GXP engine provides plenty of pep lacking in the earlier models.

handling, comfort of the seats and it being a real head turner

Exterior styling and performance. Seats are also very comfortable which actually surprised me.

Top down, with wind deflector up, country roads, manual transmission is just a delight. Traction control is useful especially with the manual. And, Oh God its pretty!

While I do not have a favorite feature, I also do not have a least favorite feature.

Power, handling, A+ fun factor. The steering wheel integration with radio & tech info display is well thought out. Manual top design is very stylish and simple to use for this relatively inexpensive car. Hard rear window w/defogger is a nice touch.

Handling,Seating/driving position. Comfort on long trips, peppiness more than sufficient in real world driving. Solid at all speeds. Highway stability in passing trucks. Smooth automatic. Service ease; Unique clamshell manual top storage. Unique roof 4 Convert/Roadster. Just the best car out for the $

turbo, performance

The lines/curves of the exterior, the acceleration and handling, seats that fit like a glove.

The satellite radio is a must, especially when combined with the audio system. 

Body design, road handling, the feel in the cockpit, the horizontal g-forces, the looks I get from Porsche drivers.

EVERYTHING!!! This car turns heads of young and old and it is just damn nice to look at.

Beautiful clean design, rounded and looks like an old roadster, not a matchbox toy car with hard lines.

I love the body style! It looks like a porsche, but the price is not!!

Handling

Roof is easy to operate. Controls are easy to see and operate.

The sound of the turbo, gauges, and how could I forget, the beautiful exterior. 

I like the satellite radio and sound controls on the steering wheel.

looks engine and value

Drives and turns like a sports car should. Just fun to drive.

Styling is the most favorite feature

Styling! Classic lines that will always look good. The deck lid with the humps. Yes the top requires more work than a miata but once stowed, there is no comparison.

Design is fantastic!

Exterior looks awesome! XM radio is great. Premium sound system is good. Stock engine and exhaust sounds decent in low rpms.

Is the convertible top

everything



The looks would only be the favorite feature not thing more.

leather seats are fantastic. the guages look great and the red dials are awesome.

Looks and corner handling. Also, the leather is nice.

I love the color of silver and black together...my leather seat is very comfortable and the stereo rocks...

I love the 5 speed manual transmission and the way the car handles. It is never "hot rodded" and does everything we need performance wise while being economical to purchase. It is so smooth that my wife and I laugh when we remember the old days with the clutch and the hills. Just a joy! 

Great comfortable ride. Superb handling, but still a soft highway ride. The car's styling.

Exterior looks, top-down driving, sports car experience.

Ease of operation of manual folding top. Overall fit and finish and solid road feel are more than I ever expected from a vehicle of this size

Handling, comfortible ride for small car for anyone under six feet, good power, styling. 

