Handling, roominess (trunk!).

Not bad gas mileage at around 30 highway. Ride is not that great and power stinks. 

Great gas mileage.

Excellent gas mileage if you use a good 87 octane gas such as BP. My Focus mileage suffers a bit if I buy cheaper gas. This situation has not been the case with other cars I have owned. Heated seats in winter weather. You'll be money ahead if you get antilock brakes and better suspension. 

Comfort in all seats, good leg room in rear, even for my teenagers. Great color options, (Where else can you get Aqua? I can find my Focus in any parking lot!) Great gas milage, with over 32 MPG fully loaded on trips, over 30 with normal driving. Trunk space is much larger than others in its class.

Good pick up, the gas is great, the interior doesn't stain easily, 4 cup holders, mp3 player

Flip down the one seat and put my skis and boots in side and away I go! 

Ours has great and quick get up and go. Easy to manuever.

Price very good, Fuel mileage excellent.Good interior space. fold down rear seat a positive feature. 

Intake note, equipment-to-price ratio, plenty of interior storage, sweet wheel and tire combo, great seats, decent sound system, lots of room in the back seat, even for a relatively tall person. Foglamps are quite bright. Lots of compliments on thestyling. Ice-cold A/C. Flex- antenna on roof!

Tight feel, sporty ride. Fun to drive. Beautiful exterior styling. Best car available for the money.

Sport utility versatility with that sports car feel with econobox fuel economy. May not be the most reliable, but a good value.

Interior space throughout and the rear seat pulls up with the seat backs laying down flat. Great SE features. Great safety features that will protect from bad drivers. Great Ford service and incentives.

The seats are nice and stiff and there is a lot of head room.

The 2 tone interior gives it a nice sporty look. Trunk/hatch holds a lot more than I thought it would.

Sony 6CD AM/FM make the car more comfortable for daily use. I was surprised at the good handling in curves and turns. Exterior design and features of the SES give it a very good look.

Heated seats, 600 watt stereo with subwoofer, 4 wheel disc brakes with ABS, traction control, sunroof.

MPG, cruise control, quiet, power windows, simple accessible engine, handling around corners.

Great steering and handling, smooth ride for a small car. Responsive engine, with good mileage. Quiet interior at highway speeds for a small car.

The roadholding and powerband coordination in the 55-75 mph range on hilly two lanes. The CD/radio. The seats. The charisma of the pitch black exterior and tinted windows with the multi-spoke alloy wheels. Comfortable driving/control position. The smooth ride but still sporty.

Space, performance, economy.

Handling, steering, fuel economy, interior room, hatchback availability (I know there aren't many other Americans who share my view, but I really like hatchbacks for both utility and styling), stereo quality.

Moonroof, sound system and ABS. 

My favorite features include the spacious interior, heated seats, spacious trunk, and the Pueblo Gold clearcoat exterior paint. My absolute favorite is Focus' proven safety features. 

My fav's on this car would be the interior room, the more "rounded" design from the first model, and the torquey "clutch".

Handling.

Roomy for a small car.

6 disc in dash cd player, subwoofer, street appearance package, 2.3L Duratech 24, tuned suspension system.

MP3 player along with the telescoping steering wheel.

Adjustable seats and interior room make the drive comfortable. 

Engine/transmission, heated cloth seats. ABS and front/side airbags. Great features for a car this size and price range.

Manual transmission makes it zippy. Easy to park. TONS of room. 

Tilt and telescope steering wheel, audio controls on steering wheel, auto volume control to overcome road noise. Styling. Smooth transmission and cruise control. Hatchback release on dash. Auto courtesy lights, tight turning radius. Rear wiper.

FUN to drive. Powerful A/C and heat. Radio plays MP3s. Comfortable, supportive seats. Tilt and telescope wheel. Standard 4-disk anti-lock brakes on the ST. Distinctive red accented charcoal interior. Very easy to get in and out.

Most of the standard features are really good. I like the speed sensitive volume control and the fact that you can pick and choose options. 

CD player, alarm, the dash redesign is amazing! I love the fact that it's a hatchback- so much stuff fits. The car beeps until everyone in the front has on their seatbelts.

The charcoal grey color and the seating.

I like the drive and my Focus is a pzev partial zero emissions vehicle; other features nice but for a low price car don't expect a lot.

Good ride, handling and road feel for inexpensive compact car. $2500 rebate on 2007 Focus allows you to get a 2007 Focus very nicely equipped for a good price. Trunk quite large for small car and trunk lid arms are out of the way. Transmission seems to be quick to downshift when needed. Like body style. 

MPG and looks...the 2 tone interior gives it a nice sporty look. Trunk/hatch holds a lot more than I thought it would.

Braking ability, good cargo space, exterior design, steering and handling, quickness, CD/MP3/radio system, interior room.

Radio controls in the column, stick, 6 disk Sony sound system w/sub, tuned suspension system, moon roof, street appearance package.

6-disc in-dash CD/mp3 player, audio controls on steering column are handy.

MPG verses room. 30+ mpg no matter how I drive it. Top mpg has been 37 so far with a 4 speed automatic.

Peppy, cute, roomy for a small car, smooth ride.

Performance, gas mileage, luxury interior.

Interior comfortable, solid, quiet at all speeds. Very ergonomic, not goofy like the Yaris. Pull the front seats up a notch, plenty of room for backseat drivers. Large trunk. Back seat bottom cushions flip up like Honda Fit. Backs fold down flat. Oil filter in plain sight, easy to reach.

Great acceleration, nice design, spacious for a big driver like me, lots of little areas for storage, smooth ride on the highway, handy for small parking spaces, lots of storage in the back (I don't usually have passengers - just stuff).

Stick shift. CD player and radio controls. Interior trunk release.

Interior, availability of ease of controls. Driver friendly. Looks very sporty and very large trunk for storage.

Head room in the backseat

Gas Milage, price

Style

we tried to call customer service regarding the perille tires and they tell us it is out of their hands and too bad. we have to pay it.

Heated seats! CD slot! Sunroof! Mag wheels look cool! Excellent handling, comfort...

Everything! I must stay that the performance, the small size of the car (so if I need to squeeze in a tight parking space I can do it easily), the gas mileage, the sound of my car with my mods on it... just everything about my car!

Comfortable seating, nice sound system, plenty of nice features and tech equipment. Like the 2.3 and the power. Car sound nice too with the upscaled exhaust.

MPG

Spacious, plenty of headroom, comfortable, CD & radio, removable cupholders, heat and a/c are both superb, steering, tilt & cruise control, good mpg both city & highway

Gas mileage isnt too bad. I do a lot of stop and go driving, but it could be worse.

Comfort, radio, versitlity, fun ride, five speed, the heat and a/c will blow you out of the car with small cool and heat of times.

MP3/CD player and the Bose speakers

Written by: 

Gas mileage

Steering, control, acceleration

Seating height.

Street appearance (GFX) package. Makes it look like the WRC Focus. 2.3 L. Sport suspension. 4 wheels disk brakes. Leather & suede interior seats. Audiophile stereo with Sony speakers & sub. Foldable & heated mirrors 

My favorite feature is that there is plenty of head room. 

Spacious interior, smooth shifting, can handle extremely high speeds rather well, removable cupholders, good mpg, solid brakes. 

Good gas mileage, easy to park, roomy interior and trunk space.

Premium sound system sounds great. Roomy trunk for a small car. Comfortable heated seats.

Love the styling of the hatchback. Ford needs to bring this model back. The '08 is not something I would buy.

30 mpg combines as high as 45 mpg on highway trips. Quick car, great gas mileage. very dependable. I am hard driver and car never complains

Low price, good mileage, nice color (tour-red), good cargo space 

Standard height-adjustable driver's seat

Heated seats, and stereo

Heated seats and mirrors, telescopic tilt steering, lots of power for a 4- cyl, great handling, 6-CD stereo system, sporty look, hatchback is fairly roomy and the fold-down rear seats are a bonus when you need to fit a little extra, cup holders in doors, tachometer, manual crank for seat height



Great mpg w/out a lead foot driver, comfortable ride in town, sporty look w/ses model, good a/c system, wipers are very quiet, 6 cup holders, soft seats that sit higher for taller people, and large trunk area!

MPG, handling, fun to drive, reliable, affordable, good sound system.

Love the gas mileage. Not flooring it at lights and a 55mph (I know, slow) speed on highways has yielded 320-350 miles a tank.(33mpg) One all highway trip got us 430miles on one tank!

Fuel economy, 5 speed manual transmission, sunroof, ride & handling

Being able to say that my five passenger compact sedan has 6 cupholders, folding seats for hauling as much as an SUV. (well, almost) Good gas mileage (low to mid 30's) Only compact that combines practical conservative style with fun youthful features and awesome handling. More headroom than Honda.

Fun to drive, good handling, good gas mileage. Sharp looking sporty sedan in the Infa Red clearcoat.

Excellent fuel economy. Quick steering. Comfortable ride. Good visibility. High seating position. Good radio (with volume automatically adjusted depending on speed). Quiet engine at normal driving speeds.

The whole car

Handling is the best of any small car. Tops in fuel mileage.

Gas mileage, price, handling

Great gas mileage, radio, trunk space

Steering, radio. 

Stereo system, 5-speed manual, & performance, also gas mileage.

Performance, 5-spd trans, stereo, seats provide good comfort and support. Map lights and entry dimmers are nice touch for low-end compact. Lots of fun to drive. Hope to keep for many years. Price was good, 3000 rebate.

Handling, even torque, smooth shifter heated leather seats-makes the interior look quite upscale audiophile sound system...it rocks! Appearance package-sweet looks very cool

Sporty look, peppy engine

Design, handling, engine performence, value per dollar was a big plus. 

Handling, exterior appearance, fuel economy, interior comfort and simplicity.



Love the leather interior. Looks good and is very durable. Seats are comfortable. Great acceleration, good mileage, glass moonroof, remote entry and trunk release is very convenient. drives and handles like a dream. Smooth ride. Vertical adjustment on drivers seat is a plus. Large trunk.

Heated seats, heated mirrors, a rear windshield wiper,speed sensitive volume control, getting 25-37 for mpg. 

The red inserts in the seats,carbon fiber dash, peppy 5-speed and easy to mod. Handles like a dream, turns on a dime! I have the look of an SES, cause I hate the big gaudy wing and groundeffects are for kids. This car makes bold moves!

I guess my favorite feature is the amount of room in the back with the back seat folded down. I also like the remote locks. To me the darn car just looks very good. I like its looks better than the sedan's. Ford should have advertised it more. It's just the right size for a couple of retirees.

Gas mileage & handling.

Fuel, room, price

Handling, comfort, zippy, fuel economy, trunk space. The wagon almost looks good, like an early 90s Volvo.

It has more than ample to go up steep grades at 70 mph. The seats are very comfortable.

Handling, performance, comfort, radio, and last but not least, looks. 

Fold-flat rear seats creates a large cargo area, suitable for everything from 2-3 bikes to smaller bits of furniture. At speeds of 75-80 mph, fuel economy comes in at a consistent 31-33 MPG, even in hilly and windy conditions. Zippy performance in urban driving. Standard CD Mp3 is handy.

Great Interior, love the styling inside and out. Comfortable seating, and a quiet ride inside. Telescopic steering wheel.

Fun to drive, good mileage considering all the stop and go traffic, 27 mpg so far. Like the radio with MP3, can fit 80 to 90 of my favorite song on one CD.

I like having the 5-speed manual. It was difficult to find a manual.

Reasonable price--under $14K for a nicely loaded SES. Good mileage. Great looks. And, the handling. Huge trunk!

Seats, dash controls, transmission, engine, interior and exterior

Power, fuel economy, power windows, doors, outside mirrors. Size of trunk with turn down back seat. Fine radio and easy controls.

The stereo and the five speed manunal. It reponsive steering and braking. A fun ride that can really cruise on the highway.

Agile and peppy, nice appearance, no headsuppports in back seats that block visibility, roomy interior, good visibility and gas mileage

Driving fun, rack, room in back, European feel and controls (kooky as they may be), side air bags, decent stereo, price! Past experience with Tracers and Escorts leave me to expect excellent reliability. 

Fuel economy, handling, interior room for a compact car. Great power for a 2.0L automatic. 

All of the options, mileage, wife loves the pen holder, and the trunk is immense. We fit two 5 gallon gas tanks, a tool box, 2 flats of petunias, a 20 gallon cooler, 2 suitcases, garden tools and bucket. 2 pillows, $70 of groceries, a 6 pack of beer, a baby, a black lab, 2 baby bags, and my wife and I.

First car with remote keyless, sweet. Roomy nice low acceleration, engine growl. Cheap extended warranty (6 yr 72 months bumper to bumper for $450)

My favorite is the power of the 2.0L 4 cylinder engine and the gas mileage. Price was really nice too. 

Moonroof. Upgraded black interior and leather two-tone seats. CD/MP3 player.

Handling, enough power, good mileage. I am 6'1" and it is just big enough for me. huge trunk for its size. Ford dealers are willing to come down off price quite a bit compared to Honda and Toyota who are feeling pretty confident these days. Give Focus a look when shopping.

The engine is more zippy than expected. The interior and exterior are classy. The price is right, especially when combined with incentives. The fuel economy is right on the money. 

Great mileage city and highway. Interior is very well placed and all controls are at easy reach without thumbling for controls. Doors are wide for easy entry/exit. Side air bags on both vehicles are a very nice safety feature. 

Power, mileage, driver room, and trunk space.

Controls are easy to understand.

Peppy, sporty.

The look, feel, the acceleration. The MP3 player, the sound system. Quietness on the road

Sport utilty versatility with the sports car feel combined with good fuel economy. 

Suspension and interior



