Performance

looks, power, great brakes, nice handling. 

The car is just plain fun.The best bang for the buck for a sports car.

Cornering and acceleration. For the mid-lifers like me the seats are great with the best lumbar support I've found in any car.

Victory Red paint is perfect

Style, again one look and you know it is a Corvette with nothing else out there like it. Performance, nothing can touch it for the money and many far more expensive can not either. (Sorry Viper)

400 horses 

Great performance, great ride, looks great also

Engine

High low-rpm torque response. Rear hatch and t-top. Comfy seats. 

Power top, looks and power.



Performance and looks, what else can one ask for.

The automatic roof turns heads every time, HUD, navigation system, no key, and victory red is the way to go.

Gas mileage, I get 23 in the city and 33 on the highway. Chevys has really out done themselves on desinging an excellent product. I have had it over a year and its been perfect car.

The coupe Corvette is a performance vehicle combining great looks, technology, and high end performance. Head Up Display, improved interior over pervious model, cargo space, seating comfort and it is a one of a kind and extremely enjoyable to drive. Reliability average recommend extended warranty.

Gas mileage. Incredible exhaust note. Quiet interior. 

400hp, exterior styling, lighter targa top, g-meter on heads-up, cup holder

Strong performance, Great brakes (Z-51 option) very comfortable seating, great Bose radio, Awesome styling.

Automatic top, navigation, the drive to work, the compliments I get on a daily basis. I got the montery red color that everyone comments on.

Targa roof, could not live without it. More than enough power for everyday driving. A great everyday car, unlike the Dodge Viper. Fun car to drive and great handling. I wish it was a little less noisy, but it is not bad. Car almost feels like a luxury sports car and a great buy for the money.

Tremendous acceleration, non-invasive stability control, strong brakes, good handling. Power windows that raise and lower slightly for a good seal on opening and closing the doors.

Acceleration

Comfort of ride. 

Fast, fun, well mannered in town, fast, fun, handles fantastically, fast, fun, head turner, comfortable, heads-up-display,

Great sound system, GPS, nice seats, AC works great.

Looks engine and fun to drive, when the rear end works.

My favorite feature is that they finally got rid of the flip headlights. The new headlights give it a sleaker and an impressive front end look. Also love the fender flares given it a European look. Outstanding Chevy engineers!

The space (I am 6 foot 250 pounds and it fits me like a glove), the gearbox and shifter, the navagation, t-top, the styling, handling, the pop-up display on the dash.

505 HP engine. OnStar. Nicer rims. Bigger brakes compared to the normal coupe. Nice stereo

Looks, horsepower, technology

The whole car: looks, handling, everything!

I can beat almost any car I pull up from a start or on the freeway which is suprising due to the fact that I live in scottsdale, az, there are a lot of people with fast cars here.

Just about everything...styling, handling, comfort, and power when you need it. Fuel mileage is excellent for this type of car. 

400 horses in a car that cuts through the air with less drag than an F22 Raptor. Heads up display with G-meter is very impressive and usefull. Navigation works excellent, except the voice command feature, Bose surround sound provides great quality sound for a stock system.

Great value for a performance car. T- top. Glass hatch/coupe looks like a C2 StingRay. Awesome engine power. Quad exhaust look. Cold a/c with top off. 

Atomic orange paint, nav, Onstar, 30 series rear tires, keeping the tradition of a true sports car as a stick shift.

Looks and performance

Exterior lines, heads up display, 400HP engine, stow away capability of targa in spacious trunk, big brakes, run flat tires, memory seat/steering wheel/exit position for two drivers, audio set up, leather interior, keyless entry/start.

Speed, acceleration and stability at speed. Great handling. Tame when driving conservatively, a brute when you ask for power. Beautiful lines and color (Monterey Red)



505 horses

Exclusivity: it's like being on my Harley.

The looks and the power were the draw for me as was the value.

The overall look and performance.

F55 Suspension, heads-up display, A6 automatic.

6 speed, F1 style shifter, brakes. Mid-range acceleration, looks, everything!

Integrated DVD navigation and stereo. Power folding top. Interior and exterior styling. Monterey red paint is beautiful.

Styling, engine, quickness of response to steering, brakes and of course, accelerator. Smoothness of powertrain power of brakes, instrumentation, overall build quality. Also, fuel economy impresses. I do a lot of freeway and I am averaging 22MPG...not bad for 400HP.

Outstanding performance, braking and handling.

The way it looks.

The seats, ride, handling, responsiveness, looks

505 horses

Power

Performance and looks of Victory Red

Handling, performance, style, braking ability.

OnStar is my favorite feature although the map built in top the radio is nice also not to mention the radio controls on the wheel.

Standard anti-lock brakes, run flat tires, and FOB (keyless). 

Classy low slung stance. Get the chrome wheels. Gobs of easily managed power the instant it's desired. Coupe does it all well for a daily driver. Wind buffeting noise is excessive over 50 mph with top off, even with windows up. 

The flip LCD screen and big engine 

Engine performance, personalization features

Exterior design and look.

Styleing, performance, targa top, lights, comp great wheels, shifter feel, clutch, power, fun to drive, handeling, obvious race inspiration. Radio, climate control, guages, seats, doors, remote entry. Z51 - if you cheerish the driving experience.

Head up display on windshield 6 Speed automatic with paddle shifter Lateral g force display meter And 400 horse power

Power, power, power. If you love pure raw power by just pointing your toes, this vehicle will not disappoint. Then all you have to do is flick your wrist and this rocket feels like it is on rails and flies to your distination. The feature most people overlook are great massive brakes. 

Fit and finish. Outstanding performance, acceleration, and comfort. Great comfort including ample leg and hip room. Best sports car for $50k!

Brutal accelleration and handling. Killer sound system by Bose.

Too many to mention

The power, interior design, and comfortable bucket seats.

Too many to list but keyless ignition is great.

Flawless paint. Traction control (this is a lot of car to handle with the TC off, but when it's on you feel like a top pro driver) and most of all the 427 small block engine and the sound and power that comes along with it. Acceleration like you can't believe.

Everything, from performance to esthetics, I can't go to sleep without spending some time looking at it every night!

Magnetic suspension and satellite nav. Two-tone seating. 

The engine. Super smooth power delivery all the way to red line in any gear. Like they say, "there is no replacement for displacement" and 28 mpg to boot.

In car audio and navigation system is fantastic. With OnStar, we also enjoy hands free telephone. The 6.0 liter power plant is always ready to go. I mean GO.

Navigation, XM radio, build quality, good fuel mileage.

The power top is great, fast, and never fails to amaze on-lookers.



XM radio, navigation, removable roof, instrument panel, and chrome rims.

Performance and reliably.

Acceleration, comfort, looks, features, build quality, heads up display, XM radio, seat memory including exit, targa roof (best of both worlds), and fun factor!

Acceleration is blinding.

I got the paddle shift automatic so that my wife can drive also, but I am enjoying it and prefer it to the stick. Heads-up, nav, XM radio, removable roof and color (Monterey red) with cashmere and chrome wheels makes a perfect combination

The whole thing. It really is a work of art. Buy the 5 spoke chrome wheels. They really look sharp and they change the whole appearance of the car. 

Only one is enough, 7.0 LS2 V8

