Fun to drive. Excellent mileage (as high as 41 mpg in low elevations, 46 in high elevations of Colorado). Legendary Toyota quality and value. No American car can match it.

Very roomy interior, and trunk space to be a small car!

Everything!

Efficiency, reliability, interior.



The user friendliness of this car, the trunk space is awesome, the amount of head room is nice for the taller crowd, easy parking, and the little compartments are great for things you need to have in reach.

Comfort & Looks

Engine, seats, stereo (for a cheap little car), trunk space, and Toyota reliability.

Fuel consumption... Engine... 

Trunk, interior, exterior, color, dependability

Excellent gas mileage even at 80mph on the hwy. Indigo ink is a very sharp color. Stock CD system. Reliability. 5-spd shifter.

Remote key lock

Antilock breaks, 6 air bags, felt these safety features is a real selling point. Like that it comes with anti theft features and alarm system like more expensive cars. Trunk inside release is a very good feature. Lights on mirro illuminate inside nicely while not interfering 

small engine, which gives less money for Republicans and owners of Exxon



Milage & Reliability

I love the spoiler in the back, the sterio system that it has, and the awsome colors. It's almost like it has a body kit on it too - I love my car!

Gas mileage

I like all the equipment that came on the LE. Power windows & door locks, cruise control, radio with CD player, all of the handy storage compartments, the interior trunk & gas cap release,rear window defroster, the nice cruise control and the pump up adjustable drivers seat.

Sleek interior, 6 cd changer in dash. 

Moon roof, manual transmission, comfortable seats.

Great gas mileage! My first tankful: 385 miles on 10 gallon of gas! (1/5 city driving and 4/5 highway 

Driver sits high even with the seat as low as possible. Rich looks and feel to materials. 

FUN TO DRIVE, sunroof, roomy for compact car, ground effects and trunk lid spoiler make it a looker.

It passes all minimum acceptability requirements except for the issue above.

Outside temp gauge. Daytime driving lights. Nice stereo for an entry level car. Toyota quality. Great on gas. 

Sporty looks, plenty of pickup for a small car.

Gas mileage. We went from 16 in our other vehicle to 32-35 in the Corolla. Has some good punch for a small car.

Body kit on S models and rear spoiler.

Ground clearance, small size, good looks.



I have not yet verified, but people say that it gives reasonable gas mileage.

Gas mileage, nice tight steering. Responsive around town. Gauges have a nice look. Auto headlights. Dirt cheap insurance for comp/coll.

Great interior design. Great gas mileage. 

Sporty look and great gas mileage.

Size is nice. Can park easy. Rear defrost and defrost for the side windows also great. 

Near hybrid mileage without being a hybrid (hybrids are not available with manual transmission). Teriffic visibility makes driving and parking in tight spaces fun. Oil and filter changes are also very easy. Toyota also provides better quality OEM Goodyear tires than expected an entry level car.

I like the seats in the S model much better that the LE or CE models. I am now in my 40s and can drive long distances, so the additional comfort, support and quality of the seats is a big plus for me.

Steering wheel is nice and solid. Dash quality looks great. Overall the car looks good. Their is no physical feature of this car that doesn't look good. Fuel economy. Can't complain a bit. 

The peppy little engine and 5 speed manual transmission make this a really fun car to drive. The dash layout and quality feel of the controls is a real plus. Huge trunk and lots of interior storage space. Fit and finish is excellent. 

Gas mileage, trunk space w/fold-down rear seats. I can fit a heck of a lot more in here than I though! I have gone furniture shopping and you would be surprised how much stuff you can fit.

HEPA filtration, gas mileage, compartments for storage, large trunk, maneuverability, roomy cabin.



none

It's blue.

Safety. Great gas mileage. 6 disc changer was nice. Roomy trunk.

You can really feel the cruise control.

I love the extras: sunroof, alloy wheels, ground kit. Where I live, foglights are useless, so I could have done w/o, but they add to the look of the sport model.

Looks, nice interior, great on gas, very very reliable, rides smooth.

Mileage isn't bad. Solid ride. Reliable. Comfortable driving position. 

Love the instrument panel and lay-out of dash. Very comfortable, smooth ride. Tons of power out of a small 4 cylinder. Sporty and fun to drive.

Gas mileage averaging about 34 mpg riding with a passenger daily and using the air conditioner.

Low cost to own, simple and dependable.

I love the color of interior and exterior. The knob locations are good. The seats are comfortable. 

Everything. Awesome gas mileage, still has the power, this is great!

Gas mileage, type s body is an improvement, tight manual, very reliable, reasonable price.

Value, drive, driving view, quietness, MPG.

Fuel economy, highway performance, storage areas, road handling, smooth shifting, plush seats.

Gas mileage, dependability, resale, sporty, sharp.

Moonroof, engine, ABS brakes, large trunk, great storage spaces, everything about this car is quality.

Gas mileage and temperature gauge.

Road manners, meaning ride and handling. Economy. Build quality.

6 cd changer, good fuel economy, nice trunk size, rear fold down seats, exterior design, black interior looks nice, nice a/c and cruise control.

The gas mileage is astounding for such a composed and willing vehicle. I averaged 35 for the first 2000 miles. No real compromise on power either, I can pass with confidence and without a lot of noise.

Great gas mileage. I drive 45 miles a day and I am getting every bit of the sticker posted gas mileage for the 5 spd (32 - 41). The Toyota also has a good size trunk for a small car, I've got my golf clubs, and a whole bunch of other stuff in there.

Amazing mpg, smooth shifting 5 speed, reliability, trunk space, spacious engine compartment. 

Design, fuel efficiency, ease of driving.

The outside look! It has a super sporty cute look! I love all the airbags, but I do think those and ABS should be standard not optional. The gas mileage seems to be working out to 33 miles/gallon so far... which is way better than my last car which only got 22 on average. So that makes me happy! :)

Gas mileage, overall quality. The materials used on the interior have a nice, soft touch to them. Large trunk is nice.

I love the gas mileage!!! So far, I've gotten even better than the sticker claimed. 

You gotta love the looks! Expected reliability.

Interior and trunk room is comparable to a mid sized car, very good build quality. Car is very quiet and smooth at all speeds. 

Handling, fuel economy, build quality and design (both inside and out)

Love the 6 CD changer. Love the room inside. Great on fuel.

CD player, cruise control, power windows, rear defrost, power locks, impulse red!

Great powertrain, well built, comfortable seat cushions (a little small though), classic good looks, reliable, amazing resale value, high quality interior materials, excellent fit and finish, fun to drive, good gas mileage to power ratio(you won't get the 32/41 MPG stated though. Plan on 25/35.

Security system with remote keyless entry. It's the color I wanted.



Spacious interior for a small car. Fuel economy. Excellent handling in corners and turns. Nice quality interior materials. Convenient storage areas. 

Without a doubt, the stereo, and the gas milage. I went about 260 miles on a tank. It only took 20 bucks to fill it up!

My favorite feature is the pep for such a small car it has plenty of pep. I dont' get that great of gas milage but it is a bit cheaper to fill up than my old 4X4 truck. I also like the 6 disc in dash cd player. For a little car it has plenty of leg room. Love the power moon-sun roof. 

Handling on highway and its pep.

sporty, quick, dash arrangement and white background.

High seat, compare to other small cars. Good manual transmition. Good visabilty. Standard Air Condition on all models. (unlike Honda)

1.8 (4cyl) engine power steering headlights 

Quality, reliability, great MPG, good zip.

Cruise control, all power features, car stability & engine power!

Nice interior. Everything is right there where I can reach it. Good fit. Stereo sounds good. I like the pass through to the trunk. 



CD Player, power windows, locks, very roomy

Manual Tranny. Has good get up and go and the price cannot be beat. 

Smooth and quiet ride, good fuel consumption, and nice styling, inside and out.



The air bags of course, but the radio/CD player is nice as well. Pressing the TEXT button is a nice option when the car is parked and you have time to read all the information.

Ride, handling, economy, build quality, size, interior room, trunk, exterior design, driver seat adjustment, dead pedal placement.

Gas mileage and sound system.

Auto tire pressure check, overdrive feature for highway vs city driving, fuel economy, safety with upgraded MR package and plush seats. Also really like the car design shape, I'm not into these spaceship pod looks that are in lately.

Color, sunroof, CD player, spoiler

Smoooth drive with a stylish design.

CD and AC



Sunroof, and 6 disc in dash changer.

Gas mileage & performance are great from this peppy 1.8L 4 cylinder. Quality of workmanship throughout the vehicle is vvery high standard.

Easy to change oil, filter front passenger side. My old car 87 Honda Prelude you had to take the airbox off to get to it. Love the huge trunk for a small car.

