Sharp looking beautiful truck.I don't get tired after going on trip, excellent ride.

Just a lot of fun to drive compared to the many other vehicles I have owned! 

Engine is perfect for fuel economy--we're on a budget. 4wd gives it great traction, especially on hilly dirt roads with a full bed. Trans is nice and smooth--no complaints when shifting.

I love the stance of my Ranger. I have the 4X4 XL regular cab. With this package it just looks right. It has the best proportions and the cab has just the right fit for 2 people. Bigger families look other places.

I'd have to say the 4-wheel drive and the 4.0L are the best features of the XLT 4x4. I wanted the bucket seats, but the dealer didn't have them on the lot.

Cup holders are standard on all trucks, great stock bed liner. Far better fuel economy than driving the F-250 I used to use when I needed a truck. Fun to drive. My wife even likes driving because she can see all the way around. Excellent and responsive ABS brakes.

I don't have a favorite feature other then the 5 speed transmission because I bought this truck bone stock no options 

Far and away the manual 5 speed feature! I just love dropping gears in this little unit and blowing by people. Comfortable ride as well.

Storage bin below the radio. Cargo hooks in bed. Smooth trans.

 AC feels like it could do my house, torquey engine, great gas mileage is an understatement, fun to drive, the 6 ft bed is OK by me, wanted a LB but nothing in region late in year. Besides, I'll just pay someone to deliver heavy stuff. That's the way we're all headed. Quiet interior. 

FX4 level II package, driving feel, simplicity, looks, rims, and overall quality/reliability.

Smaller wheelbase is nice off-road. Can't decide if I like the torsion bar suspension yet. Definitely not lift friendly for off-road mods. 4.10 gears are a must with this engine to get any acceptable performance. Can't imagine this truck with 3.55 gearing - would it even make it off the line?

Skid plates, massive tow hooks, big bed for a small truck and there is hardly no blind spot like a car or SUV.

Fuel mileage, cost of operation and drive. Handles, hauls and pulls. 

4WD, lots of power

Good side is nice power from the 4.0L V6, easily tows, comfortable seats, quiet highway ride, lots of equip for great price. Solid feel (except front end!). 

Roomy and comfortable interior; supportive seats covered in durable "I can't believe it's not cloth" coverings; stain-proof vinyl flooring (in Sport and XL); functional dash layout (even if it does date back to 1995!); general reliablity/durability; low cost of ownership 

The only small truck that still looks like a truck! Love the back doors for storing things behind the seats.

Sweet truck.

5 speed with the 4 cyl. Sits up high.

FX4 package

Compact size makes for easy manuevering, parking. Roomy extended cab. Tank-like build quality (there isn't so much as a screw out of place in my model!) Excellent and very functional dash layout (everything in easy reach). Modern touches (e.g. iPod/aux input) in an otherwise classic pickup. 

Extremely handsome truck. I can give it back after three years and 75,000 kilometers! 

Good gas mileage for a V-6. love the sport seats and the interior.

Interior is well laid out

Reliability, price, and build.

Roomy (extended) cab, still excellent fit and finish (even from a dash design dating to 1995!), smooth ride at speed, simple "basic truck" design (no foo-foo I wanna-be-a-car lines), smaller, more maneuverable size, general feeing of solidity, very-modern touches (still lovin' the iPod input jack).

New aggressive looking grill, High riding stance, smooth shifting five speed manual transmission. Capable four cylinder engine, good gas mileage, handles well in snow, the abs braking is a winner. Love the strong heater and capable air conditioner.

Rack & pinion steering, ABS brakes, TPMS.

4 cylinder with 5 speed manual runs great. Plenty of power for the size and fun to drive. Seats are actually pretty comfortable. The ride is fairly smooth for a truck. Good looking truck. Nothing comparable in the price range. 

2.3L DOHC engine and 5 speed manual transmission provide good power to weight ratio. Gas mileage and price are strong selling points. A solid little truck that looks good. Like buying a 32' Ford pickup, only new.

The 2.3 Duratec engine with a 5 speed is pretty peppy and offers good gas mileage. The drivetrain is good. Just not the build quality of the rest of the truck. 

If the build quality were like it should be, then the best feature for me is the size and fuel economy. 

Good marketing concept. Sold me. Turns out to be yery poor quality.

The 7 foot bed is nice for long things. GPM is great, no other truck comes close to it. Seat are great.

"Not too big, not too small" - Ranger offers space for a guy my size (6'1") without feeling cumbersome or bloated. Rugged, almost timeless exterior styling. Smooth and hushed ride at cruise. General feeling of "heft" and solidity. Modern touches such as an input jack for my iPod. 

My favorite is the comfort of the seats and the way you sit up high and of course the money I save on gas.

Great gas mileage, torqued nicely and despite its age, still has an attractive exterior. Interior is very functional. Seats are comfortable. Good value for the dollar. 

The seats are great. 28 mph with usable 7 foot bed. This truck saves you $1,000 a year in gas over the full sized trucks. If you don't need the payload or towing capacity why drive around with all the excess all the time. Good price and great resale.

Shift on the fly 4 wheel drive, Torsen differential, interior safety features, 6 disk cd-changer, 31" BF Goodrich AT's, Bilstein gas shocks, 3 skid plates for protection. Exterior styling. Rugged look.

Sporty look of exterior. Standard XLT wheels are very nice. Wheels are bigger than the Dodge Ram 1500 just traded. 

