Heads up display, throaty horsepower, roomy in front and rear(even with a 5 year old), comfortable on long rides, XM radio & Monsoon sound system. 

XM Radio, Sunroof, remote start, heated seats, dual temp controls. 

Plenty of power, solid ride, good gas mileage, decent base stereo.

We have dual air conditioning; dual front seat heat; great sound system; black leather seats and silver grey exterior; drives great.

Supercharger. Accelerates like a Mercedes or BMW. There's nothing like it on the open road. Flash. Looks like I spent 30K Can beat anything on the freeway! 

hud display. heated leather seats. driving performance.

heated seats, power, sound of engine

I like the red/orange lighting. The cockpit feel is great as well as the stock stereo. Trunk space is nice as well as pass through trunk (good for hauling long objects). Love the information center above the radio! Remote Start! 

Cockpit dashboard. Secure feeling to the steering and road-grip. powerful engine. Great styling

Wrap around dash and seat design makes you feel like you're in a cockpit. Interior lighting and dash lights are well lit and user friendly. Supercharged powerplant is fairly fuel efficient for the kind of power it puts out. Really like the driver information display.

Controls contoured to driver. Good sound system. Strong handing. 

Heated seats, the automatic transmission feels nice and smooth, easy to work cruise control, and not too much understeer

Supercharger, the monsson system is great and the remote start is the best considering I live in upstate NY.

6 CD changer - XM feature - heated seats - all of the extras. The way it handles itself on the road. Kind of a stiff sporty suspension until you get used to it. 

Tan leather, tan door panels, sound system, horsepower with GT, looks, wheels (same as picture), comfort, heated seats, wide stance, fog lights, aggressive appearance, VERY smooth and comfortable ride, easy entrance, 90* rear doors, fold flat seats (all but drivers) in addition with massive trunk.

Heated seats and how it handles on the road.

I Really like the Strong acceleration of the Supercharged V-6 3800. The Monsoon Stereo system is a real plus. The Grand Prix is easy to maintain. My 2007 was one of the last groups built so it has full warranty until 11/2010. The GM 5 year 100K warranty is pretty extensive and has no deductible.

Sporty-stylish looks. Remote start. Auto headlamps. Vehicle Information Center. Mileage. Large trunk. Back seats go down for larger and roomier trunk space.

Love the mileage. A MAJOR improvement over the wife's Jeep. Good trunk space -- we can get two golf bags and some suitcases in there. Plus it's just simply a HOT-LOOKING car! 

Exterior is stylish. I have always liked the way GP's look.

Interior styling very nice.

sporty interior and exterior, radio, and great get up and go

The way the car looks rides and feels.

Great standard features. The car has everything you could need in addition to the "creature" comforts (Value). "Sporty" handling, driver ergonomics. Passenger seat-excellent leg and head room. Where most cars seem to forget about that seat's comfort/positioning. Dusk sensing headlamps.

Lots of aftermarket sites for performance parts. Easy to work on car for a backyard mechanic.

My favorite thing about the car is how "driver friendly" the console is. Everything is right infront of me and in very easy reach.

Heated leather, great 6 speaker sound, scary power from a V6.

Performance and handling

The acceleration, handling & Monsoon stereo are awesome. I've driven the new GTO, but for a sedan, the GT's performance is impressive, it's: sporty, comfortable & far more functionally practical. It's also very reasonable in both purchase price and insurance.

The supercharger. This car really scoots and hugs the road like nobody's business. The exterior design is a head-turner. 

Air conditioning is great. Driver information center is fun.

I get constant looks from other drivers, even at work. It looks like something the Air Force put out for stealth. I used the OnStar system after about a month and signed up for another 100 minutes (above the 30 free ones they give you) to supplement my normal cell phone. Oh, great car to drive.

Hands down, the flawless acceleration and smooth cornering. The HUD and DIC displays are fantastic at night, making operations and checks extremely simple, even in heavy traffic. The Navigation/DVD/CD system is insane, whether you like rock, blues, hip hop, or country. This car's the total package!

Heads-up display, very nice LS-4 engine (too bad it's mated to a power train which falls apart!). Seats are comfortable. 

Power and fuel efficiency

HUD, stereo. Powerful, efficient V8. Handles extremely well.

Massive power. Good insurance rates for a performance car. Superior technology. Great handling. Great looks. Pass through trunk. Heads up display. Wide track design

Classic yet sporty styling, smooth and seamless powertrain, solid feel, strong brakes, crisp handling, firm ride, great-sounding base stereo.

Supercharged engine,Dual climate control, trip computer, remote start, heated seats. The dash layout is perfect. 

The dashboard illumination, sporty look, overall design of the cabin, satellite radio included (of course, not the subscription).

Acceleration and handling, build quality, stereo.



Rear spoiler, Great stereo system

Remote start, and heated seats

There truly is no replacement for displacement! 

power,leather seating,handling and performance

Everything, the supercharger, has an agressive cam for a production car. (the "There is a quirky sound from the exhaust that the dealership insist ... is by design?" qouted from "snowburd") That sound it the cam, and a large cam=large amount of torque.

heads up display and displacement on demand. The DVD and Navagation are easy to use also.

speed agility stereo. suprising gas mileage on long trips. I followed my son to college in his FJ cruiser and I could get 430 miles to a tankful highway driving better than 100 miles more than the old 2004 gxp ps getting out of a tollbooth without easypass up to speed ....precious.

STEREO

