Style, prestige, sunroof, ease of driving, back-up camera, quattro all wheel drive, feeling of safety and security when you are behind the wheel, reliability.

None. My "cost to own" has overshadowed anything that I thought was good about this car. 

Wonderful driver-side seat adjustments. Comfort and classy appearance.

Moon roof

- Large interior - Interior look & feel - Great on the highway (100 mph is no problem) - Snow performance (with new tires)

Fun to drive.

Drives great in the snow and the car looks great on the exterior. 

The best SUV we tried on snow (important in Alaska). Turning radius is better than others we tried. Performance is nice for an SUV. Ride is better than all but the GL450 and perhaps X5. 

Turning radius, handling, room.

The styling, technology, comfort.

It is fun to drive and handle very well. All the basic high qulaity aspects of a $60K SUV are there.

Overall look, sunfroof, navigation system, heated seats

Nav, MMI, heated steering wheel, rear camera, keyless start up

Look of the car, sound system (when working)

Sound system, handling.

Camera, sound system, tailgate, double sunroof and mesh curtains, acceleration in S, solid and safe ride, comfort, technology, bluetooth, iPhone interface and sexy look.

Acceleration on demand! Design and style that capture a second look.

Blue tooth, sunroof (wish it would open all the way), heated steering wheel, navigation system, look of the car.

Fits like a glove, just a great vehicle to drive. Feels really solid and beautifully build.

Handling and safety features. The technology package is outstanding.

I like the extra large and double sunroof.

The seats and the MMI.

Comfort, tech options, feel of driving a car with the space and versatility of an SUV.

The MMI, panoramic sunroof, 20" rims, heated seats, 4-zone climate, navigation system, premium Bose stereo, adjusting bi-xenon headlamps, and power liftgate.

Panorama moon roof and S-line (gotta have it!).

The MMI information system which is controlled by a knob, is easy to use. Bluetooth hands free telephone is great.

Articulated adjustable back seats (in 6 seat config.), 21" wheels and Dunlop Maxx tires, air suspension, keyless entry and start, S-line "macho" look with slight flares on wheel arches, V8 engine sound, Bluetooth phone operation.

The engine performace and exhaust note on acceleration, Multi Media Interface, body styling and my iPod interface (thats what put it over the top of the A8L for me).

MMI system, full sunroof, Bluetooth, brakes, quietness. Side assist, backup camera.

Performance: firm suspension is just right; transmission is a dream - you forget you have gears; excellent brakes - no unreasonable nose dive under hard braking. Comfort: panoramic sunroof; Bose audio; floor lighting. Emotion: my son's first word was "Audi", it takes 20 mins to get him out.

Three panel sunroof, heated seats in the front row and back row, four zone climate control, MMI system, extravagant interior, and safety. Can't wait for the diesel version to come out. It's supposed to get pretty good fuel economy.

Quattro all wheel drive, 3rd row seats, Audi side assist, panorama sunroof and blue tooth.

I love the 6 speed transmission. Extremely smooth. Perfect shift points. Also like the 6 passenger seating in rear - not the standard bench.

The back support and wide mirrors.

Well appointed inside - the espresso brown leather looks very rich. Sunroof is huge. Back-up camera is great (I would not have ordered this as an option, but love it.) Side assist is a must in heavy traffic. MMI is easy to learn. 4-zone climate control and heated seats are a hit with my family.

Handling, interior, styling, options, over all driving experience.

I love the interior and the ergonomics. The whole package is the best of the best and I've looked at them all.

The front seats as it helps me forget about the two rows behind me.

Voice activation, amazing navigation accuracy, panorama sunroof, removable wet tray under the cargo floor, dual sunvisors, 4 zone climate controls, powerfull V6, beautiful 20" wheels, audi side assist, rear back up camera is amaizing.

Adaptive cruise control is truly unbelievable. Makes my daily commute in stop and go interstate travel a pleasure. Keyless entry is the best invention ever. Sunroof is way cool! I actually love everything about this vehicle

Handles great especially with the light snow/ice we have been having. Interior is pleasing. Car is quiet even at high speeds. Giant sunroof adds so much light for those of us in the Northeast.

Back up camera, cup holders, ride and tightness of vehicle. Service has been outstanding!

4 climate controls, 3rd row seat, carseats with lots of room, great look, great ride, very quiet!

Looks big, drives small, safety and prevention features everywhere. Smart cup and bottle holders, not flimsy afterthoughts. Smart Key is convenient, it can remotely indicate if you locked up or not via LED. MMI is easy to use compared to tiny little buttons that you must search for on other cars. 





The sunroof.. DUH! The speed on the 3.6 is awesome. I love all the tech and comfort add ons, especially the smart key, the 14 speaker BOSE... wow! Also the adapative lighting, rear camera, 4 zone climate control with 4 heated seats (rear ones recline).. 

Ride, seat comfort, luxury features, navigational system, bluetooth telephone hooks into your cell phone address book, automatic-sensing windshield wipers, swerving headlights to improve visibility, plenty room for coffee cups, heated seats/steering wheel, air suspension system and safety features.

Comfort.

I love the steering after being a former MB owner it was a must! Love all the controls since I'm a parent and need to control some rear functions and the power tailgate is a MUST for all parents.

Smooth ride with 20" tires. Standard options abound with the MMI. Bluetooth works great! Love the ground effects with the S-Line option (Solid body paint). Rear lift gate is very convenient. 4.2 is responsive on the curvy roads giving the driver confidence with control. Plenty of leg room in front.

Interior comfort and handling.

Handling, interior comfort, gadgets. Didn't think I would need it, but the backup camera really comes in handy.

Great styling, sport handling, satellite radio, bluetooth, NAV system, extended moonroof, two rows of heated seats, optional 3rd row for driving the little ones and friends around in the future.

Can't think of anything I don't love!

Rear view camera, stereo system, Bluetooth and elegant night ride.

Features like advance key, back up camera with park assist, Bluetooth, panorama sunroof, and the visual FX of the MMI screen.

Almost perfect weight ratio, power of 4.2 FSI, handling, brakes, moon roof + best interior! Love MMI.

Everything.

MMI, Panoramic sunroof, Bluetooth, camera for seeing behind you when in reverse, sound system, and being able to do so much from the steering wheel. 

Acceleration, cornering, grabbing the road

Smooth servo steering, engine sound, interior, MMI with integrated cell/bluetooth/sirius/nav.

Air suspension, Bluetooth, rearview camera, huge sunroof.

I love the MMI display for the radio and back up camera. Also love the keyless entry/starter ignition button. I also like the automatic tailgate with the one touch closure. The dash layout is great as is the overall interior design...feels elegant without being over the top.

1. Handling 2. Style 3. Features

Rearview camera, Bluetooth cell phone interface and the Advance Key are three of my favorite features

Love the bluetooth, glass roof and rear camera with the parallel parking assist.

Handling, all wheel drive and awesome braking

Interior appointments are all luxury. Seats are very comfortable.

blue tooth

Power and driving dynamics.



