Comfortable, quiet, solidly built. Gauges in blue backlight and the sound system is better than my other car costing $10,000 more!

that it starts

gas mileage, stereo (nice sound for a stock system), interior space, styling

Gas mileage, comfort, and style

The manual tranny and engine could be improved, take off sluggish, plenty of trunk space 

Size ,Looks,Fuel Economy

Color is great-XM radio rocks. Good ride for the price. I don't even mind making the payments!

Comfortable seats; Dashboard layout and illumination; Fuel economy; Body design; Aux input; Several storage compartments; Cup-holders; Seating position; Great stereo; etc. 



Comfortable luxurious feeling, dual temp controls and great back-seat space and ride. Passengers comment on how great the seats are. 

As a long-distance commuter, I appreciate also the audio controls on the steering wheel, the cruise control, the heated seats, the enormous trunk area, all of the storage bins. 

I really enjoy the sound system, and the new interior lighting. The extra hiding spots are also a good tough.

cruise , radio

The car looks great, just don't expect it to run well.

Dash board storage. The 5 speed and engine are more than adequate. adjustable head rests. 4 disc brakes w/ ABS. Gas mileage is getting better.

Looks, handling, speed for automatic one

Stlying is great! Also handling and engine performance is very good. I really like the cars nimble road manners and the comfortable ride. The car is fiercely quiet and the interior fit and qualtiy is up there with more expensive sedans. Excellant overall build quality and exterior fit and finish!!

Dash, front leg room, ride, sound system, seats and overall roominess.

heated leather front seats, interior color options you won't find on the so called comp,s. The tape cassette player. The 5 storage compartments with doors including glove box. roominess, trunk space no more vans for me!. 

Safety, design (both external and internal), service, and price



Blue interior lights, acceleration, interior comfort, solid handling and ride. Nice styling this year.

The blue lighted dash and silver accents! Pretty much everything, they did an excellent job on this new 2007 model. Very happy. 

I like the new larger size and the curvy exterior design for 2007. The engine is so quiet and the ride so smooth, I find myself speeding because I don't realize how fast I am going. I like the blue interior lights, large trunk, multiple airbags, the warranty and the free roadside service.

Definitely the awesome blue lights. I love driving this vehicle at night. The view out the front is great too. Very convenient steering wheel controls. The seats in the back are very soft and cushioned. The extra cup holders on the front doors are very convenient.

Radio, sunroof (so quiet that I can barely tell the difference b/t open and closed), the soft leather, visibility, how quiet the car runs, tilt and telescopic sterring wheel with radio controls.

I like the new, larger body style. The sound system is great. It is well equipped with the preferred option package. 

The front seat leg room is great. steering wheel radio controls and the auxilary jack are cool. Where did the traction control go???? I want it back.

Appearence,and ride factor

Fuel economy,Ultra Low Emissions, Standard equipment, Safety, Overall value, Warranty, Fun to own and drive! Excellently redesigned

the looks, standard options, interior lighting, storage space, interior space, safety features, good stereo, relatively quiet, and the fuel economy isn't bad. The EPS gave me a sense of security and stability on the interstate highway

Driveability, low road noise, price compared to class, solid doors, blue background instruments look cool, comfortable seats, lots of rear leg room and head room everywhere, excellent stereo with a lot of speakers, folding rear seats and amazing trunk space. They get this by raising the rear end.

Overall value; warranty; extensive standard features including 4 wheel ABS disc brakes, audio controls on steering wheel, side & side curtain airbags, alloy wheels; interior room; interior styling and blue lighting; comfort and quiet; gas mileage; turn radius; ease of handling.

1. Quality - this car is refined and well designed 2. Fuel economy 3. Safety - 6 air bags standard 4. Interior/trunk/rear seat space 5. Lots of storage compartments 6. Pull-down cup-holder in the rear seat 7. 5-yr bumper-to-bumper warranty

My favorite features are the design, the details on the door, the roomy trunk and the radio. 

the dash lights the extended sun visors and the cruise control. totally cool. the overall look of the car is great.

Cruise Control, very roomy trunk

blue lights, body style, comfort and safety, steering and brakes.

Great looks and preformance for the money

Gas Milage is lookin good, interior space, style, comfort, enjoyable ride

Very large trunk space. "Best interior space of it's class" - it's not lying :) The water deflection on the sides of the doors is a great idea! The turning radius is another feature that I love in this car (even compared to the '04 version!)



Air conditioning is cold

Good mileage. I have tracked my car mileage since purchase and have averaged over 30 mpg to date. Gave me 27+ mpg even during last year's harsh winter. With some sensible driving i have been able to get 36 mpg of late.

Interior design, looks up to date, gauges/lighting looks great. Stereo is great. 

Heated leather seats, gas mileage, trunk space, various storage compartments, blue interior lights, audio system and controls on steering wheel 

It was a pretty good car, good interior, spacious, upscale looking. Front of car was good looking, but it copied the Corolla too much. 

Like everyone else, I love the blue interior lighting, the AC packs a lot of cooling power, quiet idling, wonderful gas mileage, smooth handling and transitioning, and all safety features.

Blue illuminated interior at night is amazing, Double the MPG as my Jeep. Sporty looks, aux input for my ipod, tons of interior room and storage space. Huge trunk

Moonroof, Heated mirrors, Six speaker 172-watt audio system w/single CD player and XM Satellite radio, Loud horn, Massive trunk space, four wheel independent suspension.

Besides the things mentioned above. I love the MP3 aux jack. Actually, the whole sound system in general is above par.

Interior, colour black, blue light pannels at night. Exterior is regatta blue. Sophisticated interior does not match unasuming exterior even though I jazzed it up a little bit (tinted Windows) 

Turning radius, good gas mileage, MP3 auxillary jack in stereo, problem-free operation through first year, quality service department at the dealership.

The radio is nice with the auxiliary jack and six speakers. The cloth interior is very comfortable. The blue glow for the controls looks great at night. The trunk is huge for the overall size of the car.

GREAT looking exterior, QUIET & STABLE ride, high fidelity stereo, top crash/safety ratings,6 airbags,comfy dashboard blue lights neat at nite. Overall very SOLID & SAFE feeling ride, handles great in rain/snow, engineered GREAT. All riding said how comfy & nice. Interior nicer than Civic & Corolla.

Gas mileage



We love the heated seats, sound system, and audio controls on the steering wheel.

xm radio, style, gas millege, performance, quiet ride, VALUE FOR THE PRICE.

Heated seats, XM radio, 16 inch tires, turning radius.

Comfortable drive, quiet at speed XM addition. Interior lighting, thoughtful touches,warning alarm when reversing if not wearing seat belt. Soft touch plastics, fit and finish, lack of squeaks and rattles. MPG. Very smooooth!



I feel like I'm driving a much more expensive luxury car!

My favorite features are my stereo, and my sunroof. We tinted out the windows and the car looks absolutely awesome. Great lines and very stylish. My color is red, and I have a limited with the sun and sound package.

Gas mileage, comfort, warranty

I enjoy the 5-speed transmission; particularly when driving through mountainous terrain.

It looks like a 30,000 dollar car. It costs less than half that. Absolutely zero mechanical problems so far. Great warranty. The auto reviewers thumb their noses a bit at the drive quality - it is better than more expensive cars i've bought!! I thought the pick up is fine for on ramps! Quiet cabin!



The "niceties": steering wheel mounted stereo controls, cabin air filtration, alloy wheels, ABS, six air bags, an almost "posh" feeling interior, iPod port.

Solid overall build quality - it even surpasses Toyota. Driving experience - very quiet and smooth. Interior design and materials - XM as a standard option on my model. 2000~ 3000 cheaper than civic and corolla - fantastic value. proven excellent reliablity - consumer guide MAG. 

i like the radio and mp3 input, also like the blue displays

The feeling I got a killer deal, warranty, high expected reliability, most safety features in its class, interior that's refined, spacious and comfy, decent ergonomics, the 16" alloy wheels and 4 disc brakes. the slight irridescent flake in the black finish

Interior and exterior design

Steering-wheel mounted audio controls and upgraded speedo/ODO/trip mileage/gas mileage instruments. A good audio system.

I love the gas mileage and the car warranty the best.

Cost value versus Honda Civic EX

Comfort, cabin room, plenty of pep, quiet ride, great radio and great mileage both in town and on the highway. Plus it looks great and was thousands less than competition. 

Fun to drive, I like the sports outlook.

Blue dash lights, radio, larger interior, higher off the ground, comfy seats, smooth ride, minimal road noise, new exterior, free road side assistance for 5 yrs., just everything. Can't say enough about the car. 

The feel, the auxiliary jack, the XM radio and the price.

Killer sound system, well thought-out interior, excellent build quality/fit and finish, relatively quiet interior, good performance at highway speeds, spacious trunk, rides like a larger car, good visibility, and decent (though not great) gas mileage.

Stereo, free XM coverage, and airbags. 

The natural warranty at no extra cost, including 5yr/60000 bumper to bumper (besides the 10yr/100000 drive train). The look and feel of the inside (my husband is 6'6" and he has full leg room to actually stretch out!). And it feels relatively safe.

Steering wheel.

I like the black interior and the feel of the clutch. I love the controls on the steering wheel and how high you sit in the car. Compared to my wife's 01 Elantra, I feel in hers I'm a inch or so off the ground.

Moonroof, steering wheel stereo controls, XM radio and aux plug for MP3 player, cruise control. I also love the blue dash lights at night.

Everything!: interior & exterior design, blue lighting, nice system, responsive steering, safety features, wish I would've opted for the sunroof & leather seating.

Blue dash lights are awesome, Smooth handling yet snappy when you want to light it up, sound system is great, the 2007 body style is very nice, i could go on and on, lol.

Awesome stereo, alloy wheels, nice leather seats, heated seats, super quiet ride, all the safety features, the sleek new exterior design, and the really affordable price! 

6 Airbags, ABS and EBD, Smooth Gears, Super Quiet Ride, Leather Seats, Heated Seats, Sound System, MP3 jack, XM ready, Element Antenae, Steering Wheel Mounted Controls, Large Trunk, 16 inch Alloy Wheels, Exterior Design, Interior Ergonomics, High Quality Feel, Tight Construction, 100K Warrantee. 

Very quiet and smooth ride even at high speeds-90mph. The interior design is very nice looking compared to other cars in its class. very easy to drive around.Cool interior blue lights. A lot of compartments, big trunk. good gas mileage.

Great sound system, lots of leg room, steering very responsive, good acceleration with only 140 hp, and great MPG

Performance (sans transmission) and engine power for a smaller vehicle, large trunk space, gas mileage, comfort of the seats.

aux mp3 jack, sunroof, gas mileage, sound system, heated seats, air bags galore

I like the comfort of the interior, the audio controls on the steering wheel, mileage, storage compartments, mileage is figured out with the touch of a button, lots of room in front and back, sporty exterior body design, lots of bells and whistles, affordable, fun to drive

sunroof, xmradio, interior, comfort and ride

Audio system. Simple controls. Tilt and telesopic steering wheel allows room for all drivers. Blue control loghting on all controls.The full set of airbags.

Went 450 miles on a tank of gas, city and hwy. Super ultra low emission vehicle(SULEV)/Partial zero emission vehicle (PZEV) ratings. XM radio, comfort and fun of drive. All the standard safety features. Car for the dollar. 

So far I am liking the XM radio, the gas mileage, the comfy seats, the blue dash lights, the Kumho tires, and the HUGE trunk!

Heated Seats! Leather interior (not even available on the Civic), very tight construction (feels like a Japanese car), great sounding factory sound system (even with equalizer flat it still really thumps).

LOVE the moonroof.

gas milage.. sun roof.

Quiet ride, looks, interior space, warranty and price!

Gas milage, interior room, comfortable ride, sound system (love that equilizer), adjustible height driver's seat which is great for a short driver like me.

Radio controls on the steering wheel The curtain airbags from front to back The blue lights on the inside (speedometer, etc.) All the storage!!! Absolutely LOVE the bottle holders in the doors - great for water bottles and soda bottles that never fit in the cup holders!



Blue instrument panel and lighting at night; AUX for iPod; heated seats; extra storage for sunglasses, etc.; backseat cup holders.

Gas mileage Comfortable leather seats The color (I got Seattle Blue - schweet!) Tight feel when driving There are accessories you can get to make it look like a little sports car.

Was surprised and thrilled that car came with heated outside mirrors. Love the deep trunk and aux jack for my iPod. Also like the storage compartment on the dash.

I love that the back seat now has cupholders and that it has a mp3 jack. I have the Elantra SE and no where can you get that much car with options for the price I got.

MPG!!!, bang for the buck, steering, interior space and comfort, wheel controls (incl. leather on wheel), 4-wheel disc brakes, smooth acceleration, very efficient power delivery, AUX audio and speed-sensitive volume, paint quality (silver metallic), interior controls (easy), storage compartments.

Gas mileage, all the side curtain airbags, aux jack for ipod, cruise and audio controls on wheel, look of car, power windows and locks, easy to use controls, split 60/40 rear folding down seats, keyless entry.

smooth driving, quietness, blue interior lighting, fit and finish, nice leather option, XM radio, nice $1000 rebate, plenty of storage spaces, nice interior materials and it looks like this car is going to last very long. 

Quiteness and speed sensitive steering.

Acceleration, Blue Lights, Steering Wheel Controls, Safety Features, Style, Fog Lights, Interior Space

1.Interior is way above class in style and quality. 2. Quiet confident ride in town and on highway 3. Responsive brakes. 4. Great room for this class and price. 3. Warranty and safety features.

New redsign in and out.

Love the sunroof and sound system. Gas mileage is great.

Safety features from side curtain airbags to "smart" headrests and passenger side airbag, as well as four wheel disc brakes. Very solid feel and nice interior for the money. My daughter loves the jack for her I-pod Nano and all the compartments for storage. Great gas mileage & ultra low emmissions

Gas mileage, interior space, blue dashlight illumination, vanity mirror lighting, MP3 player jack. With the all new redesigned lineup, I foresee Hyundai's image and resale value only increasing in the future.



