Looks, power, and the many safety features.

Looks nice, but not reliable.

Interior finish, Overall Look & nice handling. to computer shutdown at 135 MPH and handles very well at high speed. (Typical of Austrian/German Autobahn designed cars, eh?) Have had it First car I have bought that EXCEEDED mpg rating on window. Great balance of performance and MPG for a commuter. 

dashboard,,and i love blue lights,very cold ac,,



Car has a nice design (looks).

Perfect ride has 27k and still runs like new. As long as you take car of your car it will take care of you! 

I love the power delivery of the 2.0T engine. It works well with the six speed auto trans. This drivetrain is far ahead of many competitors and combines performance and frugality. Together with the sophisticated suspension and well sized breaks, the Passat is an attractive package for a family car.

The way it looks and the wheels. Stereo is good too.

ride, looks and gas mileage

The upgraded stereo is great. Really.

Turbo engine, interior trim, and exterior design.

Navigation system, 18'' wheels, and electromagnetic steering. 

XM radio and shift ability. Handling, too.

Heated seats, speed, all the new gadgets.

Power liftgate (puppies love it). Sirius radio - I got a lifetime subscription. Steering wheel controls. Auto everything!

2.0T engine is very quick. Wolfsburg added features are nice. Trunk space for golfer. Rear passenger room. Heated seats and satellite radio.

The bi-xeon adaptive lights are cool. I love the V6, but hate that no one offers after market engine upgrades.

DSG transmission, 10 air bags. Build quality, fit and finish. The doors sound like they should be on a tank when you close them.

The excellent steering, good gas mileage, and liftgate.

The Tornado Red exterior. Seriously...I usually buy the least awful color for a car, but this time I actually got a color I wanted. More importantly, though, are roominess, comfort, ergonomics, performance (especially on the highway), and (finally!) decent storage layout throughout the car.

The driver's seat with power lumbar and heaters. Tiptronic shifter (though a 6-speed manual option in the wagon would be nice). The good base sound system. This vehicle provides a good balance of ride and handling. It has an incredible powertrain. 

The engine and exterior styling of this car cannot be beat. In my opinion there is not a better looking car in this price range on the road today. The understated luxury speaks volumes over the muscular cheesy American options or the hyper articulated Japanese cars.

My wife though it looked cute.

I have the Sport #2 Package. It makes your Passat more luxurious and elegant than a BMW or Mercedes costing 10 to 15 thousand more. Oh, and the rear arm rest has a dogie door leading to the trunk so you can watch "Rover" in his pet carrier while you roll down the road.

Everything about this car is simply awesome. My favorite highlights include 6CD in dash stereo with satellite radio, electronic steering, and the power of the 2.0T engine.

The 6 CD changer in the dash is great.

The design, performance, room (I'm 6 foot 4, so I really need room), and the quality of the car.



The good fuel economy, stereo, and instruments.

The strong brakes, stability control, easy controls, acceleration, handling, quiet, powerful, heated seats, strong heat in the rear seats, and the automatic rear hatch

The car is fast and handles great. I wish it came without all the bells and whistles. 

The good gas mileage, nice interior and exterior style, trip compute, driving control, handling, acceleration, how it has lots of storage space, and the large trunk.



The Dynaudio stereo system, driver info system, and great engine performance.

Interior and exterior styling, amount of horsepower in the V6.

The engine, radio, Sport Edition seats, sport suspension, and Sport Edition 18" wheels.

The Dynaudio sound, powerful engine, sport seats, navigation,18" wheels, styling of the premium/sport package, great interior and trunk space, and safety. 

The appearance, handling, and interior.

The power, handling, and price.

The comfortable heated leather seats, adaptive bi-xenon headlights, nice stereo, and automatic dual zone climate control.

The sport seats! They have a nice leather finish and are comfortable, with 12-way memory adjustments. I also love that the passenger's rear view mirror automatically adjusts to show the curb when the car is put in reverse. 

The acceleration, performance, interior quality, lack of wind noise, and large versatile storage area.

It is great on gas, even though premium fuel is required. It has great pick up with the turbo engine. The warranty is better than most American cars'. The Triptronic transmission was a blast.

The 2.0T drivetrain must be experienced to be believed. This vehicle has very comfortable seats with heat and lumbar support. It has great fuel economy. The stereo controls are very intuitive. 

The 18" wheels that come with the sport package, sport seats, and the Dynaudio radio system (make sure you get this).

The interior design is comfortable and spacious. The powerful turbocharged 2 liter engine gets you out of trouble, yet sips fuel. This car is well assembled, there is not a squeak in the car. The attention to detail is pure Teutonic. This car is very safe, it has airbags everywhere, it has the best brakes I've ever had in a car, safety redundancies. The ride is great!

We love the comfort features, like auto headlights/wipers, adaptive Bi xenon headlights, 12 Way Seats w/memory, Dynaudio, and the CD changer

Auto hold, the new style ignition key, electronic parking brake, FSI turbo engine, lots of room, and lots of storage including the umbrella compartment.

The looks, acceleration, and roominess. It is good that VW and Audi, like Toyota, is working on making less toxic car interiors. I can tell it has less of that toxic and dangerous new car smell. It gets fairly good gas mileage. I believe that 27-28 mpg is possible in mixed driving.

Lots of power, excellent brakes, very comfortable seats, use the seat memory feature when parking in a valet garage, lots of features one would expect from more upscale vehicles, plenty of space, and very good handling.

Without a doubt, the Dynaudio sound is fantastic. XM Radio is a nice highway feature. Generally well-designed inside and out. The remote open and button-close tailgate makes life easier. Interior comfort is outstanding even on long hauls. Handling and ride are great -- am I really going over 90? 

The interior design and excellent reliability.

The paint, the auto hold feature, electronic parking brake, 2.0 Turbo engine, 6-speed manual transmission, and sunroof. All around this car kicks butt!

The sunroof, stereo, control display on the instrument panel, adjustable settings for the heated seats, how all five seats have 3-point seatbelts, the new adjustable arm-rest (unlike the one in the 2006), and the standard safety features. 

They did fix the HVAC by putting in knobs and not changing the fan speed automatically with the "AUTO" button in the off possition. This is a decently fun car to drive.

The engine, brakes, and cruise control.

The good leg room and how quiet it is when it breaks down.

By far the 2.0T engine. It has torque all over the place while it gets 30 mpg. This vehicle's handling is incredible, it feels like I'm driving a compact car. We love the way the DVD Navigation system dresses up the interior. It makes it feel like a $60,000 car. The trunk is huge and the power lifting gate is incredibly handy. 



The fit and finish that VW is famous for, great handling, good gas mileage, and spacious interior.

XM radio, push button key, power liftgate, turbo power, lots of storage space, sunroof, ride and looks great.

The engine, power liftgate, room, looks, active xenon headlights...its really a complete package.

The triptronic 6-speed automatic transmission, data management module in dash, ease of maneuvering, pep, programmable alarm, HUGE interior, and attention to detail everywhere.



Navigation, Sirius radio, Dynaudio and for the little one...rear airbags. 

It has the best steering system that I ever had. It is very responsive and direct at any speed. I just love the handling of the car. Its controls are easy to use and its seats are extremly comfortable, better than in my old 2004 240C Benz, and it has lots of room.



Comfort of seating, both front and back

The steering,4Matic, Triptronic transmission, and power to spare.

I like the balanced handling, the space-age ignition key and the easy access to all the controls. The auto opening & closing of the rear cargo door is also very cool. Lots of neat storage places, too.

Heated leather seats, fantastic dynaudio sound system, plenty of room for our family of 5. Highway driving is smooth and effortless.

I like the new parking brake, auto hold, and overall design.

Drives great, solid feel, good gas mileage. 

Love the power, when passing and when cruising along. I live in the South and the climate control system keeps the car nice and cool.

Pleasantly responsive at highway speeds and gas mileage will be hard to beat. 

steering and ride

Suspension and smooth drive, great gas mileage.

Practical, reliable, great mileage.

4cyl Turbo. Good gas mileage. Many safety features. Cheap to insure. Dash display.



Engine - good start up speed. Seats - drove from WI to WA (2000 mi) in 2.5 days and didn't have a sore butt. In my Grand Am, the seat starting becoming sore after about 300 miles. Large fuel tank - 500+ miles on highway.

Utility - same dimensions and performance as a Passat Sedan but tons of utility. Automatic opening/closing rear lift gate. Fold flat seats. Great audio system. Great gas mileage.

none other than i still have warranty on motor cant wait to see what's. next wife hates it. we are trading this junk in fast

Comfortable, interior storage

The kick, this thing will chirp the tires through 2nd and 3rd. Lots of space, full size spare, and killer gas mileage.

The crisp handling and general layout.

Dual power 12 way seats, climatronic, sport package, auto wipers, memory drivers seat/ext mirrors, dynaudio and the list goes on and on. Pretty much everything.

Handles well for what it is. Engine is superb. Interior very nice.

The interiors, even in vinyl form, are way above the class average, and nicely done. The 2.0t engine is very powerful with little turbo lag that plagued the 1.8t. There are APR chip kits that give VR6 power with much better fuel economy. Great hwy mpg but city mpg isn't if you keep your foot down!

Performance for entry level car,Excellent EPA mileage, features, precise transmission, interior comfort, huge cargo space and VERY HIGH BUILD QUALITY!

cargo capacity, MPG, and quiet ride

I love the acceleration in the mid range. Very smooth. Interior comfortable, and well designed controls.

The heated seats are by far my favorite feature!

Blinkers, Temperature Controls, Performance, Gas Mileage, Steering

good looking, quick engine, roomy

Ipod docking station in glove box, Xenon headlamps, key fob is unique, heated seats are so toasty!!! Turbo engine..weeeee. Just got buy one... I'm a VW fan..they make the best driving cars hands down... "People's Car", they didn't name it that for nothing. 

Smooth, enjoyable ride. Very ample cargo space. Wagon with room in the back seat for adults. Great looks, I actually don't feel emasculated driving this to work every day. 

I have a year old car with 14K miles on it, and I have to add approx 1.5 quarts of oil between oil changes. It is about 25%, and it is normal?? Think about it. 

Seat comfort. Surface textures and materials used. Not built in Germany and Mexican build quality is very poor

Stereo, nothing else works!

It was between a Subaru Legacy Wagon and this car. The Subaru 2.5 was not powerful enough and the 2.5T was too thirsty. So the remarkable 2.0T was really the deciding factor. Typical European ride is perfect. I personally find it more comfortable then extra oscillations of a soft, floaty ride. 

Interior design, performance, reliability.

Great power, dead stable in rain and snow. Very comfortable interior. The toys (steerable high-intensity lights, umbrella door, integrated navigation, etc.) make it even better. 

driving experience, interior style, interior lighting, automatic trunk lid, interiri room, seats, electrostatic emergency brake, tiptronic transmission, turbo kick,esp, keyless push ignition, heated seats

Manual transmission, steering wheel feel, sport seats.

The design of the exterior is striking. Interior is nice also.

Engine is very responsive. Comfortable ride front and back. Plenty of space for all of the kid's stuff. No reason to buy an SUV. Great design and styling. Nice ergonomics. Great fuel mileage. Cool red cockpit lighting.

4Motion, fast acceleration, heated leather seats, parking sensors, storage space (hidden compartments), HIDs, 18" rims, sunroof, interior and exterior styling, umbrella holder in driver's door, etc.

Quick and strong engine, style and comfort.

Cruise control pre-select . Autohold feature for city traffic. Tiptronic. Seat comfort is exceptional, best I have ever owned. Power tail gate up and down. Cargo room is cavernous for a midsize car. Radio system is fabulous. Fuel economy is good. 16" wheels (cheaper to replace).

On dash computer is very functional and helpful. Stereo sounds great and w/6 disc in dash changer w/mp3 playback is awesome. Heated seats, washer nozzles and mirrors are great in winter. FAST turbocharged 4 cylinder. Fun to drive ads sound gimicky but is very true! Got mine at end of year for 25k.

Shopping bag hooks in the trunk. The new 2.0t turbo has so much power and versatility to offer. The build quality is excellent. Great standard features and thoughtful, driver friendly design. And this car will crush anything else off a stoplight, except maybe a supercar.

Dynaudio!! Bi-xenon lights, nav, iPod adptr, interior comfort and styling. Drives like a dream on the highway.

Standard safety equipment, 2.0T motor, roomy, good handling.

Multi-Function Display on gauge cluster, MP3 adapter and ability to play MP3 CDs, trunk lid that opens completely on its own (no lifting), refrigerated glove compartment, intuitive controls.

Nothing.

The lit dashboard at night, the awesome radio, the heated seats, the turbo engine.

Nice acceleration after 30 mph; excellent handling; lots of options are included in the base model (you do not have to pay extra for MP3 aux-in, 4 one-button power windows, climate control, trip computer, power trunk release, etc.); excellent highway mileage (31-35 mpg for me).

Engine/transmission combo (same as combo in GTI/GLI); Brake/accelerator pedals are well spaced for heel-toe driving (pedal separation increased for 2008 models). Sport seats keep you supported, even for a big guy like me. Adaptive Xenon headlamps turn with the steering wheel and turn night into day.

3.6 VR6 engine's torque, acceleration and sound! Interior/exterior design. Memory seats. Power tailgate. Sirius stereo.

Power liftgate (for both opening and closing). The iPod connection, powerful radio and good sound system and comfortable seating.

Tight turning radius.

2.0 turbo engine, power hatch, push start, etc.

Stock stereo is well above average. Cabin is stylish and comfortable. Interior lighting at night is very cool. Performance and handling are superior.

Steerable xenon headlights. 12 way power driver and front-passenger seats. Adjustable console arm-rest. Side and rear window built-in sunshades. One touch up/down for all 4 windows. Split fold-down rear seat with center pass thru. Sport and regular shift programs for the auto. trans.

Navigation, German engineering, fit and finish, stock sound system, turbo engine, all of the many storage compartments, aux input, innovative key fob.

The engine, even with what the experts call Turbo lag. Transmission is extremely smooth. Fit and finish. No rattles or squeaks, even after driving over lousy Manitoba, Canada roads. The stereo has very good sound. Trunk storage space. Heated leather seats are fast. 

Looks, engine and interior space.

Auto windshield wipers, sound system, 17"s, leather seats, dimming mirrors, back seat comfort, Shift paddles for the DSG.

3.6L engine; 4Motion (same as Audi quattro); German build quality, sports package and 18" wheels, Dynaudio (wow).

My favorite things about the car are of course the turbo charged engine and I like that it is so spacious.

10 speaker radio-CD system is fantastic!

VR-6, seats, audio, roomy, turning Bi-Xenons, nice metallic paint, 18" wheels.

One touch up and down on all windows, aux. input on the stereo for the iPod, AWD, a ridiculous amount of power, large water bottle holders in the doors, room for two to sleep in the back in a pinch, and room for 4 people and their skiing or camping gear.

Auto hold

Automatic hold feature, navigation, 6 disc changer and safety features.

Refined powertrain and exceptional good looks.

The turbo is awesome.

It's fast, comfortable and gets decent gas mileage. 

Rear built in sunscreens are a nice touch. Really like having nav. Big 3.6 motor, great sounds. Sport suspension recommended, sport also comes with nice seats.

Fuel economy, engine power, handling, styling, price/value.

I find myself not having to fill up on gas a lot so thats a plus! Also I love the looks of the outside and the inside and it drives terrific!

I ended up with the sport edition, with lots of the bells and whistles. I don't think there is a single favorite feature, but it all comes together nicely. The car just works.

Quiet ride, highway speed change, roominess, the baggy latch in the trunk to hold your grocery bag in place.

Sport package is the ONLY way to go on the Passat. Beautiful 18" rims, lowered suspension, sexy seats, etc. Features galore for a non-luxury car. I don't need to repeat what's already been repeatedly said, but I'll do it again: this is easily on par with Acuras, BMWs, Lexuses & the rest!

Clutch/transmission, interior room, MPG, build quality.

Sat radio, MP3 CD changer, steering wheel controls, fog lights, black on black color package. 17" wheels. I love the new key.

Engine pep and convenience items (power everything) as well as ride.

Engine power, Triptronic trans, suspension. And talk about storage, there are so many places to store things.

Ride, comfort and features, room - about the same as our previous SUV but a much better ride and more comfortable.

Excellent traction and fun to drive. Good gas mileage. Powerful acceleration, super for passing on 2 lane highways. The Tiptronic shifts after I got used to it. 

Interior fit/finish, turbo motor (goes like heck and doesn't use much gas), handling, brakes, and all of the safety features.

