Back screen visor Access for cruise control

Exterior style. Excellent road handling. Engine performance is first rate. Interior features of a high-end European luxury car! Strong safety rating! 

leather seats



HP, ammenities,style

the memory setting for each driver, I am 6ft 4 and have plenty of room 

Performance, quite ride, comfort, fuel economy, power seats with adjustable lumbar support, style, fuel economy.

heated leather seats and sun roof fractures on steering wheel radio volume and cruse 

Heated power seats, leather seats are ultra soft & comfy, heated windshield washer fluid nozzles, tires handle snow & ice like a dream. Premium sound system, sunroof, telescoping steering wheel, adjustable pedals.

Seat that isn't so low that I feel I'm on the ground. The height and, most importantly for me, the width of the seat fits my shoulders better than any other car I've checked out. 

Eclipse Multimedia unit Comfortable seats Heated seats

 The whole car just a great driving experience.

Performance - as good as my Jaq. Accelerates efforlessly and rides like silk. Extras - all the luxeries one could list, at no added costs. Reliability - yet to find a defect in the 2 Hyndai's we've had. Price - two quality vehicles at a price of less than 1/2 that of a Merc and Jaq, combined. 

Favorite features? Easier to list the least favorite ones...NONE

Suggested Improvements

Engine, Stereo (wish I had XM), Heated seats, and many luxury touches. Interior look and feel, Quality build - NO problems at all.

Driving feel

The style of this car is one of the best of the 2006 and 2007 models

All the toys in simple to choose packages.

Powerful, yet silky drive; Very quiet cabin; Excellent sound system; Automatic sunshade; Excellent leather; Comportable seats; Nice handling

Heated seats and Automatic climate control.

Looks , peppy V6

Folding mirrors, rear window shade and extending pedals.

Touring comfort. Power available at freeway speeds for passing and cornering. Feels VERY safe.

seating,sound system,dual air,car is fast

drivability, comfort, road handling, strong power, decent gas milege, pretty much everything!

Power folding side mirrors, very comfortable and good looking leather seats, cool stiching. Great power and regrlar gas.



Everything

the ajustable foot pedal for us short people

Great visibility; awesome dual climate system; wonderful sound system.

Silky smooth ride as good as the Lexus ES350. Engine is very powerful. Build quality.. Premium Audio is impressive. Rear windshade. As for reliability, Hyundai's initial quality was #3 behind porshe and Lexus in Initial Quality. It was also #3 in consumer reports most reliable large car.

Rear sunshade & power side mirrors.

Rear window shade, folding power mirrors, garage openers on rearview mirror.



Heated seats, telescoping steering wheel w/ controls, Infinity surround sound system, Home Link system, two power ports. 

The ESC module. what a nice feature. 

All 

Powerfolding mirrors, power rear sunshade, sweet soundsystem.

Comfortable ride and quiet cabin. Excellent performance. Improved fuel economy.

Excellent road handling. Five star ride quality. Quiet yet powerful. Very humble price (it is actually a $40,000 car).

Ride Interior Quality feel

Quality throughout. Simple and easy to use controls for radio, HVAC, heated seat, window lift switches. Excellent safety items like curtain air bags. Michelin tires & TPMS. Steering and road feel are excellent. Good location and plenty of storage. Rear window shade. Doors opening wide and others.





Interior design and comfort, Infinity sound system, safety features, outside folding mirrors, trunk size, dignified exterior appearance and many more bang for the buck features. 

Adjustable drivers positions using powerseat and pedals. Controls on steering wheel.

I love the dual climate control, rain sensing wipers, power tilt and telescoping wheel, power back window shade, cavernous interior and folding outside mirrors.

Luxury features for a fraction of the price of competitors. Everything is put together extremely well. I also love the ride and the car's overall appearance. A really classy car.

Auto climate system. Great audio system.

Large trunk, sun shade, quiet engine, well finished leather interior. Exterior white pearl color with chrome accents. Great performance. Best price compared to competitors.

X-m radio. Heated seats. Memory seat and mirror features. Three-jet windshield washers. Steering turning circle. Auto. Air and heating feature. Outside trunk release. Carpeted trunk. Bright headlights. 

Tilt/telescoping steering wheel, auto rain sensing wipers, electronic folding mirrors.

Excellent instrument layout 

Power, super quiet, comfy heated seats, sound system,

Nice interior with lots of leg room. 

Most comfortable seats I have ever had in a car along with plenty of interior space.

I love the interior room and comfort. The leather seats and style are the level of luxury I was looking for. I love the power of 3.8l engine. I love the body design.

Engine power. folding mirrors.

Good visibility and comfortable ride. Mpg on trips avg. 28-31, city 17-18.

Style, roominess, fuel economy and quietness

Heated seats and audio controls on steering wheel are my two favorites.

See above statements.

Heated Seats, memory seating (I have the Ultimate Package), electroluminescent dash; rear power shade, SportShift transmission (I would be quite disappointed if this were not available); VERY GOOD room overall (this was one of my deciding factors). Good quality materials on the inside.

Not many!!

Memory, dual air, auto wipers and lights, Infinity audio, straight forward instrument panel and controls. Heated seats. On smooth roads, it rides extremely well. Extremely quite even with sunroof open.

Sound system, engine, transmision

Exterior style, ride, performance, quietness, interior style.

heated seats, telescoping steering wheel which automatically moves in and out of place, auto wipers and dimming mirrors and overall quiet motor and looks.

3.8L V6, wonderful Infinity surround stereo w/ sub, glass moonroof, brigade of airbags, cavernous trunk, other active & passive safety features, silky smooth and powerful acceleration, 4x 1-touch up and down windows & sunroof, simply a beautiful luxury car with great attention to detail!

Sound system and performance are top notch, comfort is nice as well, and its quiet.

Interior and trunk space, seats, A/C, design, visibility, fuel economy is very good for a car of this size. Auto up/down front windows (very handy!!)

I like the auto sun-shade, Infinity 600wpc stereo, huge trunk, acceleration, lighted dash console layout and cost of ownership.

5 level Heated seats, huge trunk space, shick interior design, just name a few

power foling mirrors. quietness.

XM, leather, fabulous sound system, charger plug and air conditioning vent in back seat (helps greatly with kids). Has plenty of power when you need it.

real window curtain automatic pedal adjustments

rear curtain rain sensing wiper control etc.

Lighting of rear view mirrors to indicate turn signals and great brake lights.. plus smooth transmission and the ability to shift down on hills.

- EXCELLENT all-aluminum 3.8L V6. Can't tell if it's idling or turned off, it's so smooth. - extremely quick-shifting and silky smooth 5-speed transmission - heated seats incredible stereo good leather huge trunk huge rear seats sharp interior trim safety features good looking and for HOW MUCH!?!?!?

heated seats, exterior, interior, sound system, comfortable ride, rear sunshade.

The power and ride. Just fantastic!

Quiet, comfortable, easy to manuever, power enough, mileage is excellent for a car this size, variable valve timing allows unleaded gas and efficient burning (good green rating), interior seems to fit like a glove and the fit and finish is superb.

POWER. Put your foot in it and it GOES. Seating, though high, is really comfy. Passenger and cargo room is caverous. Awesome Infinity sound system. (Please add an Mp3 jack and nix the cassette, next model)

Folding mirrors, easy to reach controls, standard safety features such as ESC with TCS, ABS with Brake Assist and EBD. Fold down back seat,large trunk. Engine power and smooth transmission shifting. 

All the bells and whistles on the Limited with Ultimate package. Too many to list. MPG is about 28 on highway to 31 on interstate, which is very good for the power and size.

Smooth, quiet ride. Very comfortable. Good styling. Nice sound system. Decent gas milage, especially compared with my Explorer. I like the suspension as opposed to what some say. It's a matter of taste, I guess.

Look, comfort, handling.

Great audio system, very comfortable seats for the long drive, climate control works great. all controls within easy reach. quiet ride

Hanleing,Ride,Comfort,Sound System, Air, 

 powerful engine when needed to get up and geat going

I had XM radio installed after the sale at a local stereo dealer. It is terrific on a trip. Seats are wonderful. This is a true road car and a great pleasure to drive.



Acceleration is excellent and very smooth. Interior quality of materials is excellent and better than Lexus E350 and BMW 3 Series. Car is very comfortable and despite my height I have plenty of head and front (and rear legroom). Price is a value

Quiet engine, refined looking, powerful. Has most of the extras you would expect in a luxury car. Hyundai has really hit a grand slam with the Azura. Love the XM radio and automatic rear sun shade.

I loved my car to begin with, but now I am extremely concerned that there is a problem that will continue to get worse. 

I like like just getting in the car and driving down the road with plenty of power and smoothness and luxury surrounding me. 

auto shift transmission and comfortable seating.

All great, no one favorite.

Speed. Seats. Handling. Ergonomics. Trunk size. Rear leg room. On and on and on.

Rear sunshade, the ride, 6 CD in-dash, huge truck and spacious front and backseat area.

Ride quality and all those gadgets (power folding mirrors, power pedal adjustment, power sunshade, signals on mirrors, memory seats/mirrors, fold flat split rear seat, etc.).

Quietness, stereo, seats, massive trunk.

Looks, acceleration, traction and stability control, spacious and comfortable interior, stereo

Heated, power, leather seats ... climate control ... Infinity audio system ... rear windshield screen ... folding side mirrors ... two power ports ... 

XM Radio and the Infinity 7 Sound System, folding exterior mirrors, ESC

Memorable seat, steering, mirors & pedals setting _ Ergonomic cabin _ high performance of egine & transmition _ good price _ economy _ comfort 

Programable driver seat settings and the overall interior layout. XM in the Infinity sytem sounds fantastic.

Safety features, fit and finish, comfort. All the bells and whistles. Still havent figured all of them out!

Select settings for myself and my wife upon entry. Trunk size is great. Dual armrest storage. 

Powerful V6, comfortable heated leatherseats, refreshing styling (interior & exterior), exceptional value for price, regular fuel, large trunk, great warranty, power sun shade, & Infinity sound system.

Memory, dual AC, heated seats, audio, interior and exterior design. Instruments and controls are simple and straight forward. Super quite, even with sunroof open or rear windows partially open. Power pedals, more safety and luxury features as standard, visibility, auoto sunshade, big double console

Comfort, interior design, smooth responsive v6, safety features, roominess 

I added XM radio after the sale. It is a neat installation for only $241.00. The car is serenely comfortable. Dual zone AC is terrific. Leather seats are wonderful. Round-trip was 25 mpg at 70 mph on the interstate with air all the time. Even my wife is convinced it was a terrific purchase. 

Quiet and smooth ride. The 6 player CD is great. I also enjoy the available extra space offered by the folding 60/40 rear seat.

Inside trim, gauges, dual control A/C, XM radio. Also look of dual exhausts.

room,comfort,power,luxury items,better gas mileage than I expected.

Seats are very comfortable, great stereo, fast engine, good looking rims, great warranty, unbeatable value. 

Smooth, responsive and quiet ride; impecable fit & finish; loaded safety features; very roomy and comfortable; 

Fold down rear seats. Lots of trunk room. Great leg room equal to or better than my Jaguar XJ.

Comfortable seating with generous adjustment. A first-class sound system in the premium Infinity audio. 8 airbags provide adequate protection. ESC was a must for us. Engine is powerful and extremely quiet. The car is really fun to drive with the all the comfort you could ever desire. 

Power

