Outside styling, sport suspension.

Reliability. Adequate power. Very good handling. Very good sound system. Value for the dollar.

The 5.1 sur, DVD, nav, and Xenon head lamps, chromed wheels. I love the fuel, air pres, and maintenance monitors! All cars should come with an oil change and tire rotation schedule reminder! That preventative maintenance would save so many people a lot of money in the long run. Homelink is nice too 

I love the sport car like seats. The nav and backup camera work great. The car handles very well for a 4dr sedan. You would almost think its a sports car. I love the power potential of this car and that it's correct wheel drive! You cannot beat rear wheel drive, unless I guess you have the AWD one!

The reason I chose this car over others is my love for music. The DVD system with 5.1 sound and speakers in the headrest is outstanding. Best sound anywhere. I love the look of the car, and being a big man this car is super comfortable for me. Great power in all situations. Good navigation system.

Rear view camera, navigation system, acceleration, push botton start, interior materials are very high quality.

Rear camera, Bluetooth, smoothness and power, voice navigation.

Deceivingly smooth and powerful engine. Solid and quiet chassis. Extremely supportive seats. All kinds of techno-features. Way cool nav system. Roomy front and respectful rear seat room. Great handling. More than ample trunk space.

Voice control, bluetooth, air-cooled front seats, active rear suspension, the big trunk, the Nav system.

Engine, seat comfort, real wood interior, active cruise control, stereo system.

4.5 V8. Active steering. Awesome braking system. Navigation system. Adaptive Cruise (didn't think I wanted this, but now I always use it!!). DVD-Audio 5.1 audio system.

The way it drives - really a fun car to drive.

Everything except the headlights.

Navigation, Bluetooth, DVD, keyless entry and start, rear camera, adaptive cruise control. Horsepower - SPEED!

Stereo, V8 smooth power, handling, comfort, looks, quiet, intelligent cruise control really works, bluetooth phone integration.

Navigation system, backup camera, bluetooth. I purchased the Infiniti chrome wheels. They really dressed up the car.

Where to start after upgrading from a minivan! First would be the "memory system" for driver's seat & mirror. Control center is easy to use! Sound system is very good.

Steering responsiveness and chassis balance. The power is always there and there's plenty in reserves. Rear view camera is useful. Driver's front, side and rear road views. The fuel economy is not bad for V8. Speed and every day comfort. 

the engine and the various small items not noticed until needed, ie., the lane changer, the back up camera, the blue tooth, the navigation system, the air and heated seats, the comfortable seats. 

Favorite features are: 1 - The handling, power and speed. I wanted something that was fun to drive, yet still a 4-door (and the BMW M5 isn't very comfortable). 2 - The electronics. The Japanese invented this stuff (Sony, Panasonic, etc) and the driver interface is simple and fairly intuitive. 

Suggested Improvements

all the toys, the positive comments from people.

19" Wheels Telescpoic Steering Wheel Rear View Monitor

Adaptive speed control, acceleration, braking, back-up camera.

Horsepower, torque, rearview camara, voice commands, Bluetooth capability

Amazing technology! 

The interior, air-conditioned seats (I live in FL) and the reverse camera.

Real-time tire pressure read out. More technology "toys" than you can find in a Brookstone store. SAT radio, NAV with voice response, cool dash. And of course that backup camera, can't live without that.

345 HP!!!!! GREAT steering feel, much better ride than the 2006 M35 Sport I turned in!

Acceleration and handling. Truly a driver's car.

