Speed. Brakes



1. Sun roof 2. BOSE 3. Hand controls on steering wheel 4. 6 disc in-dash CD player 5. Heated seats that are comfortable 6. Roomy inside, well designed, outside is great! Smooth lines, hugs the road -- I get lots of compliments!

Great looks, 6-speed trans, tech pkg with keyless start/ remote start.

The look of the car is great.. but that is about it!



Fast and handles well



Exterior styling, Bose sound system



Comfort and braking.

The lights, interior, great power, sound system, handling.

Turbo.

Turbo, design inside and out, sports car manners, SIRIUS satelite radio.

The size, the look, and the Bose sound.



The body style, the Bose sound systemw/6 cd and the leather heated seats, the great acceleration.



The seats, tech package and the performance.



The turbo. The overall look. The vehicle ( Black Mica Cherry) turns heads wherever I go.

Exterior styling, strong acceleration matched with strong braking, standard manu-matic 6spd transmission, standard safety features like traction control, abs and full airbags.

None

Tough to choose between looks and performance.

Transmission and power. Fun to drive.

Look, reliability and affordable. Lexus RX 330 looks so small from the back compare to CX-7. Zippy on twisty roads.

I love the overall look of the car. Everytime I walk towards the car I can't help but smile... it looks great!!

Sporty, comfortable, had excellent experiences with prior Mazdas.

GPS is awesome. The leather package is extremely comfortable. Lots of leg room for rear passengers, the rear view camera is just about the best invention ever. The totally keyless entry is great. You never have to take keys out of your pocket to open/close doors or start the car. Too cool.

Love the satellite radio! Drives like a sports car.

Bodywork, sport handling, loud horn.

Heated leather seats, aluminum wheels, 4-wheel disc brakes, tilt/slide power sunroof, cargo cover and much more. The best feature is the Bose stereo system with the best sound!

Smooth shifting 6 speed auto, AWD, quick release back seats, turbo boost.



All features.

The performance.

Design and tech package.

AWD, turbo!!, car was winterized (made for alaska's temperatures), remote start, bose sound system,and most important is safety. Everytime I push the gas pedal I have to slowly push it, because the car has a boost. The vehicle has standard horsepower 244, that is great for a 4 cylinder with turbo.

Acceleration along with the MPG in a SUV

Looks, handling.

Tech package and the smooth drive and solid shocks.

Interior design exterior design.

Sports car handling, yet perfect for the longer highway drives. Bose sound system. Styling "curb appeal".

DVD navigation (I will not buy another car without nav), Sirius satellite radio, AWD, heated seats, shiftable automatic transmission.

I love everything about this car!

Plenty of get-up-and-go. Styling is dead-on and good features for the price. It fits in my little garage!

Looks great.





The look - it looks more expensive than it actually was. my son loves the Bose sound system.

Outstanding performance and safety.

Keyless start, AWD is very smart: drives like a rear drive when you push it, voice activated navigation, 

AWD.

Love the styling and that giddy-up when you need it. Being a music lover, the Bose is great. Comfortable seating and easy access and use in the back.



The Bose stereo and the handling.

Stylish interior/exterior, comfortable drive, sling shot Mazdaspeed engine, impressive handling. Has tons of features standard.

Appearance, handling, performance, advanced keyless entry/start system, Bose stereo, nav system, rear camera.

Styling, tech package.

Power for a 4 cylinder.

Leather interior, 6-spd sport-shift, interior lay out & design, usable storage space, rear view camera, Xenon lights.

Nav system, performance, handling, Bose sound system, backup camera.

Easy to get in and out, good acceleration, easy to drive, handles well and good Bose radio.

Ease of converting the back for cargo instead of passengers.

Style, response, steering wheel controls. 

Cute.

Love the Tech Package, it's a must have. Seats are just right, firm without being hard, very "German" feeling. Handles precisely and the ride is compliant but just firm enough. Power is more than adequate with very slight turbo lag. AWD works as advertised. Plenty of bells & whistles.

Ample leg room for this 6'2" human. Simplicity of controls. Cabin illumination, seat bolstering, Amazing Bose sound system, etc.

Really enjoy the looks of the vehicle. Very fun to drive. More than peppy enough for most folks.

My favorite features is the sports car performance.

Performance and interior build quality!

Everything.

Turbo engine, steering wheel radio controls, love the space, power mirrors, doors, locks, keyless entry all standard.

NAV, sound system, turbo, interior.

The steering wheel controls, iPod adapter, and cargo mat.

Looks cool.

Power, Tech package, Style, One-touch fold-down rear seats, Great steering, Smooth transmission, Roomy.

Everything, fun to drive.

I love the styling. This car just looks tough. The interior is nicely done as well and there is plenty of storage space.

Steering is amazingly precise, ride is firm but not harsh, power is smooth and abundant, the Bose stereo is incredible, and the tech option has completely spoiled me. How cool is it to not have to fumble with a key?

Turbo engine, sporty ride and handling, comfortable seats and loaded with all safety features.

The turbo, the handling!

Driving pleasure, leather seats (first I've owned) looks great, not clunky like the Dodge cars or Chrysler cars. 

Turbo, tight steering and great sporty look! 

Color, body style, wheels, leather, navigation, chrome trim, piano black accents, BOSE!, red/blue instrument panel...I could go on and on.

The looks and the power!

Lots of legroom, headroom, great looking in and out, very responsive. Lots of fun to drive. This one really turns heads.

Love the turbo. Interior is roomy and has nice layout, and is comfortable.

Looks sexy, 6 speed automatic transmission or you can shift it yourself, turbo, awesome to drive. Lots of options are standard on this car.

Handling. Braking. In dash 6CD. Built in sat radio. Appearance. Interior comfort. Sporty feel to the steering wheel.

4 cylinder turbo; it's very nimble and quick, handling is great. The stiff ride is compromised by great handling, Bose stereo is amazing, I have no problem with the premium gas, you people have to be realistic, almost all turbo cars require premium gas. Don't buy an SUV if your going to complain about gas mileage.

AWD; 244 HP; Xenon lights and safety features; Bose sound system.

The technology package well worth the extra money. The navigation system is just awesome, the satellite radio also and the back up camera just sweet. Xenon lights are beyond expectation.

Too many to list... I love the turbo engine, blue illumination inside, heated seats, and nav system. 

Handling and looks.

Car is fun to drive. I have all bells and whistles on it. Great performance and good looks. 

Leather seats, stereo is loud and had all kinds of goodies. Transmission choices.

I like the automatic/manual transmission although I still have a hard time with the manual shifting because my right foot keeps seeking out a clutch pedal.

Straight line acceleration, corning, exterior styling, large number of standard features, great value for the money.

Navigation, keyless entry/ignition, headlights, Sirius, Bose.

Look, feel, seating comfort, huge windshield for better road view.

GREAT broad torque range and lots of it. Fabulous handling. Safety features abound. Very nice interior, sharp, sexy exterior, loaded with features. Handles like no other. Unique. GREAT audio. Very quiet interior. 

Keyless dntry, remote start, turbo, exterior styling, nav system.

Blue light at night for seeing inside around the gear shift. The incredible sound system. The powerful 4 cylinder turbo charged engine offering 244hp.

Love the Bose system, the blue dash lights are cool.

The power. I did not want an SUV type car. Lots of power and gets kudos for looks as everyone asks about it in the parking lots. 

Color (Black Cherry Mica), 6 speed automatic transmission with shiftronic manual option, Turbo acceleration.

Handling and braking, Bose sound, Sirius radio, climate control, and the headlights. 

1. Turbomotor. 2. Handling 3. Looks 4. Gear car is in is indicated full time on dash display. 5. Bose sound.

Solid & fun to drive compared to others. Safety ratings, Tech Package, satellite radio...all the toys, plus it's roomy! LOVE the quality inside & out. The Zoom!

THis car gose any where in style. Very family friendly. and the comits from my frends who bought $40000.00 MDX's Piolts and Tribecas wishing they had bought a CX-7 but are to upside down in there car. 

Bose radio

bose sound, black leather heated seats, awd, steering wheel features for stereo.



fun acr to drive (when it is running!

The manual shifter is OK once the up/down pattern is memorized, it isn't intuitive. Otherwise, it's all fairly mundane. Lack of an outside temperature gauge is very annoying.

Heated leather seats, brakes, peppy engine traction comfort, vision

Exterior design, interior layout, Bose stereo.

The five star crash and safety rating, the engine which is perfectly mated to the vehicle, the interior leather, Bose stereo, the firm but comfortable seats and the overall agility.

The look of the car is sporty. Roomy trunk area.

Fun to drive! Great handling (like a sports car), interior design, seats are firm but comfortable (heated). Lots of storage space, and auto up/down windows.

Instrument cluster illumination options, advanced keyless entry,voice commanded navigation, exterior "drive-me" look, all wheel drive, xenon headlights with manual adjustment inside, Sirius radio with 18 presets (SR1, SR2, SR3), steering wheel radio controls, remote start, turbo charged, 18" wheels.

As long as you're out of the boost and use your cruise control, you can get 27mpg highway and 21mpg in the city. The xenons lights are amazing, as is the interior and the seats.

The Bose 9 speaker in dash 6 CD is awesome but not as captivating as the electroluminescent gauges with indirect blue lighting. Makes night driving fun!

The look of the vehicle, the smooth ride, turning radius, the 18 inch wheels, quietness, the feel of leather. I even took it off road on a recent trip, it actually handled pretty well. Good price for the value, a RAV4 was smaller and comparable in price.

Body design; it's more like one of those expensive suvs.

The handling & braking.

The navigation system, sun roof, stereo, and lots of room for gear.

Style! Dash board with tech package and 9 speaker Bose system rocks. Remote start is so cool.

Sports car feel but we can haul our dogs and groceries around at the same time!

Love the GPS above everything. I travel three states in sales and visit little towns you have never heard of. I put the address in the GPS and it talks me right up to the driveway. Again, gotta love this car...well done Mazda.

Handling and performance.

The keyless system is actually pretty handy and the adjustable headlights really do make a difference. Up in the boonies I could honestly see all the way from left to right completely.

The technology package is great, especially the rear view camera.The Electroluminescent Gauges with indirect blue lighting is beautiful while driving at night.

Sporty looks, zippy engine.

Power - great get-up-and-go. Style, ease of use of interior features, room in the back seat (plenty of leg room).

Navigation system and handling.

Like the manual shift capability - really fun, the lines of the car are clean and modern, navigation system, keyless entry system.

Exterior design, fun to drive ZOOM ZOOM, comfortable seats, not too big or tall for a suv.

Rear view backup camera is a very strong safety feature giving an excellent rear view and aids in parking as part of the navigation unit. Brakes are phenomenal as is the handling. Very good fit and finish.

High intensity headlights, Bose system and handling. Also, love the incandescent blue lighting in the dash while driving at night.

The Bose 9-speaker stereo with in-dash 6 CD changer sounds amazing. I love the interior design of the GT, mine is the sand leather with the black "croc" stripe.

So much fun to drive! Effortless, tight turns and very quick turbo engine. I can pass on the freeway, in all 6 gears, quickly. The look of this vehicle is just outstanding. I get looks everywhere I go. I'm a high school teacher. When my students saw it in the parking lot, they were blown away!

Acceleration, DVD navigation, sporty leather seats, drives like a car, great design.

Touch screen Nav system is far superior to others with the joystick. And the radio integrated with the touchscreen is also a great feature. 

Fast, fun to drive. great sound system, and it is easy to use and easy to change the channels. 

Engine, handling, Bose system, the quality of the leather & materials, xenon lights, 18 inch rims, styling, sophistication, dual sided cargo floor (upholstered & hard shell cargo cover is standard).

Sportiness, fun to drive, powerful, great in turn even at high speed, the steering makes it very easy to make a fast curve. Room for all of my musical gear, 2 guitars and a full PA system all in the back. Thanks Edmunds! Your site was a big time saver and a money saver also. Bose is great!

Not worth buying without the technology package. It is really what sets this car apart as far as interior design. It is extremely easy to use and with the added sunroof and intelligent key system, is worth every dollar.

Navigation package, CD changer.

The Bose stereo is awesome! My son loves to open the sunroof and turn up the volume. 

Grand Touring interior with Tech package.

The looks. The taillights and head lights. Seats are like racing seats. Comfortable. Color. Turbo!

The comfortable drivers seat, the power of the engine, the style - just about everything.

Sound system, style, handling. Love the sound controls on steering wheel. Nobody can mess with my music!

Xenon headlights, red dash illumination, auto A/C, very good stock stereo (with Bose option, that is).

Great vehicle for the price.

The Technology Package: Nav, DVD, keyless entry, remote start. A MUST HAVE! I love the interior, the SAND make a very clean statement.

Power & comfort are notable, also smooth & quiet. My new favorite car.

Steering response, road-feel, handling, smooth 6-speed transmission, remote start option, styling, and price.

Base model is well equipped. Value - a lot for little money. Handles very good, better than any other suv I have owned. Very very little torque steer. Great brakes. Headlights light the road very good. Ride is quiet and ride is not too hard nor too soft.

Styling, handling, performance, features (sunroof, Bose, xenons).

Great combination of fun and convenience.

Adjustable Xenon headlights (only available on the Grand Touring Model as standard).

Styling. Mazda scored big points in this department. Also the 9 speaker Bose system. This SUV ROCKS!

AWD. Technology pack is lovely.

The turbo, the exterior styling and and the ride.

The Sport Automatic. Very cool feature. The handling and the style are also incredible.

Exterior styling.

-Peppy engine once you get off the line. -Nice looks for a small SUV. -The Bose stereo is one of the better "stock" systems I've had in terms of definition.

The stereo and the navigation. When you put it in reverse a little camera shows you what is behind you. 

Power and handling are excellent. You need to keep your eye on the speedometer: It's easy to find yourself doing 85-90 mph on the highway as the engine hasn't begun to break a sweat at that point. Steering on twisting country roads is impressive, as is the car's stopping ability. 

Very attractive exterior styling, excellent handling and braking, automatic shifts very smoothly, nav system is very easy to use.

The way it looks and drives, plenty of room inside and not too high or big outside.

Style and performance is number one. Ease of folding the rear seats is excellent - much improved over the method of folding the seats on the Mazda Tribute.

Navigation, roomy, sporty, color, sound system, good trunk area

Looks great. Lots of power.

Bose stereo, style and look, drives like a car, lots of power when needed.

Stability of ride, acceleration.

Bose is decent, drives like car, usually reliable

Bose, heated seats, turbo, steering wheel radio controls(you can scan stations unlike what below says), and I like I can roll windows down w/ keyless remote.

It does handle as close to a sports car as an SUV will get. You don't get a lot of body roll feel.

Exterior styling and handling.

Engine, handling and interior. The outside is pretty sexy, too!

Fun to drive. Very peppy!

Excellent reliability. 19-20 average MPG, usually with surfboard on top.

Dashboard and vents are very functional. Space in console and glove box is great. Leg room is impressive.

Bose stereo

The engine, the high driving position, the agility and handling, and the comfortable seats.

The only thing this vehicle has going for it is its style. It is a sharp looking car.

6 speed auto transmission, air conditioning, aerodynamic exterior sporty design, safety features

Exterior styling is great; turbo great fun to drive, premium gas bad in 07 model; handles like a sports car; carries Marshall halfstack, guitars and PA gear nicely; cool electric blue paint; love the 18 inch wheels.

Black leather seats and attractive interior. The car cools instantly in hot Texas weather. The Bose sounds system is banging and the gas mileage isn't as bad as I had prepared myself for (I don't gun the gas pedal!). Highest safety. ratings!

GPS, Bose stereo, Keyless entry, Sirius, HID lights (tech package) AWD, sporty for an suv.

interior, exterior, engine.

Overall utility without tradeoffs, transmission is terrific, motor is seriously well engineered. Very safe vehicle. 



This car looks great. I get compliments wherever it goes. Haven't used the heated seats yet, but I will this winter.

Stiff suspension, reasonably comfortable ride.

Seats, leg room. power seat great performance & handling. Safety ratings very good. I like the special headlights ,and the auto adjusting rearview mirror. Transmission is great!

Acceleration, drivability, roominess, comfort, sleek sexy body style, power. 

Auto climate control works great in our 100+ degree summers, comfortable seats, sporty drive, 6-spd automatic, HID lights - safety! We were rear-ended on the highway and while the car was an inch away from being totalled, it was repaired, no one was hurt and after a year it still drives like its new.

1. Safety - AWD, braking, stability control, airbags. 2. Handling & driving experience, manual/auto shift

Bose audio , CD/MP3, nav. stereo set-up. Overall good performance and very responsive on acceleration with a firm ride and handling for vehicle this size. Good rear fold down storage if needed.

Liked the look of the car when we bought it, that quickly went away!

Bose sound system, leather seats, comfort, sunroof, how the back seats fold down (can fold them down from the tailgate or by the seat). Huge center console (can fit a laptop). Steering wheel controls are great, shifting system in nice. Its a sporty, elegant and sexy car!

Modern look (lots of compliments), wide tires, great acceleration, interior cargo cover (extra), nice interior design, comfort, smooth drive, option to lower right part of the back seat even with baby car seat inside the middle.

Turbo, sleek design, controls on steering wheel, very comfortable.

The heated seats, the looks of the vehicle, the Bose stereo system.

Handling, turbo, AWD, adjustable HIDs, looks, trans, blue interior light.

Styling: car looks good and is fun to drive when it works. 

Great Bose sound!! Beautiful exterior design! Comfortable interior!

Bose radio, sexy & elegant look (exterior & interior), comfortable, power, electronic features & lights (exterior & interior).

Everything.

Lokks cool,but seats are uncomfortable and you can't see your gauges in normal daylight!A lot of blindspots as well. The wipers only clean about 70% of the windshield.

Looks, style, handling. Lots of storage space in the rear, and I love the split seats. I have the cargo net and it works great with groceries.

Interior design (especially on the GT trim) is stylish, and the controls are well laid-out and simple. There are no abundance of buttons and gadgets that complicate the center cosole, making it very easy to use. Bose sound system great. Handling and acceleration is top notch. 

Driving experience (when it runs) Exterior appearance

The Bose stereo is great. I opted out of the tech package so that I could integrate and iPod cradle and video feed for LCDs in the headrest. No need for DVDs! The interior build is great, the trunk is spacious, and it definitely has the heart of a sport car. 

Style, comfor,t performance

I love Bose system with 6 CD changer in dash and the climate control. Also in the dark the highway it is very well illuminated thanks to the xenon lights.

Engine, seat comfort, and 65/35 split rear seat. I also like the safety options this car came with.

Fit & finish. Tasteful use of plastic materials to make it look more expensive. No squeaks, rattles. Excellent handling for car this size. Very good HMI (human machine interface) for audio/nav. Better then RDX, X3 and FX.

Vehicle exterior looks. Vehicle interior looks - with the exception of everything being plastic.

The color. Its a Black Cherry. When I'm out driving it I get great reviewabout the car. Everyone love thecolor. I can be at thetop light people tell me how they like the car.

The factory 18 inch wheels look better than any of the competitors. They complement an already great looking car.

Ext & Int Design. Solid Build. Turbo scoot with taut, communicative handling. Confidence inspiring grip of AWD, TC and world class brakes! Tech package a terrific addition if you can swing it. Keyless ignition, adjustable Xenon headlamps a nice touch.

The outside of the car and the color. I have the light blue. Once you are on the highway it runs very smooth. 

Handling, seat comfort, exterior looks, gauges.

My favorite feature is the sound system. It has an overall top notch sound.

My favorite feature is everything abour the interior. The way the navigation scrren looks and display not only the map but FM, CD, and Sirius satelite info.

Turbo! Color and leather.

Stereo and brakes

exterior looks, sound system,interior roominess

Very tight and the safety features makes you feel safe. You work all audio controls from the steering wheel.

dynamically-adjusted steering force, quick braking, futuristic styling, seat belt reminder, great stock speakers

Interior size is just right. Comfy for a guy 6'3". Navi and sound system. Suspension is nice and firm - I like that. Tight steering and brakes. The fold down back seats work well.

Zoom-Zoom power and sports handling. Fantastic stopping power (4-vented pays off). Bose premium sound. Quick-release rear seats. Power driver's seat. Intuitive driver controls. Ease of loading. Overall cutting-edge design. Gets admiring glances (and stares). 

The look of the exterior.

Interior looks, the Bose sound system w/6 cd, leather heated seats, interior lighting, Xenon headlights (very cool), factory Installed satellite radio, exterior looks like I paid a lot more for the car (very sleek). All my friends and family LOVE this car!

Interior lighting, brake lights, leather heated front seats, spacious, Bose 6-cd changer, braking is perfect, highly stable.

The front view looks so sporty I love the width and shape. It looks like a panther (I have the black clearcoat). I love the way it drives. The turbo is just what I like. I don't care to spend more on gas to have that. Great cargo. Also I love the 18 inch wheels. Overall this car is smokin!

Adjustable headlights. Rear-view camera. 

Bose stereo is fantastic. Bought the iPod integration is nice, but a bit difficult to manage what you want to listen to. The interior lighting is amazing. Great handling and just a blast to drive.

Irridescent interior lighting, xenon headlights, heated gt leather seats. Bose sound system.

