First 45,000 miles

Handling, power, size, quality and dealership service.

Off road capabilities, low fuel cons, 0-60, sport regime on transmission, handling, ESP, V6 TDI engine ))) 500 Hm))



excellent interior, quality great, nice ride, great features 

I love the power and torque, great for hauling my boat, etc., gets 25 mpg if you go the speed limit on the highway.

I can't feel the transmisson shift. It is so smooth that the only way I know the car is shifting is listen to the pitch in the exhaust.

The bi-xenon lights, interior lighting color of instrument and dash panels, and mostly the 6 speed auto sport (triptronic) transmission, coupled with the V8 it's like driving a sports car/SUV.

The best part about this SUV is its power and standard features. One would have to get multiple optional packages on similar German SUVs, but this one has got it all!

Engine, transmission, seat comfort

The seats are excellent. The transmission is the smoothest to date and it has more then enough power. It is a pleasure to drive on the turnpike at higher speeds.

The interior fit and finish and nice sound system (I had an iPod adapter added). I love the styling and performance and feel very safe and secure in it. This is a great looking, sporty SUV for the money!

All of the standard features are great. 

The interior / exterior finish and comfort of the quiet ride. It has great options available. This is not your usual (X5 or MDX) SUV that you see everywhere. The quality is here!

I love the luxurious interior and options. It has heated seats in the front and rear and even in the steering wheel. It has a nice, solid feel!

I like how it is so roomy inside and handles any road condition.

The fantastic design and fun ride.

The exterior styling, interior styling, comfort, great handling, and safety features.

The 350 hp FSI V8 motor, 6-speed transmission with sport and manual shift modes, optional air suspension with adaptive xenon lights.

Everything

The lack of blind spots on the road. This truck is amazing and very safe.

Everything.

The sunroof, the aggressive exterior styling, and the interior design are very good.

The amazing power outlets, both for 12V and household electrical plugs. If you know a Touareg owner, ask for a demo or goto a dealer.

The adaptive headlights, sound system, and rear view camera.

The air ride suspension makes you feel like you have a nice smooth ride.

The ease of use, layout, drive, and safety galore. This is a well built machine.

The interior fit and finish is second to none. The look is slick and gorgeous on the outside as well

I love the cabin of my Touareg! The keyless entry is a huge life saver especially with my baby in hand. I'm telling you that this is by far the best car/SUV that I have ever owned, especial for the money!

