Awesome, almost freaky motor. Love how this V8 revs to 8200 rpm. Subtle but aggressive styling inside and out. I get 17 city 22 highway, when I stomp on it I get around 15 overall, I think thats great for a 420 hp engine.

Engine, engine, engine! Quattro with its rear bias is also terrific. 

Exhaust note, suspension, blue tooth, wheels, engine block look, color (phantom black), tail pipes.



The 'S' button or the Spaz button, the acceleration and the brakes are my favorites. Acceleration is sweet but if you can't stop on a dime, you're going to be in trouble at some point.

Looks, interior and power ratio with the 60% 40% Quattro.

The engine... there's nothing like 420hp and an 8000rmp red line in a small sedan. Love that it comes with a lap timer. And, of course, the Recaro leather & carbon interior.

Smooth acceleration. Quattro, 420 hp, and winter tires in the snow!

The distinct bold new lines on the exterior with the new front and rear designed grill and oval exhaust pipes that resonates the excellent engine noise when its in the S mode.Also the extra HP now available due to the direct fuel injection (FSI) and the handling is just great. 

Engine, brakes (flawless), sport button, build quality and interior, lateral stability is dynamite.

4 doors - yes, that's a feature for a sports car. The disguise, looks like a sporty car, but it's really a racer that can take on any of the players in its class.

Quattro, interior finishings, engine, size

The exterior is gorgeous (I got my car in the Avus Silver) and the power... wow! I think that for the price tag you get more bang for your buck than even higher priced cars.



The whole car.

Exhaust, cornering and stability.

Horsepower with a 411 gear ratio.

Amazing engine with a 8,250 redline, drop-dead gorgeous looks, Audi quality interior, very fun to drive fast or slow.

S button... really turned it into ear candy.

Consistent torque, smooth and free revving engine, refined yet capable suspension setup, great interior design and materials, SD card slot in radio, understated exterior design, beautiful exhaust note, and the ability to drive a unique car not many others have. EVERYONE in LA has an M3. 

Brakes are stupid strong, almost mashed my stuff the 1st day on accident. The car get looks everywhere I go, lots of head scratching? What is that? The sound has got to be the #1, it sounds like a race Audi from the factory! 10 points Audi.

Hi-revving 420 hp V8, both for it's power and its lascivious sound. Excellent Recaro seats. Bluetooth. NAV with integrated SD card readers. Colossal braking power and handling.

The car has an exhaust note which is like an aria, and speaks to the soul of any car enthusiast. 

Performance is unbelievable. 

Speed, cornering and fit and finish.

Awesome cornering, gutteral sound, and terrific fit and finish.

