Air compressor - driveability - Reasonable gas mileage. Workmanship in build is great. (Thanks Canada)

I activated and use OnStar, XM radio and the built in cellular phone. These services have shown their value. I also like the 4 wheel drive selection that allows the car to decide when to engage 4 wheel drive. This is very useful in a rainy climate.

Safety, comfort, style, convenience, DVD player (for my daughter on long trips!), easy maneuvering, sound system and XM radio, and storage.

Great styling with 18" chrome wheels, fantastic Bowes Stereo w/ Sat stereo,heated seats, beautifully appointed interior, sunroof/moonroof, individual temp controls, 6500 lb towing ability, ultra smooth & powerful engine driveline with 3.42 axle ratio for low rpm cruise & best fuel economy

Exterior and interior looks

The ride is far better then any competitors comparable model. I also think the interior lay out and comfort are superior. Improved styling over earlier models such as steering wheel, gear shift, and seats. Ability to change options through display on instrument panel and steering wheel buttons.

V8, ride and handling, classic looks.

The handling and the turning radius the space and the room the moblie family.

The Navigation system, and the back seat, and the turning radius.

The Denali interior is top notch with the leather heated memory seats to the Nav and DVD systems. The stability track and the ride leveling make the ride smooth and secure.

Some great features include OnStar, dual-zone manual climate control, cruise control, etc.

Comfort, ride, room, power, versatility, capability (even in snow)

Body style, smooth and quiet ride, XM radio.

I enjoy having 90 days of free XM radio. I like it so much I will probably become a member.

Looks, American heritage. Engine is potent. It's the closest thing to driving a Sealy Posturpedic.

Turning radius and engine response

Great power for an I-6. Decent stereo w/ XM. I have the Carbon Fiber styled interior - looks awesome. Very quiet and easy to drive. Corners great - better than the reviews say it does. Several little storage compartments in cargo area. 

The power of the in line 6. The auto volume, auto dimmer mirror, the leather the faux wood trim with the brushed nickel finish, XM, OnStar, 6 disc Bose rocks. Hands free phone is a great feature. Tire pressure monitor. Handles great in turns

I love the way it drives. Bose sound system. Leather 8way, lumbar/heated seats. Super quiet ride, elegant interior. It's hard to believe you're in an SUV

Excellent comfort and performance for the price. 

Very affordable, quiet, comfortable, great 100,000 mile warranty

Sunroof with DVD. Fit and finish is excellent. 6,000 lbs towing. Great acceleration.

The engine, and the ride. Gas mileage is better than 6 cylinder Nissan. Every option is easily accessible to the driver. Seats are very comfortable and versatile. Ease of parking and taking off. Headlight washers, love them! Unobstructed view. Memory seats make getting in and out very natural. 



OnStar with personal phone number for the SUV. V8 302 hp engine. Interior design and appearance, and auto AC.

We love several features. OnStar services to include the personal phone number for the vehicle, V8 engine with 300 plus horses, rear seat option to attach headphones and listen different radio stations than the driver, memory functions, truck space and the stability of the ride in curves. 

Automatic air conditioning

Wood trim. 300 hp engine. Cylinder deactivation for better fuel economy.

Everything except the Navigation System.

I love the rain sensor feature, OnStar, heated seats, rear DVD entertainment, and the leather.

