Favorite feature would be the auto-volume on the radio. It works well considering the volume of the vehicle while driving.

Suggested Improvements



Ride height, ground clearance, power and engine bay.

None



Looks Great inside and out. Comfortable soft ride. Awesome factory stereo CD/MP3 player. Great Power! Very easy access oil filter. Right beside oil pan. Awesome paint job. Wood grain on dash and doors. 17 inch wheels Sits up higher than any other minivan except for Chevy Astro- Van. 

How high you sit.

The comfort, hauling capacity, sleek design. Don't feel so much like a typical soccer mom. 

The DVD player

I like the large rear view mirrors, back-up sensors, DVD player, and the van handles well and has plenty of power.

DVD player, 3.9 V-6, 4-wheel disc brakes. Overall styling

Roominess, gas mileage.

NONE



I actually like the styling of the Uplander and the paint is better than average.

Power slide doors, entertainment system.

DVD, lots of cup holders, sliding doors

OnStar. This thing rocks! I could call in any adress or site in North America and they give you the directions on your dashboard! Great for long distance driving. I just have a piece of mind knowing that if anything happens to my vehicle I just call on star and help will come to you. 

All of the above, looks, ride, brakes, wheels, etc. and the price is about $10,000 less than an Odyssey.

Price. Buy 1 year old dirt cheap due to lousy resale value.

DVD for passengers. Park assist. Ear phones for kids and passengers. Nice ride! Removeable seats. Folding seats. 

Ease of entry and road view.

Cargo room and access. Ride and mileage. Interior look especially the dash and door trim.

Rear parking assist, beeps and lights up depending on howlose you are too something. Standard DVD player. I thought this was wasteful at first but it keeps the kids quiet for the entire ride, well worth the cost. Remote Start, can heat or cool van before you enter it. Very nice!

I like the power doors, the OnStar. and of course the DVD player!



Space, entertainment system equipment (DVD, wireless headphones, remote control for the entertainment system, even you can connect a videogame or the ipod video to use it with the dvd screen!), full performance.

Better quality seats in this one which feel nicer than the leather ones in the last one. Dvd in the middle in control by the rider in the middle seat. We also like the range of the head lamps on this model, better than the last 2 minivans.

Reasonable cost, ride, warranty, and appearance. Informs when oil changes required and fuel remaining.

3.9 liter engine in base model.

Very safe by the van telling you the messages that are needed prior to driving, or while driving.

