It's pretty.

No-key locking and engine start. Sound system. Memory seat, climate control, etc., for two drivers. V6 performance and economy.

Engine and transmission

The Northstar V8, the styling, the limited amount of chrome on the Raven Black car, the interior, the magnetic ride control, iPOD connects, gas mileage, 23 highway and 19 city. The car is solid. It drives like a dream. Features like remote start and auto dim headlights are nice, but not necessary

Engine and transmission.

Navigation system, XM radio, Bluetooth 

The remote start, the handling and the 5.1 Bose stereo

Remote start, keyless ignition, White Diamond paint- worth the extra grand, XM radio, the personizable features, the gorgeous front end

Technology, remote start and driver recognition

Remote start, driver recognition

The combined comfort and handling are great. For comfort and convenience, the remote start and programmable individual settings are impressive.

The outside look. The front is super cool and the interior is very nice. The all wheel drive is great in snow. For a V6 it can move,

The interior is absolutely beautiful - ride and handling are outstanding. In my view, this is as good as it gets! 

1. Handles like a sports car with luxury feel! Quite and smooth 2. Quick for a V6 (my old STS is a V8, and the 6 feels as powerful) 3. Ventilated seats 4. Regular gas 5. Keyless start 6. Comfortable seats 7. Very sporty look 8. Heated steering wheel 

Air conditioned seats

The ride comfort, power, OnStar, satellite radio and beautiful interior. I love everything about this car.

We love the easy computer touchscreen for the radio and navigation. The keyless entry is super. Its handling and power are shocking for a six cylinder coming from GM/Cadillac.

I enjoy the comfort of the heated adjustable seats. I can set my seat to my specs. The stereo is awesome. The Bose speakers are, too. There are too many luxurious features to mention in this space.

My favorite thing about this car would have to be the smooth ride with the sporty handling. The navigation systemis good, yet complicated. I like the dual exhaust, remote Start, and air/heated seats. Keyless start is very cool. I shopped for a entire year before I made my choice on the STS. 

The Bose 14 speaker audio, Northstar V8, Headlamps, A/C, clean looking guages are so, and beautiful leather and wood trim.

Keyless start, video "dvd" player display console, with xm radio. Excellent power and braking. Honestly much better than our last mercedes. I won't even comment on the BMW 7 series debacle we endured, electronic nightmare. Cadillac is incredible after horrendous BMW. 87 octane is a plus

The navigation system and self adjusting shocks.

