Sirrus radio it came with

At 42, ooo miles. Muffler internal baffles rotted out from cat conv. All the way to tail pipe. Rotted out internally? owned caqre less than 18 months.. 42,000, axle leak, front lower control arm, and tie rod ends.. Tie rod ends not covered? 

Love the way it handles.

I love everything about it. I've managed to the MPG up to 30 when on long trips.

None.

nice design looks good

everything

NONE

Exterior styling. I love the grille, round headlights and the clam-shell hood. Adaptable cargo area with all the fold down seats is great along with the heavy duty removable cargo floor. Plenty of room for passengers. Drives well.

The music, Ipod connection, subwoofer, and Sirius comes with it. Comfortable seats. Gas mileage.

Jeep front with SUV looks. Safety features (brakes, TC, stability control). Comfort of seats, smooth tranny and ride. Overall look and great Metallic clear coat. Get the Drivers Convenience Group & Yes, premium seats.

Transmission. Interior. Fun to drive.

My favorite feature on my Jeep Compass is the exterior of the Jeep. I fell in love with the beauty of it. Also, it is very good on gas.

Front seats are really comfy.

Sirius radio, sun roof, adjustable driver seat, radio controls on steering wheel.

Cell phone holder is a nice feature, also the drivers convenience group is a must... having a built in compass, temperature, tire pressure monitor, etc, on the dash.

Color, body style (I'm a chick), burrito proof seats (got Yes fabric option), gas mileage.

Autostick.

I love the grill; the classic Jeep! Other than that I'm going to have to name the gas mileage and the ever-so-smooth CVT transmission as mentioned above.

GAS MILEAGE! A big change from the gas guzzler I used to have.

I enjoy the fact that you can make the drivers seat anyway you need it to go, pump it up so you can see better or for a taller person you can take it back down.

Color and love it when I get out car alive.

The amount of space you have in it for a smaller vehicle.

Extended visors. Cargo area deck NOT carpeted. Movable console with cellphone holder. Lots of drink holders, 'map' pockets in all doors. Shift knob with Jeep insignia is cool. Control panel with odometer/outdoor temperature and dual trip odometers.

4WD feature, comfort is great, easy site and access to controls. great handling on gravel roads.



what features

The over all look is sharp and it is comfortable to drive. You can tell other manufacturers tried to copy the Compass body style in 2008 and 2009.

The heated seats, boston speaker upgrade (the flip down speakers in liftgate...that I've used 1 time), and the exterior look. It is a sharp looking vehicle.



4x4 when we need it. Lots of storage. Great handling and dependability. Safety features

I have nothing at all that is good to say about this car.

The color hides the dirt well.

radio controlled from steering column, heated seats, roof racks, and the 6 disk in dash cd player 

Gas mileage, CVT transmission, lack of problems with vehicle, interior space, driving height, turning radius, comfortable seats, 110 volt outlet

satellite radio, bluetooth, 6 cd chngr, leather interior, steering wheel controls, moonroof, tailgate speaker, Tire rims and size etc.....

handling.

Reliability, really lives up to the Jeep name. And of course the TRUE 4x4.

The MP3 direct hook-up, and the sound system. 

Does what I need from long highway trips, churning through mud, brush and harsh terrain on the ranch, and cleaned up to take my beloved wife to the nicest place for a date. All the while, sipping gas and no repairs. Check out the price for base model.

mileage,room, easy driving, looks and nice comments.

Body style, interior space, stereo system (optional)

The CVT is great once you get used to it, the electromagnetic 4x4 works great for onroad driving. Gas mileage is good. Easy to clean interior huge plus. Appearance, performance, AWD + 4x4, strong 172 hp motor, huge interior room, has all the features available that someone would want are all pluses

Leather seats. Just the right size for a Grammy. Music system is wonderful! Comfortable. Attractive. 

The interior console and dashboard are fantastic. There are so many little cubbies and holders for things, I never have to dig for my phone or a pen when I'm running through the bank drive through. 

Seat warmers, fold down rear speakers for tailgating, satellite radio, leather seats. 5 spd. shifts nicely, and it gets decent mileage. 



Gas mileage!!! Heated leather seats, radio controls on steering wheel, Sirius, tinted windows, sunroof, and much more!

I do like the IPod direct connect to the radio. For being a 4cycle it does have some pretty good up and go.

It's super comfortable inside, very user friendly, and not too mention...the exterior looks HOT! (I got the chrome wheels and gas cap, on black). I haven't used the 4 wheel drive yet, but plan to soon on a trip to Big Bear. The upgraded Boston sound system is awesome.



Storage compartments, driver position, comfortable seats, dash layout, very competent 4x4 system.

The style and the ride. The back seats are made for adults. Sirius is also nice.

Ride is excellent, seats very comfortable, CVT trans works well.

Drives like a car and not a sluggish SUV. I have the 5 speed stick, did not drive the automatic. Great storage in the back and in the cabin. Just looks nice! Very comfortable and fun to drive it.

Gas mileage and handling. Leather heated seats. About everything. Sat. radio sounds great. Several people have asked if they can look in, one even asked to trade for her new SUV

The stereo and Sirius radio are great. Heated leather seats are great. 18 in wheels look excellent. Easy reclining and folding rear seats. Firm, sporty ride. Handles very well for a small SUV.

The style, the fuel economy, and the interior is very comfortable

Comfortable seats, Sirius radio, good engine power, safety features, 4x4, and power accessories, and color and looks.

Wonderfully stable steering, excellent braking, great suspension. Very good sound system (with satellite radio and 6-disc CD). Very comfy seating (leather). Haven't used the ESC yet, but glad it's there. Very well-built. Rear compartment very well thought out and organized.

The interior design is sleek and classy. There is so much leg room in the back seat I was amazed. Also, the wipe down cargo area is perfect for a wet dog that you don't want stinking up the upholstery!

Style, gas mileage 

Size of Compass, back seat has adjustable back, drivers seat can be mover up higher, full sized spare tire, predicttable driving, smooth ride, options that are available, easy to service, max. use of space inside, 110 volt outlet for electronic gear. sattlite radio, tire pressure warning system.

Smooth and comfortable ride, great gas mileage

bluetooth, satalite radio, auto stick, 4wd. low center of gravity makes it fun to drive. takes corners better than my 2000 Honda CRV. great looks

Love the audio controls on the steering wheel, my sun roof, the look of the vehicle and the ease of mobility.

The shift paddle came very handy on small hills driving.

Aux jack for iPod, heated seats, sunroof, tinted glass (great for kids in the backseat), price, storage space, quiet ride. Too many to list...love this car.

The design is great. Awesome leg room for me to drive, seat is great, arm rest mobile is great, nooks all over, neat lamp in back.

The exterior is beautiful. I also love the usage of the interior space, the tough cargo room, satalite radio, and the placement of the gearshift.

Its ability to get the job done, whether on or off road. It is a workhorse that looks good and travels very well. It's an inexpensive vehicle, reliable, family oriented and American made. 

The Driver Convenience package is a must, it adds so much (compass,tire pressure monitoring, outside temp), also loving the sunroof, the height adjustable drivers seat, the deep tinted glass, the price, and most of all, the gas mileage (averaging about 27mpg- better than my old Civic!)

172hp impresses people who just see a small SUV. Great little 4-banger.

Aux jack for my iPod, heated seats, one-touch sunroof, rear seat room for my two boys (ages 9 & 6). Two-tone interior. Safety. 

We love the stick shift that can make the car an automatic or maunal.

The Mopar Navigation is great, and the CVT transmission in conjunction with its ability to shift like a manual, makes the most of this peppy 4cyl engine. Yes, I said peppy! The CVT simply leads some to believe otherwise. The stadium seating is also very nice.

Looks, ride, comfort.

The paint color, the height, everything

Highway driving is a pleasure (not at all what you would expect from a 4 cylinder), tach reads 2100 at 75 mph and had room to keep going. Ride was even very smooth and comfortable at 75mph as well. 

I like all the features of the Compass. 

Host of features and options available at minimal cost. Advanced 4WD and state-of-the-art safety and handling features usually found on much more expensive vehicles. 

Looks, gas mileage, comfort, and performance.

I bought it with all the bells and whistles, and I'm amazed with all the new tech features!

The ride.

AWD/4X4/, smooth CVT take-offs, AC power outlet for charging cell and computer, speed active door locks, too many to list.

Position of gear shift, even though an automatic.

9 speaker sat radio rocks. Heated seats. trip computer with tire gage, MPG avg., outside temp. Autostick -- lets you downshift 5 gears (without a clutch.) I like the tight cornering too. The lower profile makes for better handling, and the 18" tires are great for bumpy roads (and good looks). 

Body style, formed hood over round headlights, sloping rear window, sharply slanted windshield. Folding seats are great. Cargo area is superb for my needs. Handling is great. Turning radius is small. Large radio controls. Door lock remote in key. Cargo floor. Multiple folding seats.

The entire truck is my favorite.

Easy handling in tight spots. Sirius radio. Ground clearance --not too high or too low. Great braking system: Electronic Stability Program and Traction Control.

Love the CVT! Interior is simple and neat, exterior is unique, love the little details, like the gear shifter, the flashlight in back, the vinyl floor, all of the comfort and style of Toyota, but I still get to stay loyal to my Jeep brand with this one! Great buy!

Comfort, sound system (I have the Boston Acoustics upgrade). Economy. Road handling.

Sunroof, pull-down tailgating speakers, reclining back seats, audio controls on the steering wheel, Boston Acoustics subwoofer, and the great signature Jeep grill.

Fuel economy.

I like the design because I think the Jeep Compass doesn't resemble a box. The CVT is great. I like the easy moving into 4WD. I like the anti-lock brakes. I am happy with a modern Jeep family vehicle that has 4WD. It will take time for previous Jeep owner to get used to the modern design of the Compass.

Leather seats, stereo, and handling on the open road, and in the curves in the mountains.

Standard side curtain air bags, traction control, and ESP (stability control). Lock in 4WD. Manual shift. Leather heated seats. 18" wheels provide ample clearance. American made and a Jeep!

The CVT transmission, I just think it is so cool, no gears and constant power - love the feature. The Boston speaker upgrade is really nice, and the computer with gas mileage, miles till empty, and tire pressure is a cool thing to have, but it is a little awkward to use. P.S. the rear seats recline!

The YES captain chairs upgrade is well worth it. Adequate leg room for even the tallest of passengers. Confidence while driving when you know you have almost every auto safety feature available to you, standard. Gas mileage!

Two-tone leather interior and the optional 9 speaker sound system. 

Style, 9 speaker Boston Acoustics sound system, handling, comfort, gas mileage, sun roof.

The extra pep when passing, the bigger (standard) rims (make the car look better). The iPod hookup.

Paint finish, Light Khaki Metallic Clear Coat is a great finish. Ride comfort, Drivers Convenience Group (it does have a compass). Look of the Jeep front end and SUV style. Plenty of room inside and like the dash and console. Driver seat adjustment. Overall package is great for the money.

Exterior styling!

