The sound system which you can control whether it is front, back or driver. 

Looks, performance, safety, the A6 is near perfection in size, comfort, quality, and attention to detail. The quattro AWD is terrific. The 19" alloy wheels are stunning and really give the A6 a wow factor. The same for the interior - it's form and function is impressive.

Engine/trans; Quattro; Nav; stability, handling, smoothness and quiet at all speeds; mileage and gas tank size; strong brakes with brake assist; comfort; reliability; interior and exterior styling - so - just about everything

Very sexy design, with the rear end challenging the beauty of Eve. Leg room at the back is expansive. The boot is ginormous. The seats are comfy and the MMI is very intuitive. The burble of the engine, and its roar when it opens up... MMM!

Attractive styling and general appearance, good handling, excellent gas mileage, engine power - excellent for a mid-size six, wood trim is beautifully made, MMI is easy to use in spite of what some say. 



Can shift into manual mode. Very responsive and good in snow. Stylish and the interior is attractive and very european.

Excellent driver ergonomics. Fine exterior styling. Solid feel. Huge trunk with fold-down rear seats. Power to spare.

Pickup, 6 speed, MMI, steering, seats, sound system, sunroof.

NAV, MMI, Bose audio, upgraded wheels, fuel economy, interior comfort & quietness, walnut accents, Bluetooth, exterior style, Quattro AWD, cabin air circulation, controls on steering wheel. Power rear sunshade.

Acceleration, audio system, handling, and AWD. Great on snow and in rain. 

Fit and finish, mileage, safe car feel.

Smooth 4.2, technology package, car is extremely user friendly.

Interior, phone handsfree, Quattro, seats.

S Line package, Bose sound system, 40 valve V8, cruisetronic, keyless go, navigation, quattro

The beautiful yellow wood interior and the console, sirius radio and the nav system.

Six speed tiptronic transmission can be used in "D" (fuel-efficient gradual acceleration), "S" (very fast acceleration), or shift-for-yourself modes. A bluetooth that mated with my phone in love-at-first-sight fashion. S-Line sport suspension matches handling of my BMW 3-series.

Believe it or not my favorite feature are the hooks in the trunk. The Nav is also a favorite if mine.

Fuel economy with great powerful performance. Grip in turns and high speed. Bluetooth cell phone. Fit and finish inside. Everything seems to be well thought through. Beautiful engineering is the word for this car. The engineers who designed this car, did so because of their love affair with it.

Looks, luxury, interior and exterior lighting, tech package, nice sunroof, great seats, large trunk space, review camera, the sound of the V8.

