Leather seats, legroom and backup camera

Back up camera; back up camera, backup camera. Thought it was a stupid feature at first, but it's one of those things you wonder what you ever did without. The keyless entry is nice too along with the surprising amount of room for hauling things when the back seats are folded. 

Comfort, space and aesthetics.

rear camera, strong body style, rides well, good gas mileage, good sound system

Exterior design, CVT

Backup camera

HID, backup camera, nav is awesome (Nissan finally got this right - the 05 nav was horrible!), keyless entry system.

comfortable seats, good stereo, acceleration, very roomy, good design, reliability, safety, the cvt is very nice.

The heated seats, quiet and smooth at highway speed, gas mileage not that bad for a SUV, massive cargo capacity, XM radio, quick and corners well. 

Very comfortable seats. Good gas mileage.

The AWD, handling, acceleration, styling.

Navigation. Camera. Leather. storage under rear mat. Touring suspension. Great looks and quality feel. Constantly get compliments on the car's style, beauty and build quality.

Easy to put seats down, camera when backing up, almost everything is great

Surgy performance, handling, AWD, vision and overall styling makes most crossovers kinda no pizazz, oh the turning circle is so much smaller than my wife's Lexus RX

Black interior, super comfy seats, back-up camera, 23 mpg with mixed driving, aluminum accents, beautiful grill.

Navigation, back-up camera, display.

Navigation is excellent, rear view camera, HID, intelligent key.

Comfortable leather seats, sporty steering wheel and classy instrumentation, nice sound system and long legs on the highway.

Backing camera, Bose stereo, design, and size.

Power, dual climate controls and roomy back seats.

Shifting. Audio controls. 18" wheels.

Heated seats, seat and mirror memory, stereo system, rear view camera, auto ligts

CVT is very nice. Good acceleration. Heated seats, memory seats, HID headlights, backup camera, etc.. Drives like a car. Nissan is giving these away b/c the body is changing next year. 

Interior and exterior design, navigation system. Memory of seats, mirrors, and pedals.

CVT, styling

Exterior style, trip computer

Looks, engine performance, gas mileage, fabic seats, dash appearance, wheels and tire size.

CVT, strong engine, quite engine, cargo space and lots of leg room up front.

The Murano is roomy inside and kind of cute. 

Fully adjustable seats, AWD, wide wheel base, "S" power to pass, fold down seats, moon roof.

Body styling, interior room, driving comfort, amazing visibility from every angle, safety features (front, rear, and side curtain airbags), heated seats, reclining rear seats, Bose stereo system, power sunroof, excellent handling.

CVT, auto-antiglare mirror, body style, roomy interior, good sound system, lots of cargo space.

Smooth driving, comfortable seats, lots of leg room.

This vehicle provides easy in and out access. (I am a youthful senior); great rear-view camera, dual ac controls. Quality build and assembly.

Tons of legroom, headroom, sleek body, back up camera.

Backup camera is great, puts you right on the mark. Gas mileage is 22.4 city. Not bad for the size. Sunroof with the controls for tilt/slide. Intelligent key - roomy interior - nice comfy seats even for my tall hubby. 

Exterior looks. Interior roominess and comfort. Excellent, supporting front seats. High riding position. Great handling. Reverse camera. Tape deck lets me rediscover forgotten classics. 

Handling and acceleration. Adjustable pedals. Dual climate control. Back up camera

Plenty of interior room. I'm not a small guy, and at 5'11, 230 lbs I have a lot of room. The back up camera is a must and works great! The fold down rear seats are easy to use and can be activated from the back of the cargo area. 

Back up camera, awd, comfort.

Backup camera, intelligent key and navigation system!

Handling, smooth transmission, leather seats, sunroof, large interior with compact exterior, sound system.

Style is great, seat comfort, ride, intelligent key, review camera, rear seats adjustable, front seats lots of adjustment including pedals. Automatically remembers your seat, mirror, pedal settings. High intensity lights and also I love the display that tells you everything including tire pressure.

Smooth CVT, great styling, a lot of horses, handles like a car, and an extremely smooth ride.

Hands down the backup camera and the Intelligent Key. I didn't think they were that big a deal until I tried them. They're both fantastic! 



The back up camera, also the easy exit seat, the style of the vehicle, the gas mileage for an SUV is great. I love the little compartments hidden in the trunk. The intelligent key, the great ride. The Nissan mats that come with the vehicle are the best ever, got to love it!

Outlay of the dash, AWD, CVT, interior design.

Good looks, smart key, rear camera, roominess, CVT, range of remote entry especially in comparison to my previous GMC car. Color combo - platinum ext, caffe leather int.

Intelligent key, HID headlights and the information center.

Power when accelerating from a stop! Smooth acceleration (CVT). Backup camera, keyless entry. Tight drive.

Intellikey is great (wish it had pushbutton start), good headlights with HID, quiet ride, smooth handling.

10 way power driver's seat, power pedals, steering wheel audio controls, lumbar support, CVT.

Driver's roomy quarters. Outstanding hill climbing at cruising speeds. The transmission automatically found the proper gear and there was no searching for a lower gear. It went up hills effortlessly.

Overall looks. Backup camera. Smooth ride, with lots of power when needed. Quality build. Easy to use display functions/features. Steering wheel.

Very comfortable heated leather seats, moveable front pedals, vents in backseat, overall design, power, CVT.

I like the 20 mpg in the city and the 26 mpg on the highway. Not too many vehicles get the kind of gas mileage the Murano does. Very roomy for a sedan with two child seats in the back. Also has plenty of storage space in the rear for those fun family trips!

Love the way it looks, the ride is pretty good, but again I am going to say love the way it looks, also pretty fun to drive.

The powerful 3.5 V-6, the CVT tranny, the very comfortable front seats, power sunroof, the large 18 inch tires on the SE sport wheels, the dual chrome tailpipes, the color of the glacier pearl paint, bi-xenon headlights. I could go on and on...

The ride, sound system and standard features.

Navigation system, CVT, chrome wheels, 5-star crash testing, intelligent key and sound system.

I love the display screen, especially the fuel economy to monitor your driving style. The backup camera is the best feature ever. The chome rims on the SE along with the chrome accents really set it apart from other Muranos on the road. The rubber cargo area protector is a surprising feature I love.

CVT BOSE, with MP3 capable 6 disc changer Memory seats Xenon headlights Compass Very fine interior (including leather upholstery) Very spacious Backing camera



There's nothing missing if you opt for the Touring Pkg. I paid a little under $32k, and it's got every feature that's on my wife's 07 RX350 except a power lift-gate. Love the CVT + Bose sound system + the no-key feature + the smooth as "butta" feel + the 20mpg

Heated leather seats,backup camera, safety features.

Bose stereo, display unit, dash coloring, and large back seats that fold down easy (and recline).

The CVT transmission after you get used to it...smooth The intelli-key feature Comfortable, quiet ride quality seems good, well built

The smooth transmission and cloud suspension make this automobile a pure winner!

The styling (inside & out), navigation system, sound system, and comfort! It handles great in snow and ice. Love the intelligent key, it's incredibly convenient! 

Rear camera, intelligent key, lots of drivers viewing area, smooth ride, comfort, great audio sound. 

intelligent keys,back cam, nav and sound system

My favorite features are the 3.5 V6...very smooth and definitly not lacking in the power department. Also, the back entry with the convenient handles for setting down the 60/40 back seats when loading up for the ski hills. The rear reclining seats are a nice touch too! 

Backup camera, intelligent key, autodimming rear view mirror

Over all look and handling. CVT transmission is very smooth. Seating is very comfortable and rear seating is even comfortable for adults. Some of my other favorite features are: back up camera, Intelligent Key, AWD, memory seating, adjustable pedals, auto Xenon headlights, safety features

Aside from a fashionable look ,i like the smooth sound of the engine and the CVT transmission.

Confort, style, reliability, stability on the road, safety.

Seat comfort, head and leg room, driving performance.

Rear View Camera,Key less entry,Nav system with split view, handling, comfort, turning radius , tinted glass , luxury look of exterior and interior colors, Power of V6(240 hp) , 20 mpg, bose cd/mp3, luv joystick style control for the information center dash board if you got used to it

Love the backup camera, sat radio and nav.

I love the what the dash is designed and the 18 wheels are great!! I have no worries about deep snow anymore!!

Navigation system (esp. the bird eye view), steering response, stability and comfort of drive, exterior and interior color and design, leather quality, seating comfort, intelligent key

The handling is quite impressive--a fun car to drive! CVT Transmission Performance Quality build 

Besides the CVT transmission I liked the tinted windows the best. No need for aftermarket window tinting.

It has to be the back up camera. You think you will never use it, but you will and often. Especially at night, with the back up lights on, it really makes the vehicle safe.

Safety features.

Nice stereo, power everything. InteliKey is a great concept. Never take the key out of your pocke / purse again. 

handling and styling

