Keyless start. Technologically updated. Good sound system. 45 mpg. Roomy interior.



Headroom, reliability, economy, power, versatility, tight turning, visibility, freeway ride.

Dashboard, Litres per 100 kls., seating comfort



MPG, bluetooth

My favorite feature is the Hybrid thing with its high mpg. Also like the smart key, blue tooth, and GPS.

Innovative computer monitoring system.

The energy monitor, along with the rest of the on board computer is a wonderful tool. I would suggest a more conventional approach to the climate control, the fan being difficult to adjust while driving.

GPS, Bluetooth phone & autodim mirrors.

Everything, Smart key, LCD screen, navigation, 6-CD changer, back up camera.

I-pod hook up.

The gas mileage!

Fuel savings, navigation, rear back up camera, keyless entry, Bluetooth, touch screen, doing something good for the environment.

LCD screen, bluetooth, gas mileage and ability to monitor your fuel usage. 

Mileage, trunk space.

Gas mileage, room, build quality.

Bluetooth phone integration, smart key, MFD, XM radio, 6 disc mp3 player. Everything is integrated into a "central command" area. The ride is pretty smooth and the car seems very solid.

MPG, power, ride, stereo. What I love most is that when the gas prices are going up I laugh (inside) at those who complain.

Quiet ride! The satisfaction of driving the most advanced technology while conserving gas!

Ride, comfort, room and of course the great gas mileage!!

Gas mileage, LCD screen, storage space, comfort.

Display screen that shows the actual mpg at any given moment. The back up camera for safety in backing up. The smart key is very convenient especially when your hand are full because you don't have to search for your keys to unlock the doors or put the key into the ignition.

Reading my mpg on the display. Smart key with a baby is great. Competing with my wife to get better mileage. Telling people, "no you don't plug it in." Our infant rear facing seat fits in the Prius better than my old Vibe, and has almost the same trunk space. It just plain looks cool in black.



Back-up camera, smart key, hybrid synergy drive, and the hatchback design.

There's so much to love but I think the back up camera is great, as is the display system. The whole car is well designed.

The fuel consumption screen, bluetooth phone, satelite radio, roomy interior.

Love the on screen features, the 6 disc cd player, the on wheel controls. The backup camera is great but it will take some getting used to. Love the hidden compartments.

Gas mileage. It is very comfortable for long drives, super quiet and very responsive. 

MPG, quiet, build quality, ride comfort, visibility.

The quietness of the motor, the ease of the operating system and all of the bells and whistles you would expect to get in a more expensive car.

The 60+ MPG, Bluetooth, keyless entry, electronics package!

Smart key, room, quietness, fuel economy.

Love the mileage and the iPod connection!

45 miles per gallon (really!) MPG readout, backup camera, smooth quiet ride, digital dashboard, XM radio.

With so many options on this car, it's hard to find just one favorite feature. I'm sure with the high cost of gas this summer, I'll be even more in love with the MPG!

Excellent gas mileage (46.2 avg off the showroom floor on day 1); very cool electronic features like the energy meter, and the voice recognition commands that operate more than the navigation. The backup camera on the 2007 model also is a great feature.

Power up windows, steering wheel accessories controls, console, dbl glove box, rear seat hide away, keys, etc.

The display... it's cool. Watching the instantaneous mpg helps me learn how to improve fuel economy.

Especially enjoy the ease of touch screen technology and being able to monitor my fuel consumption.

Gas mileage. Interior styling. Lots of storage places. The technology is just amazing.

The new red color! It's such a nice color. Backup camera (don't care for the beeping though), smart key entry, controls on the steering wheel, the AUX input hidden in the arm rest, and of course, the gas mileage.

Very responsive. No problem with pick up. Lots of interior room.

Smart key, backup camera, looks, gas mileage, on screen display, dependability, resale value, steering wheel controls, plus traction control, stability control. Air bags for safety - front and side curtain standard.

Get the Navigation with Bluetooth and everything will be controlled through the touch screen. Where you're going to, what you're listening to, who you're talking to, what temperature you're sitting in will all be controlled by the cenral touchscreen computer. Very cool and efficient.

Comfortable seating, quietness, and a sensational audio system help make the Prius exceptional.

Gas mileage of course!

Moderate comfort, decent mileage in town.

Fold-down seats, plenty of cargo room, great interior, MP3 player hookup.

I love the experience of driving a hybrid. It is very relaxing. My year-old grandson seems to understand this type of car is the future - he loves riding in it! I like having the back-up camera - wouldn't buy a car without one now. Gas mileage and envious looks of others at the gas station. 

SmartKey system, rear camera when in reverse, the info display, and of course the better gas mileage. Lots of storage areas/compartments.

The entire vehicle is designed as a whole and not as some afterthought to get the fleet mileage up. To isolate the one favorite thing? The electronics. I'm a geek. There I said it. There is a lot of electrical wizardry going on and I am almost distracted by it. 

The digital monitor is great and if you pay attention to it, it forces you to drive better if you want the better mileage. The on-screen MPG is 98% accurate at worst. A lot of people talk about 30 mpg levels, I can't imagine how they are accomplishing that unless they drive totally insanely.

Interior design is very comfortable.

I love the push button start, nav system (big improvement over my Garmin Street Pilot), bluetooth set up and the high mpg!

I enjoy all the gadgets on the car and it's kind of like game trying to get the best gas mileage.

On dry roads the car does handle nice with good pickup.

Tons of storage. Huge hatchback with tonneau cover. Comfortable seating in a roomy cabin. Cute features like a compartment by the rear view mirror to store glasses. The mileage is unbelievable.

Navigation, bluetooth, sound system, backup camera.

Hybrid engine, mileage, steering wheel controls, Bluetooth cell phone.

GPS, Navigation system, Bluetooth, gas mileage, what more can I say..

1. The fuel economy 2. The spacious and comfortable interior. 3. The JBL surround sound system w/AM-FM & 6 CD changer with Bluetooth technology and satellite capability to answer my phone with a touch of a button on my steering wheel as well as control the stereo. 4. Self-dimming rear-view mirror. 

Gas economy and less pollution. Very kool to be on full battery when moving around parking lot - feels like a golf cart. Cellphone on-screen display. Excellent. Roomy. Feels well built. Ergonomics are right - everything in easy reach. Keeping key in pocket and starting with push of a button is slick.

Sitting in traffic or driving around a parking lot with the engine off. Other cars are completely foreign now. I see a car parked and running and I think wow, how strange. The cargo room is fantastic. When the seats are folded down you can fit an amazing amount of cargo in there. 

Fuel economy, low emissions, 45-50+ mpg real-world (once you learn how to drive it), spacious cabin, interactive display, lots of standard safety features - ABS, traction control, front and side curtain airbags, etc., versatile hatchback and fold-down back seats, plentiful storage compartments.

The display is outstanding and makes the car fun to drive for its type of vehicle. 

GPS, back up camera, great mileage.

Backup camera, electronic stability control, air bags all around and handling are all big pluses. The Toyota keyless system is great. The instrumentation (dash) takes getting used to before you love it. Hinged outside rear view mirrors are appreciated. The hatchback design is great.

Consumption graph, digital displays, fuel economy, multitude of storage compartments, 2 power outlets (cigarette lighter outlets), iPod connection, great visibility, open airy feeling inside.

Keyless start and 500 miles/ 9 gal of regular between fill-ups.

Keyless entry and pushbutton starting is a real advantage together with steering wheel-mounted controls. Using the Bluetooth feature adds to the overall safety of this vehicle. Also find it quite spacious both for legroom and cargo.

CVT transmission, keyless entry, hatch, fuel monitor

The steering wheel controls, the bluetooth phone, the navigation directions, the way it shows you how to plan your driving is amazing. The noise (or lack there of), the MPG, talking to the car, keyless system. It's so freeing.

Great gas mileage. Backup camera. Push a button to drive. Sound quality.

Backup camera, bluetooth, navigation system, mp3 jack, extra storage below the floor in the back.

Perfectly flat back shelf with back seats down.

Satellite radio, back-up camera, car overall design, and back tail lights.

Bluetooth phone, navigation system and I cannot figure out how they put in so much rear seat leg room (I'm not kidding). Also the smart key means I never have to take it out of my pocket. Truly a technological marvel. Provides a unique sort of driving satisfaction.

Mileage is great. It rides better than the 2005 I had. 

High tech features such as smart key, power button start, parking, etc. plus the mpg.

Navigation system is great. I use it for seeing my clients and it takes me right to their house. Bluetooth for taking cell phone calls without having to use a head set. Back up camera is great too and gives you a little more safety. Very high tech car. Great conversation starter. Onscreen calender.

Keyless entry, mileage computer, quietness, low emissions, body style, ease of entry, comfort, big windows and windshield. Like the dual glove boxes, rear cup holders, fold down seats, computer for mileage and energy source. Just a fun car to own and drive.

The ergonomics are great. Interior room outstanding for the size of the car.

51.5 mpg so far. It's unique, comfortable and feels like a bigger car. A @3500,00 tax rebate, making it very affordable

Touch screen, Bluetooth, Smart Key

I completely enjoy every part of my car, from the rear back-up camera to my vehicle monitering system! The latest in navigation technology, and my large dual glass panaroma moon- roof. I totally have to say, everything from size, to comfort, to style, the Toyota Prius is the only, bes

Seemless drive system is amazing. Ride is very comfortable and quiet. Sound system is fantastic. Navagation system wasn't a requirement for me, but I must admit it's a kick in the pants to ask the computer where restaurants, etc. are and it shows you right there on the map. Wow! And its easy to use.



Everything especially the 50 MPG in warm weather use & of course the Toyota quality & outstanding long term warranty on the Hybrid system

Keyless entry fob, touch screen, steering wheel controls, and all of the cubby and storage areas.

Space age exterior design with great gas mileage.

I like that it has good gas mileage, but the money you save will come in handy after you have to pay for expensive parts and labor.



Bluetooth, quiet engine, fold down flat rear seats, MP3 jack

The unique from the ground up technology.

Keyless entry and ignition. Fold flat seats.

Integrated phone and navigation systems are very helpful while the climate control and sound systems (in dash 6 CD changer) makes driving a pleasure. The back up camera is VERY helpful in close quarters.

Outside temperature gauge, cargo space, controls on steering wheel

I like the homelink, the bluetooth, the HID lights, the dimming rear view mirror, the traction control, which is really handy in Minnesota in winter, the keyless entry, starting, and locking, the more than adequate power, and the quiet operation. We scare pedestrians when they don't hear approach.

Steering wheel controls, auto AC, outside temperature, fold flat rear seat.

The mpg, reduced emissions, driving in "stealth" mode, and the techy-ness of it.

Transmission is excellent and if you use appropriate hybrid techniques (accelerate briskly to your cruise speed then use very light pressure on the gas to maintain speed) you'll usually see 100 mpg on the gauge for long periods. Not too bad for a 5- eater auto with air and other goodies.

Info screen. Steering controls. Fold flat rear seats

Gas mileage, navigation.

Great fuel economy, fun to drive, especially past gas stations, lots of luxury, good quality. Looks good and it feels good to be doing something that makes the US less dependent on oil!

Gas mileage, interior room, intelligent interior design. Very good handling. Hatchback has room for large objects and cases. 

Economy with nimble power that will surprise you.

Excellent sound with the upgraded JBL system. Love the Homelink and dimming mirror as well as the HID headlights on this version.

50 mpg ... period.

The extremely tight turning radius.

Back up camera, dash, push button start and no button to push to unlock

Mileage, good riding midsize car, The car overall is a great car, I would recommend it to others! Plenty of storage and trunk space. Dashboard is able to be seen from even the back seat clearly. 

Fun to drive. Can maneuver anywhere easier than a silly sport utility. Great stereo system. Bluetooth featured. Good backup camera views. Mileage. 

Gas mileage and space it has inside. I would recommend it to others looking for a small-midsize car. You wont regret it when it comes to the mileage. I am averaging 48-51 miles per gallon right now. 

Keyless push-button start; energy efficiency screen that innocently instructs the driver to optimize driving habits; a great sound system; quiet operation; safety features (I hope never to test); simple but flawless performance.



Overall design, plenty of storage space (including plenty of hidden space in the back to store valuables like laptops), futuristic dashboard and the best fuel economy. I got leather installed(which is not standard) and windows tinted for $1500 extra.

Quietness, gas mileage, sound system, and interior room.

MPG, stablization feature, interior room, touchscreen audio/temp/settings, backup camera

Gas mileage (average 51.5), handling, bluetooth (great hands free tool), ease of self service oil & filter changes. GPS system (ask dealer for updates). Steering wheel bluetooth, CD player/stereo feature. Handling.

Fuel consumption and emissions; quiet interior; handling and turning radius; bluetooth.

It's steering is so quick & precise. Braking is also very responsive. The gas mileage is great ~43 winter & 50 summer all around hwy/city driving. Like the glove boxes and storage areas in the driving section. My favorite is not needing the key to open and start the car. It is a fun car to drive.

Great screen displays, immediate driving feedback by using the fuel computers to maximize your fuel economy. Rear view camera and FAST heat are bonuses.

Smart Key- never need to take the key out of your pocket.

Backup camera, stereo, nice looking exterior, plenty of storage spots, I can haul a lot, gas mileage is great as long as the temps are above 30 degrees or more

The MPG/energy reserve/generated displays. The simplified button (no key ignition). The backup camera. The quiet motor. Extremely roomy interior while having a small/compact body size. The touch screen for most of the controls. 

Quiet, gas mileage, navigation system, and mileage calculator.

Everything seems to be well thought of.

The back-up camera is handy and the fold down seats make it into a mini- station wagon.

Form, fit and function really excellent Very comfortable on long trips. Quiet in interior. Handles very well. Gas mileage is around 44mpg according to the trip computer. Get about 450 miles between fill ups city or highway regardless.

Gas mileage!

Its great gas mileage. I love its quick response when accelerating and its easy to read gauges. I recommend this car because of it fuel mileage usually 53 to 57 mpg.



Good gas mileage, about 45-50 mpg. Peppier pickup than my SUV. Smooth and quiet ride. So quiet, I had an offer for a jump when the engine was running on battery power - the guy thought I stalled out.

Incredible gas mileage. Ride comfort. Quietness. Interior space. Exterior styling. Smart key system. Bluetooth phone connectivity. Backup camera.

Gas mileage of course, bluetooth, nav, smart key, steering wheel controls, touch screen. And it's nice looking too!

The hatchback, all rear seats fold down to make a bed, the back-up camera, smart key feature, MP3 jack, and the comfort of the seats.

MPG - 51 on mostly very hilly highway, SmartKey (I don't touch my keys...ever!), Bluetooth, Back up camera, computer display and touchscreen.

Gas mileage, interior room and exterior styling, back up camera, quietness.

Access to common features via monitor.

Gas mileage, backup camera, cargo space, hybrid technology, improved braking system.

Mileage, bluetooth, 6 CD MP3 changer, auxiliary MP3 input, big LCD screen, smart key is great, backup camera, very quiet and comfortable. I am 6'3 and have plenty of headroom. The rear leg room is plentiful for a car this size. Solid build quality (listen to the doors shut). 

Gas mileage, hatchback design, smartkey. Most controls are intuitive and easy to use. HIDs are great. I actually like the funky mph screen now that I am getting used to it. Plenty of option packages so it can be priced out to fit into almost any budget.

In order for me: The Bluetooth, LCD display (which is not distracting), fingertip controls on the steering wheel, backup camera, roominess to drive, smooth ride. For a neigborhood dog: The backup camera saved his life the other day when he ran behind and stood behind my car as I was backing up.

MPG average 45.

Quiet interior traveling at highway speed and on average road surface, keyless entry, stereo system, iPod connection, storage spaces, and responsive suspension and steering.

Nav, bluetooth, fold down rear seats, underfloor rear storage.

MPG is the best, overall quietness, good handling, lots of back seat leg room, ease of reading dashboard displays, a precise navigation system, and an information display that would make any technogeek giddy.



Navigation system and voice controls.

I find that I use the option for music a lot. I like to change from classic to western to jazz continually. This panel lets me do it so easily. Also the speakers are great. I get wonderful sound. I will be using the cruise control more when I travel. I am so glad to have it as my last car did 

Duh! Fuel economy is #1. The nav #2. The Bluetooth #3. I think the fact that it is "different" than other cars would be #4. 

Mileage, Bluetooth, navigation, audio with iPod adapter, leather interior, and back-up camera.

FUEL MILEAGE and overall performance.

Bluetooth and nav! Gas mileage of course. Touchscreen once you get the hang of using it for everything.

Bluetooth, sat-nav, fuel consumption, quiet engine, legroom, LCD display.

Drive from DC to NYC and back without stopping. More geek-o-rific toys than a Star Trek convention.

Very easy to drive with lots of interior room. 

Smart Key. Bluetooth. Backup camera (so handy for parallel parking). MP3 player compatible .Hatchback is roomy. Storage space in the car. 

The MPG, comfort, handling.

I'm getting an average of over 52 MPG. That's definitely my favorite feature, but I also feel good about not contributing as much gas emissions by driving a hybrid. 

Economical to operate/good MPG, lots of cool technology, Toyota reliability, good power for small car, fun handling. Backup camera is cool, but could do without. High-end stereo does not sound worth the cost, but anxious to try out bluetooth cell phone. Amazing amt of interior room for size.

Energy consumption screen, well basically the whole enchilada.

Bluetooth phone system, GPS is great.

Smart key system and the ability to control air conditioning and audio from the steering wheel.

Awesome gas mileage, good acceleration, body style, color, comfort, reliability, sound system, high tech features like touch screen monitor, back up camera and Bluetooth. And did I mention the gas mileage?

Fuel Economy, cargo space

Real-time feedback on gas mileage.

