It is roomy with my 2 small kids

The body style is wonderful.

The all wheel drive is the only thing i like. Gets around great in the snow and ice.

Quiet cabin, Trip computer./Driver Information Center, AWD, Feels safe and interior is roomy & comfortable. Exterior/Interior is very appealing.

Moon roof. Interior space

On-star, heated seats and remote starter

XM radio. Compass. Outside temp. Great design.

body type. layout of dash. cupholder placement with open area under console.

Heated seats, On Star

Size and comfort

Roomy confortable ride. The console for all controls is in a perfect level for me. 

Rear leg room and movable rear seat, seating capacity, automatic starting engine, automatic locks when shifting to drive

Definitely the heated seats! Also the sunroof, and the GPS is very user friendly.

Remote starter and stereo are nice. Gas mileage is good for an SUV.

Automatic door locks when put in drive, good gas mileage, automatic head lights, roomy front and back seat

Nothing really exceptional about this vehicle.

Love the nav system and the XM radio. Comfortable to ride in. Lots of head room and rear seat space. Handles well in the rain.

I like how you can roll your windows down in the middle of the truck where your gears are at. The space the truck has

The room in the car, miles to empty, tire pressure gauge, oil monitoring system. and the price are a few of mine. He says the maneuverability, the get up and go, and many more

Gas mileage. Up to 29.4 on highways at +70 mph. Gas mileage while towing: between 15.8 to 23.7 depending on many variables. It's a comfortable ride with predictable handling. I love the stereo too.

Sporty look, comfort, overall value, radio with multiband memory presets. Very roomy back seat

It has a how many miles to empty feature on it. Love that also love the tire pressure monitoring system. Radio controls on steering wheel means never having to take your hands of the wheel when you drive. Love it.

I really like the look of the exterior. It still has a sporty look to it. I really like how it will tell you your tire pressure and when you need an oil change. The leg room in the back is very good. But my favorite thing is how it tells you how many miles to empty!

MPG is fantastic. 23-24 around, with 26 attainable on long highway trips, including 3 adults and a dog on a holiday trip to Las Vegas. Absolute comfortable seating and easy to use controls. The OnStar, a feature not available on any competition is worth every penny. Pioneer sound system is great!

5 speed automatic, ride, mileage, interior, general quality feel, fit and finish, radio/navigation, heated seats, sun roof, roominess, handling, brakes, and competence the car gives the driver, back seat leg room, integrated roof rack, with the exception of the front, the profile and rear styling.

AWD is great, handles great, quiet and pretty decent power. I do my own oil changes and this car is very easy work on. 

Leather, sunroof and the heated seats. The Pioneer sound system.

XM radio. Remote start. Heated seats. Cargo space. Sliding rear seats. Big, shiny chrome wheels! The list could go on.

Looks nice and handles nice for an SUV

Exterior style, comfortable seats, and seat versatility. Fold down and bench seat sliding.

Pioneer sound system is great. Love the sunroof. Ample power, gets up to speed better than numbers would suggest. Back seats fold flat with ease. Interior in general is very versatile, making overall comfort well above average. Sound system controls on steering wheel is awesome.



Seats are more comfortable than they look. 4 hour ride no hip problems, Tinted windows, sunroof

Front passenger seat folds flat, reasonable turning circle

The remote start (which I didn't care about), has been great on these 90+ degree days! The driver info center is great, and so is the sunroof.

Audio system

Drivers info center - couldn't believe all the features on an inexpensive vehicle. Styling -- step into the seat and the roominess. Back seat and leg room. More that the Buick Enclave. Price

The look and comfort of the car. Nice legroom in the back.

Power. Gas mileage. Space. Ride

Gas mileage, comfortable, smooth! Ideal for long trips

My sunroof

We like the style, ease of getting in and out (both front and back seats), build quality, fuel economy (25.6 mpg highway and only 2,000 miles on the car), and safety features (ordered with side curtain airbags).

Roominess, ride, comfort

Mp3/CD player, reading lamps, cargo shelf, great leg room. Location of the antenna and location of the gear shift. 

OnStar and remote start. Lots of cargo room. Quiet ride.

There is no pleasure to drive a car in this condition

Gas mileage is great for mid-size SUV which can also tow 3500 pounds. Other SUVs, that get similiar gas mileage, could only tow 1000-2000 pounds. Exterior looks great. Ride is very comfortable.

Favorite features are the information center, the stereo looks great, and the room still blows my mind. The ride is smooth, quiet, and powerful.

Suggested Improvements

Lots of room leg room in back seat. Comfortable and fun to drive. Lots of room behind rear seat for luggage. Full size spare tire.

Fun to drive. Lots of space. Great family vehicle. DIC is handy, So far fair gas mileage 19.3mpg in city and 26mpg highway. Stock sound system is excellent. Great Rrde. Good looking SUV.

The 3.4 liter 6 cylinder engine, the rims, the rear tail lights, and the height of the vehicle. Pulled up to a Jeep Cherokee on the highway and looked down on it. 

Favorite feature is the large cargo area in the back. You can fit a lot of groceries and packages. The back seat floor area is flat allowing for more storage.

Suggested Improvements



Drive information center, sunroof, premium sound, sliding rear seat, OnStar with hands-free calling

Lots of space, plenty of leg room in the rear. Great family vehicle. Also, the info system is great, gives tire pressures, avg mileage per tank, air temp, miles left on current tank and more. Gets surprisingly good gas mileage if driven normally. 

The navigation system, indash 6cd changer with the front heated seats 

Electronic power steering! The driver's seating is comfortable and roomy. The engine is a good size for the size of the vehicle.

Smooth, quiet ride. 6 cyclinder performance (vs crv 4c), so it can jump when you need it to. Good gas mileage (24.5mpg). The sound system rocks(upgraded 7 speaker). Sliding rear seat. Ipod input. 

Exterior appearance. Good choice of SUV for some who are shorter but still like to sit higher up. Great Pioneer sound system. Easy to drive!

Good acceleration. Smooth ride, good performance overall

The storage and remote start for the winter

Since my wife is 5',she is fond of height adjusting drivers seat. I like the ease to drive it delivers. Driver comfort and room is also a big factor for me. Appearance "Good Looking" exterior and optional chrome wheels add a lot of appeal.

Head turning style. Instrumentation. Great satellite radio sound system. Remote start, heated leather seats. And my wife loves it (best feature yet)

AWD is really nice to have since you can pull out quickly under just about any conditions without worrying about flipping switches. Build quality is excellent, especially at this price point! Different builds let you price this reasonably (like we did) or "pimp it out". Handles like a sedan!

Quiet running. Steering, handling, and acceleration are good. Cargo space versatile and holds more than larger SUV's. Finishing is nice, auto steer and response good, Look, driveability, auto key entry, fold down seats, auto lights off, auto lights off after fifteen minutes. Seats firm, nice drive, versatile.

None really, I like the whole thing. My wife loves it and that's good enough for me

This interior is highly comfortable and rich looking. We have the LT2 and absolutely love it.

Leg room, head room. Body style.

Love the interior. After all, that's what I see most often.

Styling is top notch!

Exterior, 4WD, and the size of this vehicle.

Fantastic interior. This was a terrific move from a mini van

Styling! Very roomy interior (backseat reclines) new wheels, DIC, sunroof, all the options!

Reasonable gas economy expected along with performance. Nice and roomy and comfortable. We do not need AWD. 

The options, aluminum wheels, sunroof, upgraded stereo, XM radio. I also love the gold color.

