Looks, performance, fun-factor, comfortable.

Very nice basketball looking leather seats. Nice exterior design. Acceptable sound system. Like the look of the 20"rims. But rims could be nicer.

Seats are very comfortable. Backup camera really solved a big problem backing up in previous models, especially in the dark. 

Besides the overall quality I like the interactive console where you check every performance status of the vehicle, such as fuel efficiency as you are driving, or air pressure etc.

I love the way the seats hug you and the bose stereo system is awesome. Pure comfort.

I like the navigation system, especially the "Birdseye View" mode. the keyless entry and start feature is great. The feature I'm most impressed with is the "Intelligent Cruise Control" in commuter certain traffic situations I can set it and enjoy not having to modulate my speed manually.

Sport package with the 20" rims and the intelligent key feature. The interior also by far is one of the most attractive in it's class.

Exhaust snarl sounds like my G35 coupe! Exterior styling, 20" wheels, back-up camera, aluminum detailing around the rear hatch and roof rails is a nice touch, auto latch function on the rear hatch, hatch mounted seat releases, LED tail lights, interior brick color is sharp when seen in person.

Awesome looking vehicle. Power tilt of steering column and gauges and reclining rear seats.

Great looking, and comfortable cross over.

Lane departure warning. Intelligent cruise control. HID headlights. 11 speaker Bose stereo. Supportive seats. Excellent handling. Gauges move with tilt steering wheel.

The navigation system is by far my favorite feature.

The Sport package is well worth it. The handling is much improved. The hands free option is nice as well.

As stated above, a perfect 10. Thank you.

Running the gears and the acceleration and exhaust snarl. I've had two RX 300s, a Nissan Pathfinder and a Mercedes ML320, and while they were all great cars, this is the only one with a personality. This moves, feels and SOUNDS like a sports car. The 11 speaker Bose is awesome!

Really like the intelligent cruise control. Never wanted a back up camera before but wouldn't do without one now! I really like that you can drive with the sun roof open and not have wind blowing down on you, that was always a problem with my 4Runner.

Rear view camera, optional manual gear, and of course it's one of a freaking kind styling. I love my FX!

Makes a nice roar as you pull away. Looks sporty and very fun to drive. Lots of tech gadgets such as lane departure warning, backup camera, sat nav etc.

Integrated Sirius radio is really nice. Leather seats are classy and comfortable. Backup camera is a great touch. Exhaust has a sweet sound.



Real time Navigation - I will not get another vehicle without one, Lane Departure Warning- has alerted me to potentially dangerous lane drifts more than once; backup camera - phenomenal - pays for itself by avoiding dings.

Rearview camera, intelligent key (great when you are carrying items), smooth handling.

Hands-Free Packages fantastic. Comfort and Ride. Rear view camera lets you back right up to the bumper.

The rear view camera makes backing up and parallel parking easier. Excellent 11 speaker Bose stereo. I love the copper color and brick leather interior.

Exterior/Interior design, Rear Back Up Camera, Bluetooth, 20in wheels, Bose Stereo System, basically everything!

without a doubt intelligent key. The ride,steering is tight and handling. Rearview camera is a great help.Safety features.

Performance and comfort of the car. Utility and ride. 6 disc changer nice. Reclining back seats. Bose stereo. Dealer installed XM very nice



