Cargo space, MPG, cost to operate.

For some reason I love the looks of the Matrix more than the Vibe - I smile whenever I see mine or others out on the road. Mine is sky blue, love the color. Love the ride. Love the interior space. Love the features and reliability. Most of the same features as Subaru but cheaper - better value!

Good mileage, comfortable. Excellent storage inside, good dog car (cleans easily, good spot for the dog in the back). 

Interior. Sound system sounds pretty good for factory system. High mpg.

Seats, Remote Keyless Entry, look of car, hatchback & interior space/room, location of cup holders, easy clutch/pedals to push, great for shorter peeps

Written by: 

Stereo, cargo room, comfort, gas mileage.

Great gas mileage plus hauling space.

Cargo space, fuel economy, fun to drive, good handling.

Good mileage, 31-33 avg. Huge interior!! No joke. Good build quality. 

Handling, fuel economy, reliability, versatility, looks, low emissions, strong brakes, fun!

Mileage. Reliability. Capacity. The fact that I still smile everytime I drive it. Capability in snow & rain. Mine is 2WD, and I still take it off- road & have needed to winch it out only once. I love the styling, I looked at its sister, The Vibe, but it didn't do it for me. Tires have nice grip.

Steering, handling, looks, interior design, stereo, dash lights at night.

My favorite feature is the comfortable adjustable driver's seat, I love the way it can be raised up (I'm short) as well as forward and back. 

The rear seat lies perfectly flat and the high ceiling.

Great mileage! Easy to drive. Roomy enough inside, for a 6'4" 350lbs man and an 80lbs German Shepard.

Exterior styling, cargo space, interior versatility, fuel milage. We especially like the fold flat seats.

Very good fuel efficiency, easy to drive, lots of room, looks cool, Great visibility.

Spacious interior and fold down rear seats.

Convienence of hatchback and awesome storage. Sunroof. Good space for all passengers. Good zip around town. Decent stereo.

Tight steering, peppy pick-up. Comfortable seating. Super cargo versatility. Moonroof and ventilation are very good. I'm sensitive to claustrophia and this car feels open and airy. Quiet compared to my former Honda CR-V.

Sporty interior. Very large interior for a compact. Great handling, very peppy engine.

Fun to drive, fuel economy, versatility.

Fuel mileage, hands down. I have not gotten less than 31 mpg yet, and I drive a lot of small trips, and into farm fields with low speed driving. Small light easy to fit into tight spots, fun to drive. Roomy interior, I am 6'2" 235 lbs, and am quite comfortable.

Seat comfort (front and rear). Gas mileage 27-40. Versatility. Easy to maneuver and park. Fun to drive. Good stereo with 6CD changer. Side curtain airbags a plus. Excellent brakes. Sunroof.

I like how much junk you can fit in the car with the back seats folded down flat. The gas mileage is great for an automatic too. If it's reliable as most Toyotas, I'll be very happy.

Gas mileage, folding seats, sporty look.

Cargo room, 34 MPG, sunroof, driving height, red exterior, fog lights (cool factor), driving lights, nice 6 speaker 6 CD player. I have to admit I like seeing the outside temperature, however I'm not sure why b/c I live in FL. 115v outlet is great idea, way better than cigarette lighter. STYLING!:)

Gas mileage, cargo space, looks, handling. It's a fun drive.

Great dash and control layout with eye catching red illumination. Excellent sight-lines with no blindspots.

This vehicle has every option that I could want. I consider that good for $22K. Others in this class would run about $3k higher for all the options included. The 7 speaker stereo with 6cd in dash changer isn't bad either (: While the mileage isn't phenomenal, it's better than most in it's class.

Gas mileage, cargo room, comfort, EVERYTHING!

I love the sensible and comfortable design. The heater is fantastic, no hot or cold spots. The radio system is to die for!

Fold down rear and front passenger seats, great MPG, radio, great acceleration for 4cyl, high quality of fit and finish, smooth quiet engine.

Gas mileage, interior, cargo space, handling, flat-folding front passenger seat with a tray on the back, lifting rear glass, seats, AC outlet, kinda sexy looking for a wagon.

Comfortable seats, adequate acceleration (it IS an economy car - my previous truck could pull 8000 lb and had a V8, but got half the mpg and more "busy" ride), versatile interior. I like cloth interior (leather too hot in Florida).

Exterior shape, gas mileage, folding seat backs.

Comfortable seats, well-finished interior, great gas mileage, perfect size.

Gas mileage.

I can say I like the handling, the way it drives around the corners, good mileage, roomy inside.

Driver seat sits high is height adjustable. Back window opens without having to open the whole hatch. Headlight reminder beeps so you don't accidentally leave lights on. Just breaking it in so I'm getting 30 mpg. Tires are lower profile & wide.

The seats can go down in the forward direction. The manual is nice because we did not like the way the automatic shifted gears and it saves more on gas.

Room, suspension, etc

Daytime running lights, dash board configuration, many storage compartments, cupholders, cargo area, glass hatch pop, Very happy with this car.

Gas mileage.

Gas mileage and handling with wide profile tires are among my favorite features. Also, the height of the driver's seat provides a positive SUV feel. Storage space is a plus along with the braking and air system. All Matrix owners I have encountered say the car is great.

Interior room in the front seat. Glow of interior at night. Automatic lights. 4 Cyl has a surprising amt of zip.

Visibility, easy to read dash, auto. driving lights, folding seat versatility for carrying large items

Gas mileage was the primary reason for purchasing; the overall performance and appearance as well as eye-appeal were frosting on the cake.

Safety (airbags, antilock brakes), 6-cd stereo, storage and folding seats, automatic headlights, city gas mileage.

I guess the seats and all the room in the back. Nice cruise contol I use it a lot and keeps the engine rpms low adds to the gas economy. 

Fuel economy, exterior styling, quiet and smooth ride.

Flexible cargo area, exterior styling, great seats, lots of rear seat leg and head room, 115v outlet, strong radio signal reception.

