Styling, room, AWD, comfort and all of the accessories you can buy for them.

overall fit and finish; limited package

Comfort and cabin space. My wife and I w/ our 2 yorkies travel a lot and the car is super comfortable with lots of space.

Exterior and interior design is excellent. Even the basic model has many features that you may see in limited edition of competitions. 

Unique, overall styling, interior design and feel, mesh grille and big chrome wheels, AWD, heated mirrors and wipers, Subaru reputation.

Cockpit feel. Styling

Console controls, steering wheel controls, heated seats and wipers. Back up camera is fantastic. 

Heated seats, puddle lights, 19" wheels, rockin' sound system! 

Heated pwr lthr seats, sport shift. Interior is stunning. Legendary performance in snow and ice. Tremendous value/price as a used car.

Styling, Interior design and comfort, space for both passengers and cargo, all wheel drive system, option packages.

Gorgeous inside and out. AWD cannot be beat. Comfort, sound system, back up camera, nav system, leather... woo! Many seats.

Puddle lights, nav, sat radio, dual zone (she's always cold and I'm always hot), memory seats.

Nav. system, seating very comfortable, dual air conditioning works great.

Love the way you can move the second row literally wherever you want it. Also love the way it handles, very stable. And contrary to some of the other reviews I do like the AC controls and everything else on the dash. Looks great, very intuitive.

Big wheels creates very smooth ride; heated seats, exterior styling, low tire pressure warning light.

Interior and exterior styling are very unique. 18 in wheels, rear camera, puddle lights, touch screen nav system, AWD system. All the switches and buttons (no funky knobs or levers to slide or twist), speedo and tach during the day and everything at night. Safety and security. Chip free body cladding.

TRACTION. And not just tires, but the AWD system, the viscous couplings, the ABS, and everything else that makes this vehicle so perfect for treacherous Minnesota winters. The A/C is very powerful and cold, even when it's 95+ degrees outside. Highway cruising (75+) is comfortable and predictable.

Love the interior - stylish, functional and luxurious. Subaru loaded the Tribeca with features that are expensive options on many competitors. Build quality inside and out is excellent. Subaru's AWD system is highly regarded as well. Distinctive exterior styling sets it apart. High safety ratings.

Navigation, DVD player, memory seats, digital temp., interior space, quality leather, sunroof, puddle lamps, horsepower, EVERYTHING.

Memory seats, dual climate controls, sunroof, sliding rear seats and ground clearance.

Very nice vehicle minus the engine.

Value for the price.

Good range of options included. 

Dash is awesome!

Volume control of audio system on steering wheel and tight turning radius

Safety, all wheel drive, interior.

Everything thats standard in the B9 and an option in other SUV in its class.

Instant MPG average read-out teaches you how not to waste gas. Remote start is great in these cold Colorado mornings. Puddle lights are a neat touch. The fog light, day running light, headlight combination is great. 

I like the 18" wheel. It looks so great that you don't need to replace it with a bigger and wider one. Its makes the car sexy.

Exterior styling (I like that it's unique), interior styling and features, and the 7-seating capability. Very nice size wheels and tires come stock; can't beat that! 

Interior fantastic, quality feel.

Safety features. Nice looking interior. Great traction control (3 blizzards and counting!). Heated seats warm up quickly. Vehicle is a good height (not climbing up, or crawling into... you go straight in). 

Nice to look at, Love the backup camera and puddle lamps. Love the heated seats and wipers. Safe car.

AWD, Navigation System, Integrated Vehicle Information display, MP3, Independently adjustable 2nd row seats. Sport-shift semi-manual transmission. 

Great winter vehicle...heated mirrors, wipers and seats. Memory seats are nice, especially when one spouse is much taller than the other. Distinctive styling.

I really like the interior design. I also like knowing how much work went into safety. 5 star crash test (Passat only gets 4 stars) plus a good chance to avoid accidents with AWD, multiple air bags and stability control. The tiptronic transmission is great as well. 

Comfortable and quiet ride, ergonomics, seating configurations, decent power, good handling, and good brakes. AWD system and all the safety features it has.

I thought the puddle lights were a waste of money until I saw them at night. Very cool! My daughter calls it "the rock-star car" now. Also I like how you can watch dvd on the front monitor screen if the parking brake is on. Useful when waiting while picking up kids, etc.

It has everything! Full leather, all wheel drive, fold flat rear seats, dual climate control with very cool looking controls, heated seats, heated side mirrors, heated wipers, etc.

Exterior. What people were saying was ugly now stands out and dazzles the crowd.

Dash, shifter, DVD, rear looks, ride, handles like a car not an SUV.

