RELIABLE--potential for MANY miles. Solid build quality. Interior and exterior design. That boxer growl!!! Acceptable economy from a 3,200lb car with AWD. Confidence-inspiring handling. Superb traction. Standard alloy wheels and 4-wheel disc brakes. Won't be mistaken for anything else on the road.

Responsive steering; slim body (easy for parking); AWD; good, responsive acceleration (I drive a manual; not as responsive in the automatics I tested). 

Power, gas mileage, handling, fun factor, simple cockpit, upright seating, great sightlines, AWD traction. 

Aux input jack, CD Changer, Rubber mat in the back of the cargo compartment. Suspension holds up under potholes pretty well. 

HUGE Brembo brakes, HID lights, 6-speed short throw, boxer engine sound, great power, and distinctive styling.

The all wheel drive is awesome. It takes away a couple mpg, but it's well worth the trade-off. The MP3 jack is nice in the Outback Sport. Reliability is second to none. 22k miles and no more than the regular scheduled maintenance.

It is 4x4 when it runs. It is 0x0 when the spark plugs get wet and oily. I feel safe If I can get it started and drive this car. It is a great car only if it works.

Sharpest seats of any year WRX, new engine, painted calipers are eye catching, wagon makes it handy. More aggressive bold style than the 08-09

Sporty look, feel and ride. All wheel drive. Price. Resale value. Safety. Build quality both inside and out. The overall personality of the car. Very strong brakes.

Performance, performance, performance, handling, handling, handling, value and reliability.

There is simply no replacement for the AWD, it makes the car. The feel of the car is incredible. It's very driver oriented, as if you are a part of the car.

It looks so sleek and sporty. The AWD is amazing!

Fun to drive, responsive engine, good gear intervals, great sight lines, traditional instruments and controls.

The hatch, the turbo, the all wheel drive, and the roof rack. I am currently fixing up a house, and have often loaded the back with large items (doors, etc). The turbo makes driving fun again. The all wheel drive comes in handy in rain or snow. I bike a lot, so I needed a roof rack too.

Handling at high speeds.

I love the way it looks and handles. It's fun to drive too.

Pure power and great handeling from the factory. Any enthusiast knows that this car has amazing potential. 6 speed tranny w/short throw is so smooth, has all the features I want and nothing I don't need.

BBS wheels. RE070 tires. Brembo brakes, rear diffuser, suede seats. Rear trunk pass through. Water sprayer and dccd. Torsen rear diff, helical front diff.

Headlight leveler. DCCD awd, water sprayer. 6 speed.

It has great power and handling, is fun to drive.

World Rally Blue Paint, DCCD, Power available, 6-spd, BBS wheels

Sunroof, great handling, good acceleration. I also like the automatic climate control and the 6 disc cd player.

Performance and looks. Heated seats. 

All wheel drive is nice in rain and snow.

The torque, grip in all conditions, lights, brakes, rims, differentials, transmission, turbo, engine, trunk space, four doors, mp3 port.

Good cargo capacity and a large tailgate opening (for a compact wagon). The MP3/CD changer w/ aux. input works well. 

Power, especially in the bottom end. Luggage capacity is great. Transmission is awesome, slick and crisp. Handling is amazing, all 4 wheels stay planted like glue. Climate control works well. Steering is very responsive. Sound of the exhaust is intimidating. Pretty much everything about this car.

I've discovered the upper RPM range of the engine. Wow, the power and the glory! What a blast! This little engine is at its finest over 5,000 RPM. Who needs a turbo?! Gas mileage has been better than expected. I routinely get just over 30 mpg, even with occasional spirited driving and A/C use.

All wheel drive, and the cargo space in the back.

Torque, seats, brembo brakes, acceleration. 

I upgraded to the short throw shifter, its a definite improvement. I also like the extra ground clearance, the SE package and running on regular gas.



WR blue paint is eyecatching (several great comments on the color), sounds great with SPT cold air intake/cat back exhaust, handling is awesome, not everyone has one, 300HP/300lb torque stock with AWD baby!! Nuff said!

AWD is my favorite feature that never leaves me guessing if I can get to the ski hills or through the hilly terrain where I live. I feel safe because it handles so well. The car and transmission is very smooth and very easy to drive. Superb value considering the low take home cost. 

AWD, sleek design, rear tail lights. 

AWD with short throw shifter. Leather interior and sun roof which is only provided in the LIMITED tpye. Power power and more power. Hood scoop from the interior. 

AWD, DCCD, HIDs, aftermarket availability, boxer rumble, Subaru support, uniqueness, iPod aux port, interior, Brembo brakes, powerful sedan, fuel economy for a 300 hp car (I am currently ranging between 20-25.5 mpg).

Turbo, Boxer rumble, 6 speed tranny 

Excellent handling. Feels solidly planted at all times. Nimble, with quick steering. Traction seems unbreakable. I wouldn't race it for pink slips, but the engine is surprisingly responsive.

175 hp 4-cylinder boxer engine provides adequate acceleration. The AWD feeling is amazing, its got plenty of grip. The hawk eyes, the pig nose, and the spoiler give it personality. Subaru reputation for reliability is on par with Toyota/Honda. Exclusive feel b/c Subaru brand is not well known.

Turbo.

The symmetrical All-Wheel-Drive coupled with tight steering wheel creates awesome handling at any speed, and you'll want it with 230 horsepower (222 under the new rules). The short-throw shifter is also a must on the 5spd manual.

AWD, performance, build quality, interior and exterior design, beautiful two-tone gray color, wonderful cloth seating, versatility, satellite radio, 27 mpg average. Awesome looks and performance for a family car.

Great pulling power when turbo kicks in. If you are lucky not to have the throttle issue your car will be a complete beast. If not when you step on the gas the car will not respond when you step on it. It will not register for a second.

Center tach, Turbo, AWD, 17" rims, hood scoop, 2 tone interior, surprisingly spacious trunk, and the fact that the car can be driven tame around town, but fast when you want/need it. 

AWD .. really that's it.

Love the seats! Good package with the SE option. Fun, fun, FUN to drive!

All Wheel Drive (though this may be what hurts the gas mileage). Predicted reliablility and resale value. Stereo sounds great as long as you don't use satellite radio or an MP3 player in the aux jack. Pretty fun to drive. The automatic climate control is nice.

AWD, exterior styling and performance.

Handling and performance set this car apart. Standard Safety package (side curtain, hip and front airbags). Comes equipped (security, all power, safety, etc.) Don't have to pay extra for necessities

AWD and the Sirius radio.

Gauge cluster, climate control, performance, new 4-pot brakes.

Performance and handling, AWD, engine torque, manual transmission, price, upright seating position, headroom, excellent road visibility, simple intuitive controls, traditional instrument panel, uses regular gas, better than expected road noise level and ride quality, hi-beam headlight brightness.

The power, no noticeable turbo lag. The car just pulls until redline with no problems. I also like the two tone interior with gray seats with black inserts.

The turbo, the interior, and the spacious interior

Power, AWD, looks, handling, braking, interior layout, dash power up is cool too. Lots of parts and options for these cars as well (but expensive!) Gas mileage is really good for such a performance car. I'm getting 20+ in the city driving conservatively. Less if I drive hard. Really a driver's car.

Good power in the lower rpm, especially for a turbo car, auto-dim mirror, automatic climate control, responsive steering, corners flatter (minimal body roll).

Peppy 2.5 liter engine. AWD. Smooth shifter. Great headlights!

Low key styling-no wing. Supportive but comfortable leather seats. Lots of included extras-sunroof, 6CD stereo + satellite radio. Excellent dash/gauge layout with red illumination. Close ratio 6 speed transmission with short throw shifter.

Handling, AWD, roomy trunk, sleek design, fuel economy.

300 horses, razor sharp steering, sweet leather seats, sleeper looks.

AWD, ABS, snazzy-yet-tasteful dashboard, automatic dome and trunk lights, and just enough extra height.

AWD. Nothing else to say other than AWD. If you live in Wisconsin, you'll understand.

Powerful engine, super handling.

