color.

7 speaker pioneer system, heated seats, sunroof, black leather, controls on steering wheel, pirelli tires, automatic start.

Everything

I love the exterior of the vehicle! The fuel economy of the vehicle was a wallet saver these past few months! The sound system is great. The remote start is wonderful in the winter/summer when you want to unthaw/cool down the car before you get it. It's always a head-turner

Sunroof, Pioneer system, wheels, steering wheel cruise and audio controls, remote start (nice in the winter and impresses the ladies).

Heated seats.Decent gas mileage.Very fun to drive.when my keyless entry remote worked,only for about 6 months.I tried to replace the battery but didn't help,my alarm would go off when i tried to use it. it would only stop when you started the car. I DID love the remote start.(especially in the winter)

Sunroof, subwoofer is amazing, steering options.

Stereo, to block out noise.

Great features like the power sunroof, sound system, mp3 jack and information center. I like the steering wheel controls. Gas mileage is good, especially on the expressway. 5-speed Getrag transmission is very smooth shifting. 

Sporty and elegant appearance. Fuel economy. Purchase price. Feels like a $25,000 car.

i like the setting on the gauges on the dash and the power for the little 4 cyl was really impressive and its quick and gets great mileage and its a sharp looking car 

Fit and finish, size, turning radius, ride, style, price, comfort, interior exterior. Everything about the car is excellent. It was listed at 18500, out the door for 13,500 and it drives like most cars that are 25,000 dollar cars. You should get one with the comfort package, and sport package.

Mileage. Ride. Fun factor

Pioneer sound system, 1 year of XM radio, easy handling, sunroof, having orange be a choice of color was my favorite.

The gas mileage, remote starter, XM radio, interior, exterior, and the digital features (temperature, fuel range. etc.)

It's so light that you can really notice the torque so it's not necessary to go over 3000 RPMs. the ECOTEC engine amazes me, good power and the oil life sensor gives me around 10,000 miles on an oil change. The sound system is nice and the interior is modern and cool. It's quiet as well.

Peppy engine. Interior design/layout. Seats are comfortable. Exterior design is cool.

We like the smooth 4 speed automatic, and enjoy the sunroof. The seats are comfortable, and the car's styling is the best in it's class by far. The ride beats the Asian cars, especially over rough surfaces, like rail crossings. The Pioneer sound system is the best I've ever owned.

The black interior, the XM radio & the automatic start

Gas

Gets great gas mileage, looks sleak, sunroof, pioneer sound system. I love that you can open the trunk with the remote. A great upgrade from the 1995 I was driving.

Handling, power and economy. 

Quietness when going down the road. Even at 80 mph, the interior is quiet, and the little tiny 4 cyclinder motor isn't heard while at cruise. Economy is great on the highway, so-so (high 20s) in town.

The awesome looking 17 rims on Pirelli tires and the premium sound system pumps pretty good for a factory system. Very good looking car will turn heads.

The whole car. It's fun to drive, corners well and gets great gas mileage. The nice color orange it came in and the aftermarket for this car is getting good.

Great handling, steers and turns on a dime with no tire squeal, just hugs the road. Pickup is more then I expected with a 2.2 liter 4 banger, and braking is straight and true. Remote starter helps in foul weather, and the A|C and heater systems work very well. 

Just about everything. I really enjoy this car.

I like the gas savings over the pickup I was driving.

I like the good fuel mileage I get with this vehicle. It is better than that of my F-150.

XM radio, mp3 player,

The sunroof, and the radio controls on the steering wheel.

CD/MP3 player standard, jack for playing Ipod through the sound system standard. Comfortable and stylish.

Handling, tires, wheels, spoiler, seats, tint, windows, frame, chassis, everything!

MP3 jack.

XM, MP3, OBC, Pioneer sound package

I am a big fan of the info center and the controls on the steering wheel. Also, the sound system is pretty good too.

Gas Mileage & MP3 Audio Jack

Everything from the stereo system (you don't see many vehicles with 10 inch subs from the factory), to the comfort, to the overall style of the vehicle.

i can't pick a single favorite thing about this car other than it has all the necessary room i need for my 3 children and my husband and me. 

Color. Look. Seats. The bass in the stock stereo. Pretty much everything.

Comfort/driving position, White face gauges and tachometer placement, Headroom, 17 inch wheel design. 

The stereo sounds as good as many aftermarket systems



Written by: 

Moonroof/stereo package, great pickup, large, roomy back seats, large, deep trunk, great turning radius and response, just fun to drive

MP3 jack

The stereo is great, great on gas, and the look is just fantastic

Body style is great, coupe looks stylish.Interior feels like a small coupe,but with large back seats and huge trunk, no way G5 is compact to me.

The car looks sharp

sunroof, pioneer sound system, cruise, audio controls on steering wheel.

Free XM Satellite Radio, handling, and information center

Fav feature is a toss up between the HEATED leather seats or the throaty exhaust from the unmodified factory system. Only thing missing is Rally stripes!

My favorite feature is the XM radio, just love the country music, good sound system.

The information center and the CD/AM- FM-XM radio. 



This came with XM radio. What an awesome thing to have in a car! Speaking of radion, excellent sound system with 220 watts of Pioneer speakers...it rocks!

Leather seats, quiet ride, sound system.

Xm radio and handling

radio the sunroof, 17inch rims, 5 speed tranny, nice seats, 

There are many standard features on this car that are optional on other cars in the same class. Blue Streak Metallic is a color that needs to be seen in person. Online pictures do not do this color justice. Sun and Sound package are top rate. XM satellite radio is great! LOVE THIS CAR!!!

all black interior, dash accents and features, gas mileage, power and pep of this engine, sharp bright yellow paint!

My car came with a year's worth of XM satellite service and 365 music downloads which is nice. Also the remote start feature is fun to show off to people. The trunk is huge.



Power from the engine, and overall vehicle styling

 XM radio for free (1 year), down load all your favorite songs from your I- pod. Very responsive even though I went with the base car. THE GT MUST BE BAD TO THE BONE! Very quiet smooth but agile sporty handling that pontiac is known for.

