Everyone complimented on the style and color.

Highway cruising comfort and ability to shift manually.

Space, space, space. We love the flexibility the split rear row offers: all cargo, cargo + passenger or cargo + 2 passengers. Soft leather. Soft ride. Motorized liftgate.

Exterior, Interior, Space, Excellent performance in snow. 

Comfort is great. Rides smoothly. One of the better crossovers with mpg. Space is great for growing family with many road trips. Many standard features.

AWD is amazing and can get through anything, big tires make for a great ride on any highway, and the space for cargo is like a truck. Fuel economy is fine as it is a 8 pass. vehicle.

space, handling, ride, height. Drives like a car more than a truck.

Comfortable ride, ok power but could always use more, looks great!

Interior design

Love color, wheels, color of leather, wood trim, sunroofs, captain chairs, leg room is amazing in back rows, 3rd row seating is awesome, love mirror options, cargo space, and heated seats.

Excellent part throttle, take-off-from the-lights acceleration. Awesome handling and ride. Interior space and appointment that finally gives a big guy some shoulder space. A crossover vehicle that defies its entry level pricing for performance and functionality.

Heated seats. Power liftgate in back

Power liftgate, retracting side mirrors, heated seats.

Third row seating that provides ample leg-room. Seats fold flat. Stereo is fantastic!

Dual air, comfortable seats, lots of gizmo's and of course great mileage! Fun to drive

Dual sunroof, Sterring wheel controls. Smart-slide access to standard third-row. MP3 jack. Tri-zone auto climate controls

Interior space and quality, 6 speed auto, wide stance

Entry and exit from the third row seats much better than the competition. Seats are very comfortable. The navigator is very user friendly.

Dual sunroofs, 110v outlet, and numerous storage comparments.

Our favorite features are the dual zone climate control, the power adjustable drivers seat, and the steering wheel radio and cruise controls

The extras, We purchased the XR with all the enhanced trim packages, touring package, enhanced sound, sun roofs, DVD, its incredible. When you're sitting in it you can't believe it's a Saturn. It rides like a car has good acceleration for a V6. It has lots of room. Automatic liftgate is also nice. 

Interior comfort, exterior looks and handling.

The whole body design, most of all the front grille

The navigation system and OnStar together are a great feature. We use both much more than we thought we would. The captain's chairs for the second row are comfortable. The view from the driver's seat is wide open without significant obstruction. Bright headlights! Responsive car-like handling.



I have a power driver seat which is very comfortable. The second rown seats fold up nicely to allow access to the rear seats.

The quiet, the looks, handling, sound system, on star/hands free phone, everything. 

No external noise, quiet engine. Voice command Navigation, Power gate, electronically configurable outside mirror, DVD player, game ports, iPod port, thick cushiony comfortable seats

Headroom and legroom, power hatch, aux input on dash, good gas mileage (17 city, 25 on hwy driving 60, 23 on hwy driving 80-85). Great personal storage and comfort!

Almost as much room as minivan.19inch wheels. 275HP. 4500lbs towing capacity. Optional captains chairs in second row. Doesn't look like a minivan

We opted for almost a base model. The features we have are mostly standard.

Side and head curtain airbags, 6 speed automatic, 18 inch wheels, stabilitrack, XM radio, fold flat configurable seats, awesome styling

AWD, leather interior, cargo space, ease of putting 3rd row seats up and down, smart slide seats, 

HID head lights, navigation, DVD player/300wat stereo, remote start, power folding mirrors, backup sensors, great engine, safety features

I enjoy all the nifty innovations such as the Smart-Slide second row seating, traction control, etc. It's very roomy, I actually fit a full size washing machine, dryer, and a hand truck in the back.

Being back in the Saturn family after 7 years away! Remote start on cold days. Great ac/heat system. Responsive handling. Overall safety of spaceframe design. Room enough for the 5 of us and a friend for each kid for local trips. Can't do 8 for a week stay without needing the roof storage rack. 

Everything. Soft yet firm heated seats. Dual auto climate control. Stereo. Amenities. Everything.

DVD system, automatic liftgate, XM radio, navigation system, memory settings, OnStar, dual sunroofs, HID. The spacious interior, remote start, leather seats

Level of features on base model is comprehensive. Does not feel/look/drive like a base model. Design is very attractive/solid. Extremely quiet on the road. Good stereo.

Interior and exterior style, AWD, the outstanding 300 watt sound system with the sub-woofer, the comfortable seats, the skyview window over the second row seats, the powered rear door, the dashboard layout.

The remote start and the super 300 watt stereo w/ sub-woofer

The way it drives, rides, and looks. Great for long rides for vacation. Dual heat and air cool 

The back seats are easy to get in and out because the middle seat folds forward flat against the front seat.

Very comfortable and roomy, for all rows. Very stylish. 



Looks, seating, quiet, flat bed area is big enough to sleep there

Really can't think of one and that's a shame in a $35k car.

Back up sensors, power liftgate, remote start, seating configuration and flexibility, ride, handling, comfort, roominess.

Body style

Space and flexibility of seating configurations. The ride is soft and smooth - maybe it's the touring package. Performance is fine. Like the tire pressure gauge, mileage readout and 110V outlet. Power tailgate and remote start also.

Love the look of the vehicle. Love the extra compartment on the dash. Love the OnStar.

Everything!

Heated wipers, DVD, HID's, interior layout, overall ride and handleing of the vehicle. Comfortable when driving long distances.

Good looking, many compliments by passer-bys. Fantastic driving in heavy snow. Great traction with 19" tires.

The legroom in the third seats. The ease of getting people and things into and out of the vehicle. The looks people give us, it is the only Outlook in the area.

It has enough room for a ladder, golf clubs, and whatever else. It looks great! 18" wheels, stereo, and seating room is my favorite. It fits 3 carseats and the third row seat is still down. It can easily fit 6 adults or 2 adults and 5 kids with carseats.

The interior size, quality of build, and the very smooth ride.

Styling is an A+. Smooth ride, strong engine, comfortable, very quiet, tons of cargo room, loaded with amenities, decent mileage and American made!

Styling, wheels, headlamps, dual exhaust 

Ample storage bins in the vehicle so I can store all my things that used to just hang around and clutter up my mini van. The folding seats are wonderful! In just one push or one pull I have the configuration I need!

The look and feel of the vehicle.

Ease of getting in the third seat.

Love the remote start, the power liftgate. OnStar is incredible with the turn by turn navigation and the ability to unlock your car if you locked your keys in. I also love the satelite radio. The heated seats are a must. Love the bucket seats in the middle row. Great car!

Interior is awesome. Tons of room for packing things for a long road trip and you can put your dog in the back and it is comfortable for you dog lovers. XM is great. It's nice to have a button that adjusts your mirrors

Looks and roomy interior

Handy A/C plug behind the center console. Input on the sound system for my I-Pod. Exterior and interior appearance. Second and 3rd row seat mobility. Space. Ride. Reverse Assist sensors (I like them better than the rear camera). Dashboard vehicle information. Nav system/ voice recognition.

Power liftgate, easy entry for third row, sunroof/skylight (with the tinted glass this car almost needs them. feels closed in

Exterior and interior styling. Roominess inside. Cargo capacity. Gas mileage

Interior passenger and cargo space.

Dual air controls, rear controls, DVD, lots of space, looks

3rd row seat you gotta love. And the interior layout. Plus the gas mileage for the size of car it is.

Smooth ride. 

Interior comfort

Easy fold down rear seats. Well supported front seats for long drives.

The ride is my favorite feature. It is quiet and smooth. Feels like a luxury vehicle. Passenger comfort is my 2nd favorite feature. All my friends are surprised by the room they have.

Size, versatility, creature comforts, looks

Heated seats. Fold-flat 2nd + 3rd row. XM and OnStar. Retained accessory when turn off vehicle. Cruise tells exact speed set at. Driver information center and tire pressure monitor tells exact tire pressures-affects fuel econ and tire wear. Battery gauge on dash displays strength.

Power driver window up and down automatic. The heated seats and remote start in cold weather turns on heated seats.

Exterior looks. The 18" wheels are awesome. When I pull up to place, people are always like wow what is that. Light up map and cup holder is cool. Very roomy.

Seats, powertrain, and overall usefulness.

My kids love the sunroof and backseat radio system. The room for hauling is nice, but I don't do much now that the brakes don't work proberly. I like the idea of fitting my family comfortably.

Automatic headlights, 6-disc CD changer, 8 seats, lots of little hidey-hole storage bins!

OnStar assistance, XM satellite radio, comfortable leather seats, heated windshield washer fluid, dual sunroof (I didn't really want this - but now I love it), rear sonar for parking, rear controls for audio as well as a/c (the kids can plug in headphones and listen to something different).

Dual climate control. Heated front seats. OnStar

Rear park assist, navigation system. Easy fold down seating

Love everything about it. Especially the second and third row seats.

My favorite features are the remote start and the automatic trunk, well worth the few extra dollars for the convenience.

The navigation system is so handy and I signed up for another year on the XM radio. Tire pressure sensor is a really handy thing. I really could go on and on.

Double sunroofs, automatic liftgate

Exterior design and size

Color, ride, gas mileage

Lots of space. Eight passenger seating. Large front comfortable seats. OnStar, phone, XM radio and remote starting.

Ride quality is terrific. It drives like a smaller, more compact SUV. Great cargo capacity.

I love the wrap around glass at the rear window pillers, the stylish grill, Navigation system with DVD. The glass roof and sun roof are great and the sliding sunshade is a nice feature. The interior use of space is excellent, adults can sit comfortably anywere... most vehicles can not compare. 

Size, smooth ride, OnStar, XM radio, the look inside and out, sliding 2nd row.

Cabin space, smooth ride, XM radio, OnStar and phone--free maint report every month via the web, to print and review, able to monitor tire pressure from the dash panel. We love it from front to back..

Physical beauty inside and out augmented by the 19" wheels and my white diamond tricoat paint job. Quiet smooth ride. Voice navigation system by GM better than OnStar XM radio can be habit forming. Parking-Assist object sensors in rear bumper Multiple air bags. Car-like handling. Electric plug.

OnStar and XM radio-would not have purchased (probably) except both were included (built in) and also phone. Now would not have a vehicle that did not have them. 12 volt AC outlet should be mandtory on all vehicles. What a pleasant suprise.

Good looks, Smart Slide, roominess of the interior, heated seats, fold flat 3rd row, leg room for taller drivers, safety considerations. 

Performance (V6), Leather Seats, cargo space, power lift gate, untrasonic back-up sensor, free one year OnStar service included

My Ipod connection and the back up warning signal. 

Cargo, look, interior

Stability control. Great interior and exterior design. Strong AC. OnStar and XM. Power. Well balanced. Good Carrying capacity. Seats fold easily and are split. Comfortable too. No aches after 2200 miles in 3 days. I'm 58. Great storage for large and small items.

Interior is extremely quiet. I am hooked on the XM radio, as well as the hands free phone via OnStar to Verizon.

Wall to wall airbags, accessible eight passenger seating, stability control, OnStar and XM radio and much more.

The comfort tinted windows. The open and close trunk and the ignition from the remote

Easy 3rd row sitting, the storage compartments, interior space, comfortable ride, safety features. It looks great.

All the high tech stuff. Power outlets galore. Nav is great. Remote start, power liftgate, heated washer fluid,

It looks good, drives well and while it "ain't cheap" if you get it loaded, it certainly should compete with some of the other slightly larger and more expensive SUV types on the market. 

XM radio, Third row seating, very roomy. Excellent quality. Kids and wife love to ride in it.

Well designed basic interior layout. Excellent standard 18" tires. Solid ventilation system. Quiet and solid feel.

Back seat controls for heating or air, back seat radio. Tons of cup holders, and airbags all around

Sunroofs, park assist, smartslide access to rear seat, trip computer, stereo and DVD systems.

The OnStar system, the safety features, the overall look, and the spacious interior. Saturn overlooked nothing. This vehicle has it all!

Our favorite features are the quiet and smooth ride, the leather seats and the exterior look (19" polished wheels).

My XM radio the spacious 3rd row and storage and fuel economy

Car-like ride and handling in a well- designed, good-looking, spacious vehicle. The back-up warning and electronic rear hatch are great. Finally a vehicle with gauges that are not blocked by the steering wheel. Excellent head and leg room (I'm 6'3"). 

Mileage, style, passenger room including 3rd seat.

Airconditioning is very powerful. Stylish exterior. Access to third row.

Interior design, console/radio, rear captain chairs, third row seats, auto lift gate, remote engine start, memory seating for two drivers, auto-dimming rearview mirrors.

Rival luxury packages as any car on the road with a better price point. This truck offers all the toys. Very roomy interior.

Fully functional third row, ample storage space, and lots of available options (DVD player, XM stereo, power liftgate, dual sunroofs, etc.). I especially like that the stereo has an input jack for my iPod. 

The large amount of trunk space in addition to the many cubic inches of leg room sold me. You can also get a DVD player for the kids if you want! 

