DVD player for the kids--it's one of the only things that hasn't broken, although I can't work all of the features from the dash. You have to use the remote for some things.

power seats, tape player, easy to flip down 2nd and 3rd row seats for cargo.

Stow & Go seating, power everything, navigation system, DVD system

I like the automatic climate control,and power hatch and sliding doors.

smooth driving and mileage

Stow and go

Stow and go of course. Upgraded fabrics and heated mirrows. Driving comfort and ease of control. I do not find the audio buttons on the back of the steering wheel hard to use. 

Stow & go seating

None that I can do without

Stow and Go seating. Cargo space. 

none

Satellite radio; great fuel economy

DVD system



nothing really.

The Alpine GPS/DVD player although to upgrade to the new map disc is $200!

Low tire monitor (you need it with the leaky aluminum rims) Stow & Go Power sliding door

Stow n go 

Stow and Go seating 

Sliding doors and tons of room.

Automatic doors, flat cargo area with seats stowed, exterior finish. Easy to drive. Handles well.

I removed middle seat and moved read forward making it a 5 passenger vehicle. This gives me need cargo area. Rear interior width/height is great since wheel wells are not protruding into vehicle. Rear height makes it easy to get items like lawnmower in and out.

price, price, price,only feature that attacted me to vehicle..

you can place a 4x8 sheet of plywood flat on the floor and close the back door. Relatively flat floor

Stow n Go hide away seating. Radio Data System in a factory stereo (Station names and song names when broadcasted by supporting radio stations.

Very comfortable seating. Love the stow n'go option. Incredible amount of cargo capacity. Old-faithful styling.

Stow and Go is seating is the best thing yet. 

Stow & go seating. Power sliding doors and liftgate.

DVD player! Auto open doors and trunk. A seatbelt that actually works with a pregnant belly ie. no strangulation!

Stow n go, second row seats move all the way back to bench for maximum legroom and also recline. Climate control, sun roof great. In older T&C models, if you manually opened the power door and then pressed the button to close, nothing happened. Now, the door opens all the way and closes. Great. 

Stow and go seating is great. Like the Sirius radio and sound system. Seems to me to be the quietest of vans, very little road, engine, or wind noise. Thought the power doors were gimmicky at first.. but really like them now.

Lots and lots of storage...

Stow and go, nav system, exterior design, dash, sunroof

Comfort ride suspension is superior. Adjustable pedals are great for a short lady! The Stow & Go and power doors and power liftgate are great!



Power passenger door and DVD movie player for the kids.

Stow and Go Seating

Tow'n Go feature

Dvd player is great for my children. I love the Sirius radio. A lot more reliable than my last Toyota Sienna. Looks great

