Fuel economy, fit and finish, reliability, understated looks, superior electronics.

Beautiful paint. Ours is white pearl.

AWD, adaptive lights, navi, electronics are incredible, styling is sleek and practical, tire size provides stability, safety features are plentiful and seldom found in other cars as a complete package, parts are very reasonable, LED and other cabin lighting is great, drive is solid, fun to drive!



Decent seats, amazing navigation system, bluetooth phone support works most days, climate control is basically nice, motor runs nice on the highway (not around town), interior is reasonably well done.

The reverse camera and interior finish. 

Seats are very comfortable. Technology only seems confusing, takes about a week to learn. Ride and handling exceptional.

Best stereo system ever. No wind noise. Great super handling. Best seats.

Navi, traffic info, sound system, handling.

Smart Remote.

SH-AWD, Bose DVD audio, quality.

AWD, nav, automatic rear shade, vr, xm, homelink.

Can connect iPod into stereo system and stereo is awesome. Color of lakeshore silver is beautiful. 

Feels safe. Love the keyless feature. Drivers seat is exceptionally comfortable for my back. It carves corners like a razor and stops on a dime. The Nav system is great as is the radio and the controls are well laid out. The fit and finish are exceptional. The cabin is very quiet. No V-8 needed!

Navigation, Bose surround sound system, luxurious cabin, solid road manners.

Overall comfort, AWD super-handling, navigation with real-time traffic. 

Instrument controls, handling, comfort.

Ergonomic interior design, navigation, stereo, styling, quiet ride, AWD. 

The car rides smooth and tracks the road very well, it feels like the tires have claws. Night lighting of the road is outstanding. The electronic stuff is just plain fun.

Interior comforts are great. Handsfree entry and locking, NAV system is awesome, sound system outstanding. Looks and handles great. Stiffer than a Lexus and no annoying Infinity engine noise. Closest feel is an Audi but without the 6 speed Audi constant shifting... try that in traffic before buying.

Comfort and handling along with tech package, radio.

Satellite radio/sound system. V6 w/natural turbo (VTEC) when needed. Superhandling AWD carves corners like nothing else ever experienced. It's truly aptly named. Nobody can touch you on off/on ramps. Active noise abatement, active lighting, powerful lighting at night, NAV smarts. Cerebral.

