Good road handling in turns. Like the transmission for braking. Works well steep terrain.

Comfort! Smooth ride, very roomy and great trunk space. 

Memory seats, computer, triptronic transmission (even though it doesn't hold the gear as I would like)

I also considered the A6 3.2 and the 528, but even with the V8 and almost all options (navigation, rear seat entertainment, premium sound, the works), the invoice price of the S80 was $12,000 less than a loaded A6 or BMW. My perception of the overall qualtiy and value of the car is great.

It's quiet and has a great sound system including satellite radio. I love it. Build quality and ride are superb. 

The pickup speed from 0-60

blis system and personal car communicator.

The blind spot sensor has been very useful without being intrusive. The adaptive cruise control can be helpful and may have saved us from one slow speed crash. However, it can be annoying when it believes one is going to hit a car which is making a turn and will be off the road before one gets there.

V-8, AWD, ride and ease of controls.

Sports package afforded great handling in the mountains, Xenon lights (that turn) were very effective. Great seats with cooling. Great seats. Big trunk. Good sound (iPod ready). Outstanding styling inside and out.

Can't beat the Volvo seats!

The sports package! In the advanced setting, mountain switchbacks are no problem. The ventilated seats are outstanding. The Xenon headlights are fabulous. The new 3.2 liter engine is smooth, quiet, and powerful.

I LOVE the programmable folding power side mirrors. The fold into the body every time I lock the doors - very cool for city life. I also like the memory seat which senses which driver is opening the door (by sensing the key-fob). Very cool. Also, the best designed interior around!

Keyless entry - personal communicator.

BLIS, adaptive cruise control with crash warning, sport package with air conditioned seats! Adjustable suspension! And my favorite - active bi-Xenon headlamps. And not to forget, the personal car communicator!!



REALLY comfortable seats; sound system; keyless entry and push button starter; smooth ride; price. 

The adaptive cruise is a very nice feature... it will actually brake me to a stop if the car in front of me slows down, or even stops!!! 

