Small and easy to park in the city.

Sport button that lessens the assist for the steering and allows for great road feel as well as a more sensitive throttle. 50.1/49.9 weight distribution. Revolutionary design and classic roadster proportions.

1. The look of the car. 2. The feel of the car. 3. The way the car responds to me.

Auto top, especially being able to lower it with the key fob - what a hit that has been at the senior center!

Just about everything on the car really. The lines of the design are great. People stare at the car as if it cost twice what it did. Out performs 95% of the cars you'll pass. Interior makes the most out of the space the car has, quiet even at 75 with the top down. The Sport package is a must!

Handling, electronic controls, automatic soft top. Amazing coolness.

Euphoric! Exterior/interior design; Bluetooth; size (good for small people); performance; braking, acceleration and handling; safety; runflat tires, rollover protection, airbags, 4*/5* BMW assist; premium stereo; extended leather, maintenance program, automatic top, heated and memory seats, fast. ;)

Great sound system, high mileage (25 in city!), low and smooth engine tone, smooth shifting, consistent acceleration from 0-90mph, responsive handling, killer body styling, and it is fun to drive!!

Besides the styling, simple to use hands-free Bluetooth, awesome leather, acceleration that pulls effortlessly, I feel very safe.

Actually getting over 20 MPG, real sports car handling, huge trunk (I take it to the supermarket), people staring, perfect shifter, feather clutch, sweet exhaust not, killer sound system, flat torque from 2000-6600 rpm

THX stereo is out of control and Sport Drive rocks. Heated seats are great b/c they warm up the car and you don't need to put on the master heat (in Cali anyway). Looks - the the coupe shows off the lines, this is the true shape the Z4 (plus the hatch fits a way more than expected).

All of it.

Brake hold, speed sensitive volume control.

THX certiifed stereo, sports package wheels (very cool), power roof, iPod adapter thru the steering wheel (option well worth the cost), good-size trunk, stick shift.

Great stereo, great acceleration and the MPG is outstanding at 26+. I love being able to put the top up/ or down in 20 seconds. It's a rocket on a roller skate. Also a little secret - no maintenance costs for 4 years/50K miles!

Hill holder. This feature needs to be standard in all manuals. It's THE feature that helped my wife get comfortable with driving a stick-shift. Now she loves to drive the car. The one-touch button for top operation is great. Fast and easy. Glass rear window. Extended leather!

Handling, looks, stereo, smooth engine.

3.0si engine, handling, stereo.

Power, transmission, exterior looks.

Heated seats, M seats, Nav system, premium sound system, sport button, Steptronic transmission, Xenon lights, convertible top, flat tire monitor, BMW assist, dynamic traction control, wnd deflector, buttons on steering wheel, on board computer.

Definite best part about this car is its overall exterior design. The way it sits low adds a certain look to it and it makes it more sexy.

Love the paddle shifters. Nothing to unlatch for the convertible, can use your remote and it's down in a flash.

