Comfort Seats

Impeccable service, head-turning styling, racecar-like handling & acceleration, throaty V-8 growl that sounds like a Mustang, plethora of technological features, a sport mode that actually pins you in your seat - all with the practicality of an SUV. 

Navigation, tons of room, comfortable ride, handles well in snow but not ice.

the comfort and handling



Long panoramic sunroof, bluetooth, bi- xenon headlights

Panoramic sunroof, bluetooth, acceleration.

Great V8 engine, 20 way power (and ventilated) seats, bluetooth, ability to change fan speed and yet still keep "auto" climate setting.

Comfort, handling, voice command, iPod/sat radio and bluetooth.

Comfort seats and external styling.

Fun to drive, handles well. Like the high performance with the room.

The iDrive, 6 speed manual transmission or sport automatic. Eye catching looks.

Style and color.

Everything.

Active drive and iDrive. Once you understand iDrive it is the same as when you first came in contact with a PC... foreign at first but now you cannot imagine living without a PC and the same applies to iDrive.

Style and handling when compared to other SUVs but a setback when compared to previous X5s.

Performance.

Power gearshift brakes.

Handling, acceleration, nice build quality.



Wood trim, real time traffic option.



Handling, spunk, sound system.

Sports car-like feel when driving, Horsepower, and all the gadgets (I love gadgets!).

Few

Sport package, iDrive.

BMW handling, just plain magic, a scalpel in a world of axes. Excellent power train. Rock solid in ice and snow. Gorgeous fit and finish, inside and out. Highway mileage, 20+ at 75-85, quite surprising, credit the new power train.

Panoramic sunroof is great. Ventilated seats should be standard as they are great here in the hot southeast.

Warranty coverage.

Comfort Assist spoils you to where you never pull your keys out anymore, you just touch the handle, the vehicle unlocks or locks, touch the button on the dash and you start the vehicle and take off or shut the engine down.

Smooth/quiet on highway with excellent handling. BMW's upgraded contour seats are the best seats in any car, period. Stiff chassis feels ultra solid. Heads up display with nav system. Well-placed cup holders, storage bins. Upgraded stereo, bluetooth phone.



Power, design, handling, braking, active stearing, active seats, suspension smooth (in sport package) leather interior looks very nice. Job well done. 

Performance and handling.

Excellent handling, commanding views, comfortable interior and seats, lots of cool feature like park assist, sirius radio. Plenty of HP with the engine! Fun to drive.

Over-all driving capability, comfort, space, luxury features, much larger sunroof than many of the competitors. 

Car-like handling (low center of gravity, 50:50 weight distribution), build quality, lots of interior room, great styling and modest fuel consumption.

Power, acceleration, handling. Very fun to drive and leave everyone else behind (almost everyone).



Size, comfort, reliability, styling both interior and exterior. 6 cylinder has plenty of power. Large capacity, plenty of storage space for shopping. Enough room for our 3 grandchildren and our dog. Runs on regular gasoline.

iPod interface + Premium sound system. Upgraded "contour" seats are outstanding. Stiff chassis, minimal road/tire noise. Interior storage and cup holders are hugely improved. Handling is more like a sport sedan than any SUV I've ever driven. 

what's not to like?

iDrive, motor, build quality.

Drive, leather seats, navigation, size of entertainment center.

