Size. Very good interior room and comfort.



Smooth acceleration. MPG, reliability, perfect size.

Engine power, styling, color, electric seat.

It is the right size, convenient for two kids. Decent leg room. Good power.

Looks, interior, engine power.

Acceleration, handling, brakes, low fuel consumption rate, cargo area, front and rear foot and head room, and mechanical soundness.

Ride, size, flexible space design, relatively quiet for its class.

v6 power



Power, convenient seat arrangement, gas mileage, looks, practicality, uncluttered dash layout, very small turning radius, great road manners.

MP3 CD changer, big trunk.

The color Flint Mica changes according to the light. Neat metalflake effect. Very smooth riding even with sport suspension tuning and the 18 inch wheels. Tilt telescoping steering wheel is very useful. The one touch power windows and sunroof are very nice too. 269 HP VVTi V6 awesome!!

Power. Same V6 engine as Lexus but with regular gasoline. Hint: treat throttle gingerly. You will be rewarded. Incredible lock-to-lock turning radius. Easy parking. Excellent HVAC. Big interior room. Extensions in visors: good. Locking gas cap. V6 MPG!!

The Bluetooth in the steering wheel is great for hands-free talking on the cell phone. The dual air temp controls are nice to have. There is plenty of back seat room for passengers. 

Awesome power with decent fuel economy, great (JBL) stereo, auto climate control, well-considered suspension tuning, adjustable second row seats, good visibility from the driver's seat.

Third row seat, MP3 player jack, nice stereo, so glad it doesn't have a car alarm - just keyless entry!!

I love the great pickup with the 6 cyl. and the great looks of the car.

Sound system, V6, dual climate control (big selling feature since we just can't agree), storage space.

This car tells you when you have an under-inflated tire which happened to me - nice feature! The speed is the best - I love it. My pretty white Blizzard Pearl color. The lumbar support. That I can put lost of stuff in the back without reaching into a trunk.

Tons of space in the back! Gas mileage is quite good. The exterior look. And, of course, the dependability of a Toyota!

Visibility, safety features, ROOM, reliability, fun to drive.

Stereo and sunroof, like being higher up, lots of cupholders, seats very comfortable, cargo net is great, back seats easy to fold down, lots of room.

Size, safety, MPG, sporty style, color.

3rd row seat (but not fully usable)

Dual zone climate control, 17 inch alloy rims, stereo, lumbar support.

Exterior temp., leather seats, DUAL auto climate control, moonroof.

The exterior look is great and the size is not too big, just a little too small, but OK. The MP3 player through the radio is AWESOME!

The leather seats, blue tooth technology, quiet engine.

I like the ride height better than a car. The transmission can be shifted from OD to drive easily when going up a hill.

Smooth power delivery of that awesome 269 hp engine. 

I really like the iPod input in the center console and a cigarette lighter in there as well to power it. I have a Zune player and it sounds great on the stereo. 

Space. It is usually just me and my two kids but I can get a car seat in the back plus have one of the kids friends with us and no problems. It also handles very well in the snow. My husband tried everything to get it to spin out and it didn't.



Engine power, 4WD, design balance between size, power, versatility, and price.

Styling, ergonomics, features, all the little things that you never knew you needed (like the extensions in the visors).

V6, handling, cargo space, one pull flow flat back seat, MPG, hidden storage space in the back.

Overall, my opinion has improved. The engine - beware, heavy feet mean a lot less MPG, still impressive MPG regardless (considering performance). Quiet at all speeds, including fast highway jaunts. Amazing crosswind resistance, it does not stray from lane easily at all.

Rear seat adjustments. Fun to drive. Turning radius really great. Visibility great. Lots of storage compartments. Good looking.

Star safety system, electric steering, comfortable front seats, cargo space and gas mileage with the V6. Highway mileage was 28 mpg.

Quiet ride, 269 hp, sporty ride, 4wd, tows 3500 lbs, std 18" wheels, base stereo sounds great, convenient little features everywhere (heated mirrors, iPod connection, remote rear folding seats, full sized spare tire, plenty of cup holders, reclining rear seats, hidden storage), fun to drive!



JBL stereo with MP3 link, heated leather seats, power driver's seat, dealer-installed remote starter, dual automatic climate control, DRLs, bluetooth function, multiple storage bins, solid feel to all features and doors.

Sunroof, side opening rear door, iPod connection.

Power, handling, cargo area, easy fold down seats, easy to get in/out of. Lock in 4WD. Lighted vanity mirrors. 10 cup holders - way cool!

V6, electronic 4WD saves gas, nice ride. 

The wonderful, wonderful V6! Quick but very smooth. 0-60 in 6.4 sec! The 18 inch rims are standard on the sport model including the spare. The other trim levels have a steel spare. LED tailights. Aux audio for MP3 player and MP3 cd standard. I love blowing away coupes and sedans at stoplights. 

JBL audio, build quality, Barcelona Red, MPG, dual air controls.

Engine, ride, handling.

Stereo rocks, back seats fold down from the back and the power.

Love the heated seats, and the suspension is incredible for an SUV. Toyota is a great product.

Engine. You get a lot of vehicle for the money, especially if the reliability meets Toyota's normal standards. 

V6 at 23 mpg, Heated seats, moonroof and storage space. 

Driving is just plain fun! The V-6 acceleration is amazing!

Exterior build quality.

Dual air, hidden trunk space, control of the rear seats from the back of the vehicle. Nice!!

Lots of safety features, great stereo, lots of cup holders, lots of pep, looks good. I have the pearlized white color. The cargo net and hooks for groceries in back are very helpful.

Visibility, driving position, and ride. This SUV is just a great drive for my daily 60+ mile commute. So far, I'm getting 27-28 mpg with 89 octane fuel. Some have declared the sound system as a weak point; I disagree. The unit keeps separate volume and audio setings for each mode...a great feature.

Most everything.

Interior roominess and good handling characteristics (if hard acceleration is avoided).

Seats are comfortable, drives like a car, and 4WD auto-engagement occurs without the "clunk" found in Ford and Chevy's 4WD's. 

Heated seats, self-dimming mirror. iPod and bluetooth capabilities and great ride

Wonderful paint job, fun to drive, great V-6 power, sharp looks, bluetooth and upgraded stereo really nice, love the ajustment controls on the steering wheel.

The hidden storage space in the back, fuel economy, overall price for what I got. 4WD is amazing on ice.

Enough cargo room in the back for lots of luggage. The horse power. Like I said before, A3 V6 and this vehicle are comparable in power. Gas mileage; better than A3. And takes regular gasoline. 

Silver color

Fuel Economy, Handeling, Design, Space



All the standard features on the Base model!

Plenty of power both off the line and on highway. Toyota quality throughout.Really nice car. 



The rear levers that release the back seats. V6 power and mpg. Ride quality is there. Sleeker design.

The dash, seats, 5 star safety

roomy, versital, 17" tires

V6,V6,V6. Great sound system with 6 disc and nine speakers. The blue tooth is very handy and a nice safety feature for the cell phone. One lever flip down for the 2nd row seats and storage under the deck.

front panel ease of use

V-6

MP2 in-jack in center console is nifty. Seat-heaters too. Some people don't like the spare tire on back door but I do --- that increases likelihood a teenager could actually change tire if need be without calling me....

The V6 is nice. Steering is precise. All the features are good.

Just about everything the car has to offer: love the great look, the spacious interior, great visibility, great gas mileage, easy fold down rear seats, smooth & quiet ride, power driver's seat and dual control temperature along with radio controls on the steering wheel. 

MP3 audio in Comfortable driver seat.

Even with two child seats, an adult can still sit in the middle of the backseat without getting badly squished. There?s even a ceiling-mounted three- point shoulder belt for the middle rear position, instead of just a lap belt. Thoughtful. Advanced safety features abound.

6 disc in dash cd changer, and the open out door in the rear instead of the hatchback.

Build quality is excellent. Makes the CR-V look like a tin can.

Steering wheel controls. dual temp controls.

Bluetooth Phone Set-Up, Uphill and downhill assist, AWD, MPG, fold flat seats, reclining rear seats, cargo area.

Engine, good visibility, excellent suspension response. Exterior design is elegant but strong. Interior is quiet at all speeds. Impressive mixed MPG for a new V6. All the controls move with a well weighted and tight feel. Doors open and close with a solid muted high-quality "thunk".

6 disc cd changer in dash DAC is great also.



This SUV is fast on the straight line, just don't do twisty roads, it feels like I'm gonna rollover anytime even at 40 mph ramps which says 35 mph.

V6 V6 V6 270HP!!!! Safety features out the wazoo. Decent mileage vs power. Styling is nice. 

V-6 and no turbo charger

fold down third row of seats. Audio jack for MP3 player. Stability control.

Engine and handling. Fun to drive and great in the city. Mileage is good.

duo control temperature (I usually freeze out my passengers) JBL stereo sound, power drivers seat, outside mirrors, Good tires, even the spare is a full size. The volume control is also conveniently placed on the steering wheel so it is alot safer.

Cargo space, interior, amount of storage compartments, The control panel at night, and the gas mileage.

Quality of fit and finish - top notch; simplicity of knobs for heat and AC system; storage box in back; reclining rear seats; plenty of low end torque; handling with 18" tires

Engine, handling, headlights, interior space, visibility.

Large interior size, lots of leg room, smooth ride.

269hp,18" wheels, handling/braking, roomy interior- tons of storage, rear floor storage, tight responsive steering. 

Plus: The V6 is quick. That part is a bit fun. Steering is tight and the gas mileage is tracking at around 21mpg. I have never gotten better then 23mpg even with all highway driving and have gotten as low as 18mpg with the air running and mostly city driving. 

Hidden cargo holds; bottle holders in doors. All that glorious power under the hood.

I really love this car, but just wanted people to be aware of the towing issue.

Horsepower, dual zone auto climate control, versatile storage, exterior styling, moonroof....I could go on and on.

V 6 ! JVC worth the money just Dont expect audiophile quality.Play digitaly mastered cds.Rear seats are so simple to fold.Blue tooth phone in radio.Get multiple PBA cards because this baby is fun to drive. Low octane gas vs Acura Rdx and Mx3 premium fuel.

The 268 hp, it has a lot of power. The remote start for those cold winter mornings. The ease of the changing the back cargo area to more room or less. The automatic 4wd.

Bluetooth function, MP3 player. iPOD plug in, Automatic 4WD with on-demand manual switch, hill start assistant, dual-zone climate control. 50/50 Split & Stow 3rd Row seats with fold- flat-into-floor capability. 

good interior room,excellent gas mileage for a 4 wheel drive v- 6,reclining rear seats,large cargo area,18 inch wheels.did i mention the strong v-6.cartridge style oil filter so you can check out the filter media.

269 hp V6, Lower lumbar support of front seats, Handling, Back seat leg room and reclining seats-front and back. Sunroof.

Everything inside and out. "Smart" passenger airbag is great. 

good size small suv

Space, space and space.

cup holder position

V6 power, nice road handling, silent engines and gas mileage.

Comfortable driver's seat, steering, plenty of room for large dog and/or crate in back w/o the back seats folded down and room for work supplies in the back cargo area under the very back. Huge plus: engine heats up quickly in winter so there is heat and no steamed up windows. Plenty of headroom.

Fast, comfortable, nice looking, good highway gas mileage.

The remote start was an awesome feature to have in lieu of having a standard transmission. 

Attractive body, easy access, comfortable seating, multiple safety features, nice gas mileage, and easy to use controls. Relatively low maintenance costs. 

Strong engine, good use of interior space.

Almost excessive power, 5spd transmission, lots of cargo room, JBL stereo, great mileage, full size spare, comfy seats, lots of passenger room.

- Safety: airbags everywhere! - Ergonomics: controls easy to use - Seating: adjustable back seats - Storage: back seats easily fold down - Audio: JBL stereo system - Convenience: Bluetooth/iPod-enabled

Moonroof, stereo controls mounted on the steering wheel, storage space in trunk and GREAT handling capabilities.

Medium size, large interior of high quality, acceleration, view, styling and quality. 

Looks great. High beams very bright. Feels like a car inside with moonroof. Hide-away space under floor at back since LTD edition does not have 3rd row seats.

Adjustable height of the driver's seat, daytime running lights and easy flip- down rear seats. Also love how roomy the back seat can be for passengers.

Room, room, room. Handles with ease, quality is evident in nearly every aspect of the car.

Moon Roof and and headlites/foglites



MP3 and "audio input" capability. Hidden storage space "below" the floor on the cargo area. 

D.R.L., 17" wheels, highth

Fast acceleration. Tons of safety features. Blue-Tooth for the cellphone.

Simplicity

Roomy interior, drive wonderful

power, comfort, sound system, power steerring, just an awesome vehicle.

My favorite features would be the hidden storage in the back. The easy pull tab you pull to have your back seats go down if you have a big load to carry. I love how the back seats adjust and recline to for your back seat passengers comfortness. I love the auxillary for me to plug in my mp3 player

Everything !!

Fit and finish quality is outstanding. The V6 engine is very smooth, makes this a very quick ride, and gets good gas mileage. The climate control system on the Limited is a big upgrade from the Base and Sport. Leather seats are very confortable. 

MP3 Jack, Gas Mileage, Smooth Ride

powerful engine very sport and can tow a little with good gas milage

Low energy absorbing materials and UV Privacy glass! Downhill assist control. V6. Bluetooth. Tow package! All around its a winner! I give it an true 8.5 

JBL stereo, Bluetooth, moonroof, easy to put the back seats down with a pull of a lever couldn't be any easier. GREAT visibility, and the TIRE in the back doesn't mess w/ your view as people posted. Doors fill heavy when closing! Oh..and the neat storage space in the cargo under the cargo mat.

MP3 CD player. This is an expensive option on most comparable cars and it is standard. I also recommend side airbags and the towing package (4000lbs), it really gets the job got done.

Gas mileage is actually getting better. No need for premium gas, handling is good, low maintenance, spacious for rear passengers. When the vehicle is sitting on idle, you can barely hear the engine running. It's a practical vehicle without spending big luxury SUV money.

Nice looking, quick. A/C quick cooling.

Body style, V-6 engine, handling, interior space.

"Star Safety System" of airbags, stability control, anti-lock brakes, brake assist, brake proportioning, and traction control. POWERFUL V6 engine. Over one second faster 0-60 mph. than a base Porsche Cayenne!! Yet gets an easy 27 mpg. average on the highway. 

Headlights are awesome, I rarely have to use the high beams. 

Instruments and controls. A/C is tops. Road clearance. Towing ability. Comfort on long trips. Roomy interior. Fairly agile. Avg city/hwy 23.5 MPG. Engine power.

JBL 6 CD stereo, moon roof, V6, roomier interior and cargo space, grocery loading ease with the lower cargo floor and the side opening rear door. 

Back seats that move back, adjust and go down flat very easily. I've even put a full-size air mattress down and slept back there while camping last year and it was perfect! Extra hidden storage in the back. Sound system is pretty decent. Handles well with ice and snow. Sleek exterior design. 

Power of the 6 cyl, great on long trip exept for the electronic lag when deceleration to acceleration. Comfortable on the road, steer response good at highway speed. MPG fair highway driving. 

4wd, daytime running lights, fuel economy, storage.

Dual AC zone, hill assist control, downhill assist control, 3rd row seating. Amazing power and pickup

Horsepower, comfort, room, leather seats. Clever hidden storage spaces in rear. Rear seating is amazing, spacious and comfortable. Rear seats fold with a quick lever flip. Abundant storage space up front - 2 glove compartments and large armrest. Smooth ride. Will keep my RAV for many years.

Strong and quiet engine. Great handling for a big vehicle as it hugged all the CO/UT/AZ twists and turns. Rear storage space, especially the hidden hatch where a spare tire would be. Clever lever from the rear to pull the rear seats down. Rear seats recline, goes forward and back.

Dual glove compartment, auto shut off head lights, rear mounted spare tire, reclining/adjustable second row seats, hill start assist. 4wd lock for added traction. 

Size and comfort and ride.



Acceleration. Handling/driveability.

Handling, AWD, plenty of storage! I traded in a Gr. Caravan and w/a family of 4 haven't really felt cramped for room, even on road trips, under floor storage, instrument cluster lighting, better mpg than my van I traded, steering feel, smooth tranny shifts, iPod capability, exhaust/engine sound.

Styling, handling

Mileage, looks, fun and easy to drive

Handles great. Toyota reliability. Plenty of leg and cargo room. Inside is plain, but has everything you need. Daughter is 5 ft tall, but the visibility is awesome. Love the exterior looks.

Engine is great. Plenty of power and acceleration. Handles and rides nice. Tons of room in the back for 2-3 adults, with room for cargo. JBL stereo is above average, and having a subwoofer is nice. Climate control is a must. As is the moonroof. Fold down rear seats(with lever from cargo area) great.

The storage areas are well appointed. 2 glove boxes, nice center console, nice trunk storage area, cargo net setup is nice. 

mileage, hill start assist (this area is very hilly). reliability and safety.

Comfort, handling, acceleration, bluetooth, sound system, storage, reclining back seats, ability to fold back seats flat from back door.

nice looking, comfortable, security of all wheel drive, and flexibility of 3rd row - a lot cheaper to fit 7 in one car than take 2 with todays gas mileage.

Gas mileage and the power.

Bluetooth and radio controls on the steering whee.l Leather, power heated seats. Plenty of storage space. Nimble, good cornering, easy to handle. Doesn't ride or feel like a "truck". Spare tire on the back with cover helps to give the RAV a sporty look.

Smooth drive, Easy to drive with excellent turning radius. Lots of storage room. Extremely comfortable for 4 people and 5 people are easy fit. Accessories on center console are easy to see and use.

The V6 is a confidence booster on the highway.

Comfort, visibility, sound system, cargo space, correct floor height for ease of getting in and out, stability control and other safety features.

6 cylinder, 3.5L engine. 4WD. Auto-close moon roof. Lumbar support, electric driver's seat.

MPG, roominess, features, fit and trim on the interior, price, rear seating adjustments, ease of self maintenance, looks, value.

Bluetooth, dual climate control, large amount of storage, reclining rear seat.

Rock-solid feel; corners as if on rails; styling; fit & finish. 

The sporty suspension, black interior, rear door is cool to me, upgraded stereo rocks! Cup holders are sturdy, my kids dig the reclining rear seats! I need to hook up the Bluetooth and get a plug for my iPod. I love it all so far!

Functionality of cabin and V6 of course. Fuel economy is better than most. FYI on towing package: I purchased with tow prep and it does not include any wiring for the trailer hitch and/or the hitch itself. Add $300-1000 after purchase to be ready to tow anything.

Rear seats that adjust and recline. You can recline the rear seats from the back of the vehicle. Tons of extra storage space. 

Day running lights. All the numerous air bags. Two trip counters. The 12 volt plug in the back. Pretty quick acceleration for a 4 cylinder. Temp. reading.

Bluetooth, controls on steering wheel, dual temperature settings. Zippy pick up, fun to drive, plenty of storage room. Love the color - Blizzard white Pearlcoat. Love outside temp control which most cars now have. 

My favorite thing about the RAV4 is the powerful V6 engine. I also like the storage space, including the hidden compartments in the back.

The smooth and powerful V6 engine, agile steering, JBL premium sound system.

Toyota quality, really good fit and finish. Handling, the ride for what it is (a small truck really). The utility of space inside. It's the fastest sport ute on the planet behind the three times as expensive, half the gas mileage, and many more times the maintenance cost Porsche Cayenne.

Design, 18" wheels, fog lights, fold-down seating, price, middle arm rest, storage space, mp3 connection w/power, outside thermometer, stock radio surprisingly kicks!

Lots of storage room for camping.

V6 power with decent fuel economy on the highway (not so much in town). Lots of space for rear passengers and cargo.

Toyota quality and reliability with the entire car as to be expected with the exception of the cruise control. 

A short person appreciates the side opening rear door; the acceleration is great but not for a "lead foot" which really sucks the gas for poor mpg. 

6 cyl power/get up and go, driver's side comfort and ergonomic features, sunroof, backseats adjust for leg length, height, feels like a bigger car than it actually is.

Performance.

The power!

Exterior looks, V6 engine, MP3 capability, spacious interior, little gadgets here and there. 

Power and quiet of V6, fuel economy, JBL audio system, ease of entry and exit, Bluetooth, heated leather seating, the amount of available storeage, fold flat rear seats and size of rear cargo area.

Great steering, logical controls, smooth ride, tons of room (I'm 6'00", have no space issues). For what I paid, the luxury level inside is very high, lots of little touches that add to my comfort.

Handling and acceleration are excellent for a small SUV.

The amount of room inside - very spacious and it is very comfortable! I also love the power the V6 has and the 6 disc CD player. The design is nice too. It is bigger than the older RAV4s.

Quality stereo, no need to modify it! Traction control/ABS/AWD. 4cyl has plenty of power. Storage. Looks great. Maneuvers well, fun to drive. Although not a big vehicle, the interior feels spacious. The thick leather steering wheel feels great. Knowing we have Toyota's reliability and quality.

Smooth ride, fuel efficiency, compartments.

Exterior.

Fun to drive and smooth. Quiet engine with a lot of pep for a 4 cyl. Love the adjustable back seats. Mileage pretty good, but should get better with use. Get compliments on how nice the car looks. Went on vacation this week and it held my big boys comfortably and loads of beach stuff, too.

Interior ergonomics, exterior design, features for the price, solid feel of a SUVs costing twice as much.

Spunky v6 engine.

I really like the MP3 input in the armrest area. There is a cigarette lighter inside there as well to power it. Great job Toyota.

Acceleration is awesome. Folding the rear seats is simple, for a flat surface. Handling is confident. Rear seat room, especially, is great. Good mileage for a crossover SUV: 29 on hwy, but I generally drive solo with little cargo. Paint and finish are great. You don't need a step ladder to enter.

Styling great, rear seat fold down, great. Plenty of room for 4-5 and room in back for golf clubs, several.

Smooth driving, fast response, stable and good control. Excellent driving experience.

269 hp V6 that uses regular gas, interior room, outside temp gauge, back area levers to roll down second row seats, side air bags, daytime running lights, rear window wiper, moonroof, quiet ride and rear side opening door.

Looks and styling. Dash lay-out. Fine and quiet ride. So far, very comfortable.

I like that the car "beeps" when you lock/unlock it. I also like the radio controls on the steering wheel and the light above the center cup holders. It handles pretty nice on smooth surfaces and when driving on the highway. I like how the back seats fold. The cargo net and cover are neat.

Gas mileage as advertised; tight turning radius; good visibility; easy to maneuver; comfort; ample cargo space, storage cubbies and compartments.

