Bluetooth, paddle shifters, crumple zones, sound system. Lovely interior.

Power, handling, rear space for hauling, seat comfort, exterior design and overall looks. Very fun to use the paddle shifting and S transmission mode. A3 sounds great under hard acceleration and yet is quiet when cruising. Great stereo.



Fun car to drive.

Sound system is great. Love how quickly the car shifts in automatic.

DSG tranny is great for urban driving. More fun than a traditional automatic, less work than a clutch. Handy hill hold feature. Sky roof gives a cool vibe and lots of fresh air. Love it. Great motor, steering, brakes. You know, the stuff that counts. Impeccable Audi style inside and out.

Can haul a lot more stuff than my Lotus Elise, and although not near the performer as the Elise, still pretty fun to drive. Also, gets great gas mileage for the performance given. 

Steering wheel dials for radio; armrest in backseat; dual sun roof and moon roof; smooth drive; feel of the car

Auto trans., engine, interior, features, build and fit quality, safety features, exterior size, what a huge glove box on such a small car, and that's with the 5-disc CD system included.

Get up and go. Well designed, comfortable interior. IPod interface good. Roomy but small. 

Open Sky System, 6-Speed manual shifts excellently, 2.0T engine runs great, not too much electronic garbage, good gas mileage, great cargo room, good handling, exceptional performance, impressive cruise control, overall a great value for the money, superior build quality, excellent front cupholders.

Performance, fuel economy, styling, auto up/down windows, key fob, looks I get on the road while driving.

DSG transmission, Open Sky, exterior design, good gas mileage (without sacrificing the fun to drive factor).

Engine/transmission: Shifts faster than any one I know with absolutely no jerk. Speakers in rear doors: find myself looking in the back seat for the band. Illumination package is excellent.

Interior design, air vents, rear seats.

Transmission, suspension, turbo, brakes, visibility, steering wheel controls, gas mileage. Acceleration at all speeds. Looks inside and out. Roomy back seat and trunk for the size of the vehicle. Covered truck in a hatchback. Easy to park. Trip computer. 

Love the DSG, nice torque on the 2.0T and the fine balanced handling. The quality throughout is exceptional.

The DSG is incredible, though takes getting used to. The stereo also kicks. Car always feels very solid and you can tell the difference between AWD the FWD in cornering. Better (subjective) engine tone than 2.0T. Interior build quality and materials are incredible and comfortable on long drives.

Color. Looks. Sunroof. Big wheels and tires. 



DSG (I have only ever owned manuals - this is better!), interior plastics and overall build quality, stereo, handling like a freakin' slot car!, 2.0T in sport mode - much less turbo lag than standard auto, open sky.

Nav Plus system, 6-speed sport auto. trans., upgraded leather seats, open sky system, bluetooth phone prep, and the body kit of the S-Line. 

Flappy paddles and DSG, SD card slots, DID.

The paddle shifting and transmission. Great A/C. 

Tight turning radius, very nimble, very quick, very little torque steer, usable back seat and fantastic build quality.

Speed.

Interior fit and finish, turbo engine, handling.

DSG transmission and excellent fuel economy.

DSG cannot be beat. Quick changes and great sound.

Transmission, transmission, transmission.

Excellent paint and finish. Excellent interior materials, though the side seat bolsters are vinyl in leather equiped cars. Very nice sport seats.

Smooth euro sports car styling. Awesome handling. Full time all wheel drive a big big plus.

Nav system. Power. Style (inside and out). 

Open Sky System. Handling and acceleration. Wide temperature range on heated seats. Red interior lighting at night. 

Engine, DSG, looks, hatch. Great, great car.

The direct injection turbo 2.0 is smooth as glass and quick as a cat, but the DSG tranny is plain fantastic. From "drive" to paddle shifters, it makes magic on the A3. Gotta love the Audi interior quality and ergonomics; standard stereo is just fine and the trip computer keeps track.

6 speed DSG transmission, paddle shifting, nice interior design and form function. 5th door offers lots of storage opportunity. 

Engine/transmission combo, with DSG paddles (my first automatic ever). Beautiful interior, typical of Audi. Handling beats the TT (at least my early model.) Stand-up-and-shout Brilliant Red color. Great tactile sense in the interior design. My insurance company thinks it's a four-cylinder wagon!

Fits my 6'2" frame nicely, pleasure to drive on 500-800 miles day trips, seems like it almost turns by itself like a bobsled by just leaning one way or the other, well almost.

DSG rocks, sticks to the road like a bad reputation, 2.0T loves to run, leather seats are supportive/comfy and this car makes a 40 yr old have fun driving! Thought I'd miss the convertible, I don't! Oh, gas mileage has been great!

