Traction, visibility, versatility.

interior storage, functional roofrack,lots of fun to drive.



horsepower and torque, vehicle dynamic control which has saved me more than once.antilock brakes, excellent 4 wheel drive system.

Interior passenger and cargo space! Nice size SUV; not to small and not to large. Super-tight turning radius in tight spots. Love the "big ugly" burly appearance. 

Same as before.

I love everything about my 07 Xterra. It's perfect for me and my family. Looks like an SUV, handles beautifully, powerful and reliable. Great family vehicle for my family. 

The overall strength of the vehicle.



Sturdy construction, good handling, fun to drive. Good mechanical reliability so far.

Power, maneuverability. Roof storage is great for snow chains.

power nice. nice size.



Tons of power, drives like a real truck, back seats lay down flat, backend is plastic that is just wiped down to clean, thick steering wheel, smooth shifting, a goat offroad, positrack rear end with a locker, plenty of room with back seats laying flat, no frills, much less money than toyota.

Love the performance. Best SUV for the price.

Clutch start, VDC, dif lock, 6 speed man, Rockford sound, iPod adapter, rugged looks, int and ext storage, towing cap.

Interior comfort. Mechanically bullet proof. Easy to drive on or off road.

My favorite features are good view sitting up high, large engine with good excelleration, smooth seamless shifting between gears, dashboard controls are easy to find and use, large side mirrors, fit and finish is solid, fold flat rear seats for cargo storage, plug-in power outlet in rear cargo area.

The looks, plenty of storage, good interior room, excellent power & great off road!

Nice stereo with iPod jack. Fold flat front passenger seat. Rubberized interior in rear.

Engine, power, ride, vehicle dynamic control. Performance and traction in rain and snow is great, even in 2WD. Seats are comfortable, ride is very smooth & quiet. The protected cargo area is functional and just a great idea. It's a great balance of ride, power and handling that is hard to beat.

Acceleration, shape, room.

Smooth ride (not including potholes), fun to drive, good looking, fuel economy isnt too too bad (23 mpg average).

It is a powerful car with a great ride. Plenty of storage space. Roof rack is standard. Love the powerful stance and style.

Aux input for iPod, fold flat storage, good window visibility, quiet ride, robust truck mojo.

The aux input for the Rockford Fosgate system is great for use with my iPod.

Love the color, I get a lot of comments about it from strangers, super smooth ride on all surfaces, cargo area.

Engine power/torque, Nissan gives you a lot of car for the money! 



Power, 4WD, suspension, interior, appearance, space.

Fun to drive. Handles well. Well built.

261 hp, 281 ft lbs torque, 4.0 liter DOHC engine. I will gladly give up a little gas mileage for this power!

Rugged quality, smooth manual transmission, excellent sound system. Great shocks and lots of nice places to store dirty things (for us outdoorsy types).

Very fun to drive overall and the S-O-T-F 4-Wheel allows you go anywhere. Nice looking exterior, but easily mistaken for a Pathfinder.

Nine speaker Rockford Fosgate audio system w/ 8" subwoofer. Acceleration truck style.

This is a much more authoritative vehicle.

4x4 on the fly and the roof rack (the look and practibility). Oh yeah, the running boards also!

Build quality, looks, performance, smoothness of engine /drivetrain excellent auto tranny, superior interior, much more 4WD capable and aggressive capabilities. This is one of few affordable actual Colorado jeep trail capable 4WDs.

The availabitllity to be able to switch the shift of the fly wheel for the 4 by 4 mode really easy.

power, brakes, the option cargo organizer, all the little storage spots, stereo, 2 glove boxes, all the internal hooks to hold cargo down, cool factor....

Surprising comfort, drivability, Color, horsepower, acceleration, large cargo area, and a pretty nice stereo.

My favorites are listed above, but here are some more: very comfy seats, the roof-top compartment (for storing tow straps, snow shovel...), excellent brakes, rubber mats, wheel-mounted audio and cruise controls, lots of storage...

The body style is awesome. Its off road capability and its truck features are pretty cool.

Acceleration for merging and passing. Interior and rack versatility. Quiet, Comfortable interior. Rockford Fosgate Stereo(expensive, but better than some other factory units). Thorough package of off-road features in the OR model, plus VDC in wet, ice and slush.

Off Road package, bilstien shocks, swaybars, fit and finish.

Rockford Fosgate

High off the ground. Good on the highway and in the mountains. Looks nice and clean with a great design.

I would have to say its performance, safety, and reliability. This is my 3rd nissan and all of them have been safe and reliable. For the price of only $26,000 I get abs, airbags (front, side, curtain) traction control, vehicle dynamic control and tire pressure monitoring. 

fun to drive, and plenty of power. rides great at high speeds

roof rack, seats with neoprene and storage room

