Off the line punch, exhaust note, comfort, reliability.

Eagerness to go! Has one of the better navigation systems. Sound system is awesome. Looks beautiful in black. Seats.

AWD, 9 gig music box Hard drive for keeping a music library on hand, awesome engine, rock solid handling at 140mph in Montana. 

Power. Very smooth and quick acceleration. Engine note is wonderful. We tried the Nissan Altima Coupe with 3.5L first and noticed a drastic difference as soon as we sat in the G35. Braking is unbelievably good.

Great drive. Fast, fun and handles well. I like it better than my friend's Jaguar XK. Although he gets more stares. The sound system is incredible. 

push button entry and start, strong power plant

Body style, tight steering, quick acceleration. 

Looks, power.



Acceleration of the 3.5 V6. Quality of interior materials. Dashboard arrangement and gauge cluster. LED interior illumination.

Push button start, technology, smart key, wheels, dash board screen. Looks like a 50K car!

6mt (I love clutches that aren't forgiving and that requires some skill to drive smoothly), exterior design, and POWER POWER POWER

Handling and throttle response. The G35 must be on juice. 

Tech, tech, tech. Faster than any other car in the price range with these kind of features. 

Looks, audio, handling, ride (some reviews find the S version stiff; I don't), acceleration, warranty, timing chain.

Bluetooth phone system. Loads of torque and power. Interior and exterior styling.

interior design, performance, push button start. 

Sporty & luxurious feel, powerful torque, interior w/large standard 7" LCD display for audio, climate, fuel mileage, maintenance,comfort & convenience controls. Push start button, paddle shifters, heated seats, Bose speakers, Bluetooth and significantly more leg room in back seat than most cars in it's class.

Power. The features are easily learned. I didn't even read the book and quickly figured out how to use everything.

Keyless entry is the best I will never be able to be without that again! Sound system and power of car are great. The car has a good fit. The steering wheel controls are nice and everything is easy to get to. I can not stop looking at the car, it is so beautiful.

The handling and performance are superb.

Voice activated everything, rear camera, Bose sound system, paddle shifters, and 306 horsepowers with lots of torque!

Cornering at high speed. Sound of exhaust.

Navigation, rearview camera, paddleshifters, brakes, 9 GB hardrive. Useable cupholders! Beautiful dash display. Functional ergonomics!



Power, handling and ride quality, sound of the engine/exhaust, price, subtle yet sporty styling, push-button keyless start, 18-in wheels & tires package.

Speed and drive

Love the Nav, just learning it will keep me busy for awhile, the Nav manual is almost as big as the owners manual! Love the engine, the autorev on downshift and the way it doesn't "shift out from under you" as you lift for a turn!

Active Cruise--No need to touch the gas or break pedal on a 300 mile+ trip. You set the follow distance and let the car do the driving. Records each CD that you play-1000+ songs. Handling and power Navigation and phone features Active high intensity headlights Cockpit Smooth transmission etc.

blue tooth, interior, paint (lakeshore slate is gorgeous) keyless entry and power...just drove 300 miles after picking up car in a different state...got in a duel with a hemi loaded charger to a draw..of course i only have a v6 ..lol...

Keyless entry and push button start. Sound sys. Bluetooth.

Engine, road feel, technology, looks - very nice lines! The price is fair as well, looks of value for the money!

Push button keyless start, 306HP engine is fantastic, fine-vision instrumentation, dual exhaust/dual intake, feel of the steering wheel and automatic shifter, weather tight compartments for battery, electrical, and master cylinder. 18 inch wheels and tires, warranty.

Power, Acceleration, Handling, STEREO, 6 speed manual. Free oil changes, car washes, annual detailing, 2 year sched. maintenance, and more from dealership. Looking for reasons to go drive, and still driving after you can't think of any.

Has everything made for it and everything works!

Looks, performance, interior, bose sound system, platinum graphite color

Overall appearance

All high tech features, including voice activation of nav, audio, and climate control. Beautiful exterior and interior. Good driving position for smaller drivers.

Unbelievable Power, Great Sound Sys, Superb sound system, Compact Flash sound storage, 9gb music hard drive, Well-engineered, Smooth tiptronic trans, Technology Pkg, Back-up video camera, 3D Navigation, Bluetooth phone works great, Voice recognition works well once trained

4 Wheel Active Steer, Navigation, Backup Camera, Paddle shifters, optional AWD system that's RWD weighted. And the list goes on and on!!

Everything

tight handling. bluetooth phone system. audio and video inputs for your ipod or your xbox. throaty engine note. roomy interior, even in backseats. more than decent factory sound system, changer reads mp3. fit and finish is very good. love luxury of interior and aggressive exterior styling.

Roomy, sporty, and agile. Studio on Wheels - Compact Flash player, and copy CDs to onboard HardDrive.

Styling and the interior features are outstanding

Great power, exterior design, and comfortable interior.

Power,response, styling, Nav.system, Studio on Wheels sound system, etc., etc.

My favorite features include the power of the vehicle, the comfort and looks of the car, the sound system and the way it handles on the road.

Power, handling, back up camera, navigation, steering headlights, keyless entry, laser controlled cruise control and 100% quality control.

keyless entry and starting, sound system and voice commands.

Handling; acceleration, braking, cornering. Nav package, backup cam.,flowing lines, headlight tracking, quality work & materials throughout.

Power. Handling. Stereo sound and artist display on XM. Comfortable seats. 

Awesome power, great handling, great handsfree phone with bluetooth and great looks. Premium package a must

Styling int. and ext. Navi, stereo, engine power, quality, tech and premium packages, interior comfort, Xenon headlights, warranty and service, I like just about everything in the car!

Toggle shifter and radio



Compact flash slot, backup camera, turning headlights, external sound/video in ports

Voice Recog, dash coloring (cool blue and red), great stereo, FAASSSSSTTTT

The integrated nav/stereo/blue tooth setup is seamless and superb. The entire console electronically adjusts up and down and telescopes to you. The fit and finish of this car will pamper you. 



Great handling, and wonderful responses from under the hood. This car doesn't miss a beat. The very supportive seat bolstering is an added bonus if you intend to take advantage of its agility through the twisties. And then there's the exhaust note..........

Comfort + Performance + Beautiful styling + Lower price than comparable cars + Lots of attention to details and craftsmanship + Thoughtful interior design = Awesome Car! The car is also less pretentious than a BMW or Mercedes.

Bose Stereo, Nav system, Bluetooth, Voice and touch activated. A/V jacks in center console, intelligent key technology.

Performance, paddle shifters

Comfort, no key door opening and no key ignition start. Great body design. Package features are perfect.

World Class Performance for peanuts, quality and curb appeal.

Absolute perfect balance of performance and luxury. Quality leather interior, abundance of standard technology in the interior cabin, excellent suspension and wheels, and 306 horses to play with. 

Powerful engine just push the throttle a little and you will notice at once whats hiding beneath the hood. the exterior is a piece of art.





Styling, performance, interior comforts and features, and value. 

The looks, handling and acceleration.

Engine of course. Stereo system, push button start, headlight design, center screen is high tech and you can watch DVD's on it (hook up to center console), cornering,and 0-60.

Build quality, styling, comfortable (and relatively roomy) interior, abundant power, plus it's a Nissan (I've got two others with combined 270k miles and virtually no troubles). Infiniti has hit the mark with a reliable, fun-to-drive (Toyota, are you listening?), RWD performance sedan.

Driving smooths out quite a bit after the break-in period and the automatic transmission conforms to your driving style very nicely. (Manual transmission is still the way to go.)

PADDLES, voice

Looks, Quality, Engine, Sound System,Seats, Ergonomics in general.

Real time traffic, bluetooth, 306hp, Intelligent key (think "Comfort Access" in the BMW world)

Engine power, all-wheel drive, sporty seats, exhaust note, stealthy appearance

Re-design of the car, both interior & exterior, are very pleasing. Handles exceptionally well, engine is very responsive. Seems like the car was put together quite well, and very solid. 

Very comfortable seating. Excellent sound system. Awesome power.

my favorite features would be the styling of the car and the great performance of the motor. 

Acceleration, Bose sound system, handling, electronic key.

Bose sound system with integrated blue tooth.

Design -- inside and out. 

Purchased model: Sport-6MT Premium/Tech/Nav. 6 speed manual gearbox, 18" wheels, Intelligent Cruise Control w/ preview braking, Voice recognition for climate control/audio/information/navigation systems, Studio on wheels sound system, Intriguing interior, Bluetooth hands-free phone system.

interior , display, handing, lines, stereo

Engine, exhaust note, audio

Xenon Adaptive Headlights, Upgraded Bose stereo system is incredible. The LCD screen looks clean and crisp(Better than BMW) Rear monitor guides you in backwards perfectly. Ride is smooth and quiet, can do 80 mph and not even know it. Horsepower!!!! The leather is soft and extremely comfortable.

Acceleration and handling.

xenon hids, 10 speaker / 3 sub BOSE sound system (pretty good for stock) lcd screen, engine hp/tq output, interior leather and dash finish, 

Navigation is a must have for my occupation. I did not get these options on mine, but the sports package with the race car shifters and the back up cameras are very nice options.

Voice navigation, music box, magnesium paddle shifters on steering wheel, and oh yeah..."Acceleration swell".

CD hard drive recorder Reactive cruise control Performance and handling Voice operated navigation and phone

306 horsepower engine, auto lights, keyless entry, Bose stereo.

backup camera, NAV, support compact flash card!

Nav system has the best interface and display I've ever seen. Very effective voice recognition. Ample power if you want to get up and go.

Spend money for the tech package. Adaptive headlights illuminate the area really well at night. Once you try it, you won?t want a car w/o them. Also, the CD burner is superb! Simply put a CD in the slot & it will play. A record button appears on screen. Tap ?record? to burn it to the hard drive.

Navigation system, Bluetooth, Compact Flash slot, hard drive, 306 HP AWD. 

Premium package, 18 inch wheels, the inviting interior, comfortable seats, strong engine and brakes.

Much improved exterior, improved quality interior, powerful and responsive engine and most importantly fun to drive!

Acceleration and looks. 

AWD, Bose "Music Box", Rippin V6 powerband..



The interior is just plain gorgeous. I love the rose wood. The stereo (which didn't impress me that much when I test drove) is really great - you can feel the music much more than you could in my Audi A4 with Bose. Navigation, Voice Commands, and NavTraf make me feel like I'm piloting a space ship.

Best features: engine, smooth power, comfort, new style, bose stereo.

Nav, 4 wheel active steer, push button start, Music box.

Nav. system and Bose sound system. It is the best I have ever heard in a vehicle. Handling is top notch.

Power, interior comfort. LCD screen for radio, a/c is excellent. 

Interior quality. Tech package with bluetooth, rearview camera, laser- assisted cruise, and hard-drive for mp3's. 

Design, power, steering feel, brakes.

Brakes, shifter, forged wheels, styling, performance capability, exhaust note, relatively roomy for a sporty coupe.

Technology - back up camera, navigation package, interval maintaining cruise control. Interior comfort and design.

Power, handling, style both interior and exterior. Nav is way useful when you don't know where the hell you are. Sound is great. Also love the compact flash reader for tunes.

Performance and handling. Nice stereo. Exterior styling and wheel design. Blue tooth. Interior design and execution. HID headlights. Push button starting. Excellent value for luxury vehicle. 

6MT is fun to drive. I like the orange stitching on the steering wheel, and the fine attention to detail. 

Great sports ride. Nice sound system, beautiful wheels and handling, very comfortable seating.Standout design, except for near copy-cat 09 Maximas.

Interior, look, navigation, controls (very intuitive).

Push button start, auto up windows, the subtle but ever present exhaust note, swivel headlights, ICC (Intelligent Cruise Control).

Brakes, radio, XM, seats, style, performance, sound of the engine, pickup in traffic.

Great looks and performance. Good brakes. Nice interior

The nav of course, bluetooth, bucket seats in the back, the fact that it's almost impossible to lock the keys in the car.

Endless power, especially in the midrange. Rosewood trim, all wheel drive, Refined interior, good sound system, great styling, bluetooth worth its weight in gold. 

Handsfree, paddle shifters, bose sound system, engine performance. The car is like a rocket! 

All of the technology my car offers. I purchased the G35x with all 3 packages and everything was well worth the cost. The G is just fun to drive. It's powerful acceleration, safety and handling are a must for the road. I have over 1,500 songs stored on the internal hard-drive. I love it!

The all wheel drive is probably my favorite feature. it made the ride quite enjoyable. 

Navigation system and keyless entry, front part of the car (design)

Great acceleration/power, excellent braking, impressive quality of car (interior & exterior), love multi- driver seat memory, interior wood trim, comfort, stability of drive in different road conditions, smooth ride. 

Comfort and style mixed with great power! Love the hands free bluetooth.

Love the sound system and performance of the vehicle. Intelligent cruise control and the adaptive head-lighting is the best feature ever! Can't live without them!!

The ride, smooth.

Technology features.

The styling, ride and car interior

Power, ride and handling

Power, interior, navigation.

6 speed manual. Nothing really stands out -- they're all doing it, now. German cars have more/better bells and whistles.

Technology package is amazing. Have to spend 60k on a Euro brand to get this much geekology. 

Roomy interior, great handling, fun drive. Refined lines with aggressive powerplant. Can't ask for much more. A great drive every day sports car.

Driveability, handling, braking, Bluetooth phone feature, Xenon headlights,the design and looks of the car. Begs to be driven and is exciting to drive.

XM with real time traffic, 9.5GB hard drive, push button starter w/ smart key, aluminum alloy wheels.

Power, handling, braking, 5 speed manumatic w/algorithmic learning in sport mode, 18" wheels w/ Z rubber, solid construction, modern good looks, excellent nav and music systems, Bluetooth phone link, dash and seat materials, long wheelbase = better rear passenger space and trunk space for class.

Blue tooth, navigation, leather seats with Infiniti logo, beautiful sleek exterior, horsepower is by far my favorite.

The variable auto-trans modes, full auto, full auto sport, shifter controlled sport, and paddles that can be used in any mode when needed, even full auto.

Bluetooth, navigation, Music Box (hard drive), high tech cockpit.

Power! 

Interior and bluetooth phone connectivity.

306-hp performance; exterior lines; manual-shift sport mode; Bose "Studio on Wheels" sound system; bluetooth.

Color, acceleration, styling except for the front grille (feminine), wheels and tires and their performance.

Navigation, design, power and handling.

Engine power, design (looks), quality, comfort.

The center console monitor can be hooked up to a video iPod, you can watch your videos/movies when the parking brake is set. Bose system sounds great, love the 18" performance wheels.

This car has everything. The music options are top notch, a hard drive, a flash card holder, iPod connection, 6 cd changer.

Great performance, I think it out performs my high perf 2005 coupe. Also, the 4 wheel drive, GPS, technology package, key fob, and it's quiet. Great wheel package but would like wider tires.

Aside from its sexy looks, the GPS nav system, voice recognition, bluetooth for your phone, and XM satellite traffic info are incredible. The handling, acceleration, and overall performance sell the car without the added luxury features. People often stop and stare at the sexy beast.

Technology is great. Bluetooth, nav, keyless entry, voice activation on everything, built in mp3 copies dvds. Traffic nav, sat radio, all controls on the wheel.

Paddle shifters, 18" rims, navigation, seats, power.

Engine power. Handling. Stereo. Comfort (front and back seats).

Navigation, voice recognition, backup camera, power and handling.

Handling in corners, acceleration, high redline, stylish.

Technology (satellite radio, Bluetooth, very good navigation system, voice recognition, rear view camera), sports wheels, responsiveness and ride.

Love the nav, keyless entry just walking up to the car, the XM radio, the style of the car, the A/C is so cold, the Bluetooth is fantastic, seats great. Hot car!

Navigation system; interior appointments; voice recognition for controlling systems; the sheer power of the engine; exterior design, upgraded tires and wheels. The front feels like a cockpit and that is great.

Bang for your buck, exterior design, good warranty.

The powerful engine and exterior design. The brakes are incredible.

Music hard drive, horsepower, controls and dashboard.

Great lines. It looks beautiful from almost any angle. Awesome power. The exhaust note is pure music. No need for the stereo. Neat display. Comfy interior. Controls are well placed and easy to figure out. Great keyless entry. Handling is amazing for a sedan. Can't wait to try it out in the snow.

Ready power and secure handling combinng heft and agility. Ten speaker Bose stereo system is excellent. Controls are easily learned.

Tech toys.

Exterior look, short-throw shifter, bluetooth phone connection, jacks for iPod, both audio and video. Dual climate controls. Adjustable bolsters on driver's seat. Control from the voice command system and the steering wheel.

 

The car performs beautifully. Acceleration felt quicker than the 330i. Handling is on par with the bimmer. The car feels very solid and gives you confidence when you drive it. 

Stereo, music hard drive/flashcard, and acceleration, exhaust note.

Acceleration, bluetooth, voice command and back-up camera. 

Where do I start? The 9.5 gigabyte hard drive for downloading music, the well placed look and ease of use on all interior amenities, look of the exterior (mine is black), the ease of use of the Bluetooth technology and all of the amenities that came with the car.

Engine smoothness and response, steering and handling, firm but supple and controlled ride, AWD, Sound system, and looks of the car (a head turner).

Navigation... simply the best!

none. lost confidence in new vehicle that can't start cold on first try

Hands free Bluetooth is great, just takes some time to program your numbers. Interior is great, powerful engine and exterior design. More front and rear leg room than the Audi.

AWD is automatic much like limited slip differentials except forward to backward. Can be locked in for snow. Opted for the African Rosewood trim, worth every penny at $450. Its real, solid wood and takes the interior with wheat leather far beyond BMW. Audio cannot be described. Must be heard.

Nissan V6 306 hp, price, comfort, AWD, and technology - huge step up from my 2003 Jetta GLI. More value then Audi, Lexus, BMW.

Power, handling, feel, look and stereo.

Accelerates like a rocket both from zero and highway passing. Definitely get a radar detector! Corners like on rails. Four wheel drive is excellent in the snow. GPS very good. Sound quality great. AWESOME exhaust note.

Engine, nav system, keyless ignition.

Acceleration, better sound, great electronics, great display, great handling.

Intelligent key, acceleration, stereo, handling.

Performance and comfort. Technology - especially back up camera and navigation system. Styling. A complete package!!

Great engine in term of perforamce and acceleration. Love the leather seats, the compact flash drive for music, the build quality, love the bluetooth, love the room in the back seat, the voice command function and the exhaust sound.

Navigation with voice command, Bose stereo, Bluetooth, handling, pickup, just about everything. 

Voice navigation and controls amazing. Interior details and sport look and feel all the way around.

Love the adaptive headlights at night, back-up camera is great, 4WAS suspension on S is just right.

