I love the seat coolers and heaters, the sun roof etc...

Keyless entry, iPod port, heated and ventilated seats, power rear shade, quiet ride, the stock stereo is amazing, quality, reliability, and sheer beauty of the vehicle.

rain sensing windshield wipers, auto headlights, rear end cooling helps the leather cool quickly on hot days :o) and side mirrors that auto adjust down when reversing into parking stalls to help you see the stall lines with no effort

Nice looking exterior and interior, pretty good gas mileage, AFS xenon's, cooled seats.

Radio/ MP3 player, sleek look

Heated/cooled seats, navi system, headlamps, stereo system

It is made for short people.

I love the drive, comfort and look.

I love the navi, wood grain, sleek and sporty. This is a great great daily driver. I hate putting miles on it. Awesome sound system! 

Very comfortable for a guy my size. Four doors was a big step for me, so the back seat is fine. Trunk holds two sets of golf clubs. Nav is pinpoint accurate, BT phone is great and call quality is crystal clear on their end. Stereo is very decent for a stock system. Beautiful head turning car!

My favorite features are the Bi-Xenon lights and the perforated seats.

Refinement. Comfort. Handling. Toys (satnav, bluetooth, etc.) plus AC seats in hot climates

The handling and how pretty it is.

More comfortable inside (and nicer looking inside) than a BMW, smooth ride, smooth (though underpowered) engine, looks great, very cheap for a relatively refined car.

Comfort, design and appearance.

Keyless entry, push button start, heated and cooled seats, XM... too many to list.

Interior's comfy 

Interior design and leather seats

Love the interior leather, love the cluster and its white bright lights and they way the cluster shows you are going to redline. Have taken IS 250 to 140 MPH and handles like a champ! Love taking this car on the S curves on the weekends!

Great styling, good gas mileage (premium gas) comfortable front seats. Lexus service is first-class.

This car really is hot and sexy. Nice interior layout and features. Keyless entry is great. PG gas mileage for car class. Heated and cooled seats are great. Base stereo system is VG. 

AWD, heated and cooled seats, Interior design, exterior design (best in class), keyless entry/push start, audio system.

seats, lighting, handling, reasonably priced compared to competitors



Styling - sporty, edgy design. Hot/Cold Heat/Ventilated Seats Paint - high quality, pearl paint Keyless Entry Smooth ride

Fuel economy, styling, stereo, features, wood dash, and mp3 player interface. Great 6 cylinder engine.

exterior styling

Lighting, GPS/nav, electronic features, style, smooth drive train system.

Too many to list.

Comfort, looks, price.

Heated (cooled) leather seats. 

Navigation, Mark Levison sound system, heated and cooled seats, voice activated controls.

Leather seats are so buttery you will want to eat them. Silent while driving. Overall looks are a killer. Power plus. Paddle shifters are a hoot! 

Smart access, navigation with bluetooth, heated/ventilated seats. 

Smooth engine, exterior design. 

Interior and exterior ighting features, adaptive head lights, smooth ride.

Heated and cooled seats, navigation, rear back-up camera, keyless ignition.

Backup camera, nav system, touch screen controls for all accessories, comfortable seats, quiet ride.

Leather, heated/ventilated seats, back up camera, navigation system and trunk space.

SmartKey, cooling seats (Arizona favorite), back-up cam, interior lighting, excellent computer and navi system, sound quality, and most of all the lack of exterior noise!

Style, comfort options.

18" wheels, tight suspension, great seats, great stereo, fun car!

Navigation, heated/cooled seats, comfortable seats.

Keyless system is GREAT, bluetooth, vented seats, nav.

The automatic fresh air system and the ventilated seats... why didn't someone think of this sooner? The overall balance and refinement is superb.

Heated and cooled seats, 10 power adjustments for both front passengers, mp3/ipod port, 6 disc cd changer, smart key technology, navigation is way easier to use, back up camera, bluetooth, heated outside mirrors, LED interior dome lights, xenon headlights.

Power button! HID headlights that move with your car, heated/ventilated seats (perfect for Arizona), never having to take my keys out of my purse. Gas mileage around 30 MPG. Large glove box. Homelink.

Seat design, controls, cockpit gauges and Mark Levinson stereo system.

Silky smooth engine. Stylish design from inside out. Superb sound system even with the Lexus' own. Great gas mileage. Good enough horses for everyday drive (I don't race, I drive). Sporty yet elegant dash design. Huge exterior rearview mirrors!

Keyless entry by touch and push button start, nav, bluetooth, rear camera, and cooled seats.

AWD, GPS, tilt down mirrors and backup camera in reverse, auto sunshade, push button start, keyless entry, corner tracking headlamps.

Navigation system, stereo/6-cd player, heated/cooled seats, tight control.

The exterior - I mean it's awesome!! Rear back up camera, iPod hook up, and the ventilated seats. Also the cashmere colored interior makes the maple trim pop! I love the HID lights - you can see forever!

The keyless ignition is always a fun trick and has proven useful on several occasions. The tiptronic allows for some more free revving fun and the looks of the car, both inside and out, are arguably best in class. 

All the standard options. Love the sequential shift.

Navigation -- Heated/cooling seats -- Interior Design -- Lexus known quality. Driving experience is only slightly below BMW (I know, I had a 3 Series).

18" wheels, HID headlights w/ AFS, heated/ventilated seats, shark fin antenna, and "stock" stereo system (sounds pretty good to me!).

Nav, way it drives.

Never having to take my keys out. Bluetooth/navigation system... didn't think I'd use the nav as much as I have. Standard sound system is great (makes me wonder how the upgraded system must sound). Seats are super comfortable, and the ventilated seats are great (especially living in South Florida).

Keyless entry is well thought out and so very useful. The sound system is great and links very well to an iPod. My favorite part of all is the pleasure I get driving it as this car really does drive so well. Am looking forward to trying out the cooled seats in the summer too!

Looks, keyless entry, quality of materials, cabin ergonomics.

Nav system, bluetooth hands free phone, satellite radio sound great.

Push button start/stop, navigation, exterior and interior design, level of standard features.

The start button (it is better design than the BMW). Auto entry. Cool look. Seats.

Keyless entry, reverse camera, voice command, interior and exterior lights are fabulous. Driving.

Bluetooth and MP3 player integration, AWD, sound system, headlights.

Headlights that turn with the car (really cool), the radio, MPG is around 30, and fun to drive.

Button on the dash changes the car to normal, sport or snow mode. It's much more responsive in sport mode- downshifts earlier and remains in the lower gears longer. Gas consumption suffers, but it's a blast. Love the adjustable speed warning light and keyless entry/start button. No key needed. 

This is my first time with nav so I am digging that, also think it spruces up the dash more so than the non nav. Like the heated and cooled seats and the economy, it is incredible.

AWD and I guess I'd have to say the dvd nav system.

Black on black super looker!

Styling interior and exterior, interior materials, auto wipers that adj perfectly to the amount of rain and your speed,guages, sound system (ML).

Nav, seats, backup camera, audio and gas mileage!

Heated and cooled seats, Smart access with push button start/stop

Excellent shape design, comfort handling & seat.

The dashboard electronic displays are amazing. Both the front and back seats are extremely comfortable. The paddle shifters for the automatic version are perfect. The air conditioned and heated seats are my absolute favorite since I live in Southern California.

Headlights, navigation system, best audio system I have ever heard in a car.

The keyless entry, the comfort of the seating, the quiet and smooth drive.

Backup camera, HID lights at night, NAV capability, Bluetooth phone and cooled seats.

Push-button Smart Access; Puddle Lamps; 13-speaker standard radio has good sound; instrument panel with several driver info features, HID/AFS headlights; adequate power for everyday driving = good fuel economy; lots of luxury and safety features, very smooth ride; GREAT looking car inside and out!

Ventilated seats, keyless entry, paddle shifters.

Nav system, paddle shifts.

Navigation, ventilated seats, rear camera, GAS mileage!!! :), the interior and exterior design of the car.

Navigation system

