Seating position and large front windshield. Rear parking sensors.

very comfortable ride, quiet, hassle free controls, high seating, great crusier on highway, easy city driving, more room than I'll ever use. Last owner installed Michelin Hydro Edge tires 4k B4 I bought: strongly recommend these tires; great grip and no better tires for this car.

The 3.0 liter V-6 give us enough power especially when coupled with the continuously variable transmission. We love the smooth functioning of the powertrain.

3.0 V6 DOHC, Large trunk, Sound system

Highway Mileage, roominess & comfort. Big trunk size

comfortm style, safety



Transmision, four wheel drive, high sitting, 18 inch wheels, a real plus for elderly people

Classy style, 18" Pirellis and chrome rims, luxurious interior, great gas mileage for a luxury sedan, all wheel drive.

Great ride, corners excellently, dependable, Roomy, great rear passenger room, easy entering and exiting even if you have severe arthritis in your knees,( not like the poor design of Impala ), many extras, great leather seats, great design and looks, maintains alignment and great MPG

Dash top storage, navigation, rear seat legroom, incredibly large trunk, high seating position.

Large trunk, lumbar support, stereo, drive, value, safety, and American. 

Sunroof, stick-to-the-road feel of the ride, fuel economy, roominess, trunk capacity

Rear sensor and adjustable pedals. Also the wide open views. Overall gas mileage has been very good right at 30 MPG highway and 22-23 city, great for a car of this size.

Safety features and trunk space. Luxury looking interior. No blindspots.

Large trunk space, the grille, back seat space is very roomy.

Interior is very nice and spacious, decent mileage. I actually like the styling, especially compared to the previous Taurus's

Audio controls on steering wheel, heated seats a nice safety rating.



Easy in and out, large trunk, excellent visibility, smooth ride.

It has all the luxury and comfort. The car is priced right. Plenty of truck space. 

Room... headroom especially. Power leather seats, 6- speed transmission, Pirelli tires, adjustable pedals, safety features, memory seats, lay-down rear seats, back up sensors, sunroof.

The car looks good inside and out. The chrome package really sets it off. 

Satellite radio, 18" tires, large trunk.

Trunk, seat comfort. Classy, understated looks.

Comfortable seats. Power everything. Large back seats that lay down, very cool! Huge trunk. Great color, fire red. 29 MPG. Power to spare. Impressive handling. I felt safe and large! I got a great family deal price too!! The memory seats are great too. Nice sound system. So far I love it!

Radio controls on the steering wheel and ride comfort.

Comfort, handling, quality of workmanship.

The steering ability, turning flat corners, parking and getting out of close areas.

AWD system, adjustable peddles, ride height and actual ride of the car. Pirelli P6 18 inch tires.

Surprisingly, the backup sensors. Very good stereo, although speed volume control doesn't seem to work. CVT transmission.

Mileage for such a large car. Large trunk with folding seats. Comfort, quiet, 6 disk radio is good, dual auto heat/air. Many exta features. Price

Dash display is very nice. Plenty of storage compartments, garage door opener hideaway, in dash compartment for glasses and badges, center compartement is huge. I'm 6'2 and I fit in both the front seat and back in total comfort. Adjustable peddles, tild and seat controls are excellent.

Didn't know how much I would enjoy the Navagation feature and moonroof. For me the wide windows, comfortable seat. Pleasant quiet drive. Great steering. I feel the mileage is super.

Dashboard, engine sound when starting, trunk, back seat space, front seat space, speakers/radio, cup holders, how easy it is to park

Have the limited and love all the extras! Went from a 2001 Taurus to this and it's great!

Large gas tank, computer readout on dash, nice base stereo, quiet ride and nice, heavy steering feel. 

Six speed transmission power from 40 -75 mph. Seat height and comfort. Plain, elegant, and timeless look. Firm ride and solid feel. Stereo is good. Air is really cold and has rear vent. T dash mounted box, works really great for portable GPS - California does not allow any windshild mounts!

Stability and feeling of safety.

Roomy inside for family, but the car does not look huge on the outside. It has the 6 CD changer that plays MP3 or regular CD's. It passes wonderfully and handles great. 

Looks, comfort, room, fuel economy.

Sunroof. Leather, AWD, high ceiling in cabin - I am 6'2'' and have (finally) enough room. Still learning the rest. Driven it all of 21 miles so far.

Quiet interior, great sound system, and drives well in the snow. 

Interior room and comfort, trunk space, highway passing response, good quality so far with no real problems to report.

Chrome wheels, premium stereo, and interior comfort. 

View while seated & roominess.

Reliable AWD, great safety cage and airbags, love moonroof. adequate head and leg room. So happy to have decent mileage for both economic and ethical reasons. I think the car is pretty. Like practical, somewhat minimal interior. Love fold flat back and front passenger seats. CVT engine is smooth.

Roomy. Back seat & trunk space are outstanding.

Driver info/messenger center with mpg, distance to empty, trip meter etc. I like having a compass and external temp. Fantastic all wheel drive, great headlights and perimeter lighting. the cargo and passenger room. 5 year, 70,000 mile warranty is great. 30-33 mpg highway at 65 mph, 27 at 70mph.

Interior room. 



Auto headlight switch, large trunk, gas mileage.

Handling/spaciousness.

Really roomy interior and amazing trunk space. Nice instrumentation. User friendly.

Moonroof, CVY, backup beepers, leather, seat comfort.

 We love the interior looks and the ease of operation.

Adjustable pedals and safety systems.

Driving it and interior room and layout.

Four wheel disc brakes and overall performance.

The interior ROOM layout and many places to put important things. The seating and visual stance. This car 'rides-drives-handles' like a champ!

I really like the interior and the performance of the car.

