I enjoy the ride and all the space in back seat its room through n through. I like the sound system and seat warmers. 

I like the space. Used to love the driving experience but the longer I own it the more its same as any other car I guess one bad experience at the gm dealer makes me feel that way. 

Good mileage & utility, comfortable. Large side mirrors. Convenient steering wheel controls.

Rear space, stearing wheel controls (I can turn down my kids music without them realizing it), waxes really great, shiny, and most of all in todays economy the gas mileage is great!

Easy to use cruise control, liftgate instead of a door, HUGE underfloor storage compartment in back, infinitely configurable, great visibility, larger than standard side doors making in/outloading that much easier, extra storage compartment in dash easier to reach than glove box. Superior mpg.

Remote Start standard, power everything, unique styling, peppy 4- cylinder

The exterior of the HHR, it reminds of an old woody and a miniature version of the old Chevy Panel wagon I also enjoy the remote start that came standard, the mp3 adapter and the heated leather seats!

Styling, reliability, integrity, gas mileage, hauling capacity.



Heated leather, good fuel economy, styling, steering wheel radio controls, Pioneer sound system

The design. Good mileage. 

Looks are great.

Ride, no noise in cabin, comfortable seats, sound system is great!

Gas mileage, the black on black look. Sporty, and the remote start came standard!

Love the styling outside and sporty feel inside

The chrome and shape of the HHR.

XM radio with 260 watts.

Seats, ride, dash, room for stuff, black chrome on LTD edition package, no OnStar.

The styling both interior and exterior are my favorite features, but most of all I love the versatile trunk feature with the two levels. We can put the baby stroller on the bottom and load 2 weeks worth of groceries on the top self above it, great idea!

Fold-down back seats supply amply room for transporting large items.



Excellent retro-looking exterior design (biggest reason why I bought one); very quiet and comfortable and fun to ride; plenty of cargo space.

I like the amazing list of standard features

Styling, fuel economy, fit and finish, DIC (driver information center), interior room and Pioneer sound system! No problems at all so far. Body is very tight.

Looks and comfort, plus MPG

Excellent ride. Great gas mileage. Supurb handling. Plenty of room.

Like it all. 

Fun to drive and very economical

The style. The front end looks like an old Chevy '51 pickup. It brings me back in the good old day's of the muscle cars.

The audio plug so that we can use the IPOD is great!

Radio, remote start, heated seats, color, leather interior is top notch, auto headlights, hook up for mp3 player, compass on rearview mirror, little compartment in the center of dash, shiny chrome sets it right off, gas mileage, and so much more...

The sunroof, heated seats, and remote starter are just a few of the nice features. I didn't get to enjoy it for very long. Looking forward to getting better aquainted with the features when my new one comes in.

Audio is great, styling of the two tone interior is fine. The heated seats and air conditioning are outstanding. I can haul about anything I wish in the rear.

I have to say my favorite feature is the ability to start the vehicle from inside the house. In Florida, this feature is great for a cool interior 5 min before you leave the house.

Mileage like a car, but room inside like a SUV. 

25 to 27 mpg so far.

The roundness of the car. Dashboard, and interior. The look and feel. Hatchback. The shoulder strap lower for my height, which I love.

In the world of look-alike cars, it's hard to find something distinctive. It's different enough from the Cruiser to be unique, and not like anything else. The retro look appealed to me. I'm tired of the "organic" look of most cars today.

Center dash compartment. Remote start. Heated leather seats. Lots of room

Solid build feel, great mpg, nice handling. So many standard features. A real head turner

Sunroof, leather, black chrome wheels, plastic lined cargo area, stick shift, stereo with satellite, CD, MP3 and iPod, controls on the steering wheel.

Retro styling of the exterior and interior. Cargo space is great when seats are folded down. You can fit a 27" bicycle. Roomy backseat area for larger adults.

Sun roof, remote start, great mileage, and the stereo. I love not banging my head on the roof when I get in the vehicle

Like it all

Remote auto start! Sunroof (I like the pop-up shield to block some of the wind), iPod jack, quiet and smooth ride and awesome stock radio. I don't even have the top of the line radio and that little thing rocks out; like the noise cancellation feature that makes it louder while you're on the road!

Lots of leg/head room and the trunk space is more than enough for all of my needs. Love the look too and smooth ride.

Leather interior, cargo space, gas mileage, head and leg room

Styling, comfort, apperance, and out and out durability. Great fuel mileage

Sunroof has a pop up that helps with wind noise and I had graphics put on to cut the total white paint now it is really cute. It has a spoiler that makes it even more sporty.

Tells you when to change the oil. I will have way over 10,000 before the oil change. The sunroof is fun too after I had it replaced due to scraping and that ruined the glass. I like that all the seats lie down completly flat and the drivers seat does also.

Style, trip computer, black seats to hide kids messes! Fuel economy, long distance comfort. Driving a econo car that gets noticed is a bonus

Smooth drive. Very comfortable. Plus the inside is pretty 

Great retro body styling of vehicle. Total blast to drive ? consider the 5- speed transmission. Room for the whole family - including the dog (golden retriever). Location of oil filter element (front right side on top of engine). Large side mirrors (compensates for the poor rear window visibilty.

Handling. Small size makes it easy to park and maneuver in small places, yet it has a lot of hauling capacity, especially with the rear seats folded flat.

My favorites are gas mileage. I like how smooth car rides. I love the color, I got the gold. I like the fact that windows where already tinted. Super affordable for the used one I got. Glad I got this car and not PT cruiser. I see those every few blocks. I rarely see HHR and I like that. 

Remote start, leather seats, sunroof, radio with MP-3 playing ability and MP3 input jack, steering wheel controls, exterior and interior design, chrome wheels, highway mileage, interior space, driving position, turning radius, ecotec motor - with decent power, reliability, fold down seats. 

I can't say at this point that I have any.

Fold down flat seats really work for me. This car would be an inexpensive work truck because it can hold 8 foot chunks of lumber no problem. And lots of tools. You can't do that in a standard 4x4 truck because the box isn't big enough. The lumber hangs out the back of the truck.

Like the looks. Engine is good for a 4 banger. Plenty of room inside.

I love the dark tinted windows. I love the fact that I can choice to make a back cover to hide presents or whatever under it. The seats folding flat in back are wonderful! The MPG and info center are great! 

Style, room, jack for ipod or mp3, seat comfort, gas mileage, information panel



Upright seating position makes it really easy on my bad knees. My last car, a Toyota Corolla, was hard on them and I was only able to drive for about 60 miles at a time. This HHR I am able to make it over 500 miles without my knees aching.

Auto start. Gas milage on the highway. Ability to haul anything that an SUV can with twice the mileage.

The look, the accessories, and it's fun to drive as well as roomy for shopping and traveling.

All what more is there. I also like the cut holders.

Seating, and used to be the look.

Styling, mileage, information center. Car came standard with many nice features which left my old Ford Taurus seeming to be lacking in creature comforts.

I love the manual 5 speed transmission!

Comfort great, sound tight, auto built well

Interior room, handling, fuel economy.

Sunroof, remote start, heated seats, PAL for my iPod & heck, I even like the window button & cup holder placements (I don't eat in my car, so no big deal & only window I open is sunroof!). Lots of cool and inexpensive mods out there to personalize it.

Remote starting, cargo layout, 5 function drivers seat.

I love the look of the vehicle, completely different than the PT Cruiser. I also like the color options, mine is sunburst orange, very catchy.

I love the circular vents. These help greatly without having dual climate controls. The lumbar support and driver seat adjustments are great. The ability to program numerous radio stations on a favorite list has been nice.

Road handling. smooth ride "like a magic carpet" and mileage

Cargo space

Design features, ergonomics, use of space and ease of driving.

Five speed, stereo, seats,cargo area, digital readouts, turning radius, comfortable to drive, storage compartments.

Head/leg room, easy handling, cruise control on steering wheel, sound system, light for console controls, dash cubby, and comfortable ride.

Heated seats / moon roof / Hi- Amplified seven speaker stereo W/ MP3 imput (sounds great).

Auto start, traction control,ABS, XM radio and upgraded Pioneer sound system. Also the overall look of the vehicle is pretty cool from my perspective.

Audio system! 6 CD changer, XM, 7- speaker Pioneer audio, and heated leather seats make this car truly a joy to drive every day. Ice cold AC, and remote starter, I live in Central Florida and it's nice to get cold AC cranked before you get to the car.

Chrome package, stereo, look, leather seats with heat. Remote start(#1 favorite), power seat, cargo room, storage. Large chrome wheels, gauge styling, driver info center 

XM/Pioneer stereo, sunroof, cargo space (loads with back seat down!),DIC, excellent MPG, style with personality, fun to drive! Surprising amount of room for passengers.

I love the old body style and all the interior controls are very convenient once you get used to them. I really love that I have the buttons on the steering wheel to adjust sound and tracks for the Stereo. It is also very convenient that my back seats fold down in case I need to haul something.

Looks, ride comfort, versatility, remote start, power lumbar adjustment in seat, info center, big mirrors, Pioneer audio, gas struts for hood

looks, sunroof, leather seats, auto headlights

Seven-speaker Pioneer stereo, leather seats with heater/cooler, automatic sunroof, 17" polished wheels, well designed storage compartment, chromed door handles and side mirro, auto- dimming reading lights, and nice layout and design of the driver information display. 

Sunroof, rear spoiler, running boards. All of it really!

The look and gas mileage

Remote start, digital dash. Cargo space. Rides great. I even like the cupholders where they're at! 

Seats, styling, 17 in wheels, radio, cargo space 

Moonroof, spoiler, running boards, leather seats, heated seats, XM radio, iPod connection, black on black with chrome, steering wheel radio controls, lumbar control, roomy rear area for hauling.

Ease of handling, comfortable seats, and love the running board!

Totally dig the retro-look! And the interior goodies are great--glad I held out for the sunroof (I live in sunny SoCal) and as a lover of all things tech, this is a geek-girls dream!

Ride, handling, radio, interior room, remote start, gas mileage.

I love the remote start feature...it cools it down while I walk to it. I also really like the rear cargo area with the two level hard storage.

Best bang for buck!

The factory radio is nice, as well as the ability to put the back seats completely down. Plastic on the back of the back seats is nice so you don't scrape the seats putting stuff in the back.

The remote start, air conditioning works fast. The body style.



The info center computer is great, all at the touch of your fingertips. The rear storage area is very versatile. Lumbar support in the drivers seat is also nice. The A/C rocks in this car.

Autosensing lights, remote start, removable shelf in the cargo area. 

The XM Pioneer radio is great. Excellent gas mileage and love the quiet smooth ride for a small car.

Stereo and cruise controls on wheel, comfortable leather interior, sunroof,and all other extras. GM cheapened nothing on this car. All features are quality.

Body style, information center, solid feel and drive. Intelligent use of cargo space, remote start and standard power equipment. 

The look and the space inside for passengers.

The Pioneer stereo, steering wheel controls, heated leather seats, gas mileage, auto start, and the price isn't outrageous for a fully loaded vehicle.

Car looks good, spoiler gives it a sporty look with the running boards and roof rack.

Love the retro, exterior style/color, Color - white. Peppy, front seat comfort, sunroof, lot's of room - fold the back seats down and it accomodates my 2 rescued greyhounds easily! Much much more room compared to the the PT Cruiser which is cramped and highly uncomfortable side by side.

Styling. Fuel economy

Old School hot rod styling; fantastic fuel mileage; super fun to drive (manual shifting is still pretty neat for some of us old folks). Very quiet and comfortable - soaks up the bumps easily. Doors close with a nice thump sound - surprising for a Chevy. Love all the gadgets like the "Info Center.."



Gas mileage, auto start, leather, legroom, headroom, easy to get in and out of.

XM, Pioner radio, mileage, and the ride.

Price and looks

Appearence and style, love the back two level deck

Auto start, small compartment in the front dash board, quiet. Speaker sounds are clear, spacious inside, black interior

Great sound system

