Car is fun to drive, Fuel economy is great over 27 mpg. Styling is great

Push button start

style, local dealer in poway is great to deal with, convenient controls, fun to drive, quick pick up and good handling

Looks, ride quality, build quality.

Engine, Bose, Interior Design, Touch Screen Navigation, Heated, dual zone climate & B/U Camera(kids love it)

Keyless entry and push start The amount of power for a V4 The size - it's just right The AC and heat are excellent Safety: the seatbelt saved my life (i didn't even touch the airbag) 

Bose sound system, leather, alloy wheels, spoiler...the overall size of the car, (the Maxima's have gotten too big).

Looks, expected fuel economy, interior features and use of new technologies.

push button starter

Sleek look. HEATED SEATS!!!!! (great for Rochester winters) CVT is great on gas mileage and provides a smooth ride. Plenty of pep for a 4 cylinder. Nice leather interior. Folding rear seats really help when hauling bulky items. Cupholders that WORK and are easy to clean. Excellent storage all over.

Handling, style, power, comfort, looks, XM radio and navigation. I bought a 2.5SL and they replaced the original stereo with an aftermarket Pioneer stereo with nav and XM at delivery. It looks like the factory Bose with nav and a lot less money.

CVT w/175 HP and 180 lbs/torque, and great mileage. Huge gas tank (20 gal) so less frequent fill-ups. Design, quality, driving characteristics, lights. Just about everything.

Power, power and more power! New styling, new CVT.

Bose stereo, satellite radio, keyless entry and ignition, dual auto A/C, fun factor. Thanks, Nissan!

The exterior looks, the handling, nice options for the price.

Style, keyless start, gas mileage and interior dash lights.

Truly keyless

Bose, I like the way the presets can be fm, am or satellite radio without having to switch between them. The modern technology. The gas use meter, I've made a game out of keeping the meter in the higher gas saving side. It looks good too, I have teens and it meets they're approval! 

Bluetooth, steering wheel, navigation with backup camera, low, sporty exterior look, the xenon headlights.

I love the performance of this 4 cylinder engine. Like the keyless entry, touch ignition and of course Bose sound system.

General styling and strong V-6.

Totally keyless system, CVT, convenience plus package is very nicely equipped, exterior styling that sets it apart from the competition.

Styling, CVT, power (270 hp), smart steering wheel, bluetooth, sirius radio.

CVT is awesome, large glove compartment, instrument lighting, ride, fuel economy.

Definitively the keyless entry/start. Others: CVT. Steering wheel mounted audio controls. Great sporty look. 

Push button start is very cool. 

Push button start, intelligent key, turn signals in the outside mirrors, the overall look and power of the car, CVT, rear lights. The list could go on and on.

Love the CVT and the new styling in and out. The car rides and handles great and is very quiet. The 2.5I is all you need.

Bluetooth, Bose stereo, ignition.

3.5 V6 is fast, Bose sound system rocks!, CVT is smooth, Xenon HID lights, Bluetooth, great looking exterior and interior, quality all around.

Love the keyless entry and start and spacious trunk.

I still can't believe how great this car looks. I'm sure the "awe" will wear off eventually, but it beats all other competitors in styling both inside and out. The 2.5 is not fast, but it never feels lost for power. 

The fit and finish quality is excellent. The layout and handling are near perfect. The push button start is cool and never gets old - a constant reminder that I'm living in the 21st century! 

Navigation, keyless entry, lumbar, outside features. 

Truly keyless. CVT. Gas mileage. Price for all the features you get. Nissan build quality.

3.5 V6, wheels, push button, CVT.

Driving fun, manual gear, road handling and acceleration, Bluetooth interface, navigation, remote access system, audio system.

Push button start, CVT, steering wheel mounted audio controls, mirror mounted turn signals, pretty much everything... this car is great. 

I love the SL package. The bluetooth, 6-disc CD changer, Sirius satellite radio, Bose sound, moonroof, dual climate control, heated seats, and leather are all pluses. CVT is also a cool feature along with the autostick or what I like to call, "the cheap mans stick." I also love the gas mileage.

OK, there are some features that are pretty entertaining: IntelliKey, Bluetooth, XM radio, well not a feature but love it anyway. 

Design, inside and out, space for occupants, liquid silver color.

Keyless entry/start. With alloys, SR, and dual exhaust, it looks really sporty.

Nav, bluetooth, back up camera, push button start. Blond two tone interior. 3.5 liter has great power.

CVT with manual mode, leather interior, interior/exterior design, leg room, keyless entry and start, sound system. optional all season floor mats.

I love the push button start and the keyless entry a big plus.

Manual trans, nav system, Bose sound, unreal power!

Power (270 HP 258 ft Tq), very fast, nav system, beautiful comfortable leather, reliability and quality, overall looks.

The navigation system - Bose radio is awesome!! Great GPS features and the best I have owned (three others to be exact). The Bose radio with XM radio "kicks" (my grandkids say). 

I love the CVT and the new styling in and out. I got the blond leather and think it is very comfortable. I also love the aux audio input to plug in my iPod.

Love the CVT, exterior style, Bose system and comfortable ride. Interior is rich and gauges and lighting are well placed.

Push start and intelligent key (can't help but show it off to friends every chance we have); performance; handling; mileage (31.5 MPG in mixed driving); stylish in and out (love the tail lights and duel exhaust).

Intelligent key, CVT, covered interior storage and plentiful cup holders, comfortable interior, metallic interior styling, aux stereo jack for iPod.

CVT with optional manual shift, the rear tail lights and of course the push button start.

I love the smooth ride and the fabulous gas mileage! I can get 510 miles off one tank of gas. The seating is so comfortable and everything is convenient. It has a lot of space in the trunk and also the glove box of all places! 

CVT. Bluetooth. Highly angled / swept windshield (without treatments, it sheds water at 60mph making wipers unnecessary). Comfy seats. Heated seats. dual action sunroof.

1. Reliability. 2. Good mileage and excellent power. 3. Good looking exterior. 4. No torque steer. 5. CVT works very well. 6. Good handling for front wheel drive.

I love the push-button start and the amount of extra storage space that's available in the front cabin. Plenty of room for CDs, maps, etc. The trunk space is also very accommodating.

Keyless entry and start.

The new exterior design is beautiful and the interior is laid out perfectly. I love the radio controls on the steering wheel and the bluetooth is great. Quiet ride, nice handling. Intelligent key is great. Gas mileage. Sound system. Powerful 4 cylinder engine. Heated seats. 6 disc cd changer with aux output.

CVT, MP3 connection, intelligent key & push button start!! These are all wonderful!

Keyless start, amazing and convenient! Looks - a real beauty inside and out. I enjoy driving it, w/ the CVT. All the extras - compass, moonroof, leather heated seats, power seat, stereo. I also like that 2 car seats can be latched onto the rear, and that the rear seat is big enough to accommodate.

Keyless ignition is great. The overall styling is attractive. Driver info center is useful. 6-speed transmission is fun to drive. Interior is well thought out.

Intelligent key and the push button ignition are awesome, the back up camera is something else.

I love the push button start!

Exterior design, interior colors 175 hp.

My favorite feature is keyless. I have a baby and that makes my life much easier to enter the car with the baby and bags. I don't have to be searching for the key especially in bad weather. 

Body style, powerful 6 cylinder engine, silky smooth CVT transmission. Keyless entry.

Intelligent key, push start, CVT, leather seats, great standard sound system, dual climate control, heated seats.

CVT.

That sweet and strong VQ motor. I am also getting really spoiled by all the tech stuff - nav, bluetooth, smartkey, etc.

Looks, HID headlights, heated seats, navigation with backup camera, CVT, interior.

Bluetooth. Power everything. Huge trunk. Fun to drive. 

CVT, push button start, interior and dashboard features are very attractive.

Engine, tranny, engine, breaks, engine. This thing feels very much like an old Audi 5000S turbo I drove in the mid 90s. A tad of delay as the CVT "stretches" (I am untechnical. I just feel a lag as the engine winds up) and then BOOM, the car launches.

The power the car has is unreal for a luxury vehicle. It has the power to get up and get moving real quick with no shift-shock. It's amazing.

Intellikey. Bose stereo system. Leather seats. Bluetooth connect. Moon roof.

Exterior and push start.

Push button start, iPod auxiliary, and dual climate control.

CVT and again, CVT.

Intelligent key, CVT, Interior improvements over 2006, peppy 4 cylinder.

The head room, leg room, and mpg rating for a 175 hp sedan is unsurpassed by the competition. A tall guy can drive it without banging his head on the headliner and without his teeth in his knees.

Sport package: 17" aggressivly formed alloys, sliding sunroof (just press, no hold open/close), CVT, acceleration, slick sophisticated shape, push button start, smart key, hard BMW-like sport suspension, tight steering, handling - torque steer gone, feels like rear-wheel-drive sports car. 

Styling, interior design, and not having to pull out the key remote to get into the trunk, doors and ignition is great when you get used to it. 

Handling, steering, power, comfort, looks. Manual mode with CVT is great!

CVT trans, steering wheel audio controls, moonroof, overall steering/ handling on the road, keyless entry and push button start, its so nice not to have to get out the keys!! 

CVT transmission, nice exhaust tone, Xenon lights, handling, gauges, leather quality, looks

Pretty much everything about this car is great aside from the steering/suspension/drifting issue.

Everything

the keyless entry, headlight, and the newly redesigned rear lights.

exterior design simply rocks; dual exhaust; turn signals on the outside mirrors; tail lights with orange turn signals (don't you ever go solid red); high quality cloth; radio controls on the wheel; the beautiful shade of blue (Majestic Blue)

The engine is great , with the Dual Exhaust, like the taillights and the hood design !

Looks, gas mileage (my average since the day I bought it, including allowing it to run to warm up is 31.7 MPG)

spacious interior, push button start, exterior design 

The CVT and engine, Bose system, trunk space, keyless/push button start - getting used to now! I'm happy with the gas mileage as before I had a Chevy Avalanche, it used gas like it was going out of style.

The power train, bose system....

Bluetooth, XM, heated seats, Bose sound system.....too many to list!

The stereo is decent for a factory model. The keyless system is neat, 270 hp under your foot, option to manually shift gear and higher RPM the car, nice modern exterior looks, a definite head turner. 

CVT, 270HP, Sirius Satellite Radio, Look of Exterior 

Love the way the outside of the car looks , the Dual Exhaust, and the jet tail lamps! The sound system is great also !

Keyless entry with pushbutton start. The shapes and lines of the car is perfect. Great handling of the road with surprising 4 cylinder power. Auto lighted dash on all times.

color

GOOD:CVT, looks, timing chain instead of belt. BAD: not enough room below to add all the bad like tire pressure monitor and can't replace the radio with an aftermarket. needs option not to have intelligent key and push button start. 

Great value, very good performance, quiet roomy interior, min. torque steer, smooth shifting 6MT, intelligent key, pleasant looking car.

The dual exhaust roar, and the smooth transmission of the V-6 ! Also like the exterior ! Also like the pushbutton start !

CVT is fun to play with, keyless is the way to go, Navigation is more detailed and intuitive then my wife's 05 Lexus. High grade interior materials used throughout the cabin.

Exterior styling, cup holders on side of front doors, glove compartment is huge, roominess, and keyless entry.

Interior roominess, storage space, including huge trunk, keyless entry/ignition, BOSE system is awesome!, heated seats, dual climate control, CVT transmission provides a smooth ride, this car can really get up and go, luxury yet sporty. I really just love everything about the car!

Engine, CVT, overall styling. Fit and finish...nice climate controls , big knobs easy to grasp with gloves. Keyless entry and ignition...no more fumbling in pocket for keys. Steering wheel radio controls. Feels like a much smaller car..turning circle smaller than previous gen. And did I say handling

intelligent key, cvt, 4 wheel disk brakes, cvt, 8 speaker stereo, cvt, interior design, cvt, and large trunk. Oh, and did I mention the cvt?

Keyless Ignition, Aux Input Jack for MP3 Players, Large Trunk

Keyless entry and push button start. I never have to take the keys out of my pocket. Also the CVT transmission rocks.

I love the transmission, and the way it feels. I also love the push button start. It so easy not having to take the key out of my pocket or digging for it in my purse. This car is well equipped and has a snazzy looking interior as well.

Performance (in warm weather)

Solid feel including closing the doors. Strong 4 banger. Sonoma Sunset Metallic is pretty! Lots of air bags. Lots of room including the trunk.

electronic key is cool,awesome trunk space and powerful engine



fun to drive, smooth and fast pickup (when the trannys good).. also looks GREAT!

V6 engine. Very good gas mileage. Availability of manual transmission in a 4 door sedan. Reasonable to insure for how powerful and fun to drive the car is.

The navigation is user friendly. The Bose stereo is one of the best I have heard (and I have owned a lot of cars to compare too). This car is FAST (0-60 in 6.4 sec)!!!! The CVT transmission is smooth. The car has a solid feel and handling. Has a quiet ride. Classy and sporty in one package! 

Push button start and keyless entry (although I keep accidentally setting off the alarm with the key in my pocket). 

Sports car handling in a sedan. Roominess. Intelligent key. Z-ness (except for CVT). 

Key entry. I question if it is reliable long term. I had experienced frustration with in 20 hours of buying.

CVT, Push button start, intelligent key, sunroof, build quality. The interior looks great and is well laid out. Heated seats are great. 20 gallon gas tank.

Rims, Key, CVT Transmission 270 hp

CVT, Keyless Start, Bose, SL Package is loaded and not expensive

Push Button start. Roomy. The sound system. Compartments hide any and everything you have in the car.

Interior/Exterior Styling, strong V6, great steering/handling. Lots of gadgets, storage, and trunk space. Great Keyless entry system. 

engine specs,smart key, headlights, taillights,dashboard and interior space including the cavernous trunk.

Good looks, great ride, fantastic handling for such a full size auto. Oh yes the intel key, and push to start button rate high.

Keyless feature, great ride quality, very quiet, nice quality leather, and leather rapped steering wheel, interior room, the whole car! 

Nav system, WORTH the $$, response/engine, Ipod compatibility

270 horses of fury and buttery smooth. 6 speed. Great instrument panel. Push button start and never having to take my keys out of my pocket until I get home. Trip computer. Traction control that you can turn off. Heated mirrors. Variable power steering that's light when in a parking lot.

Bluetooth connects with my phone so no more ear piece or very bad phone speaker.....

cvt, push button, intelligent key, sunroof, build quality

Touch screen and voice activated radio and nav. Speed sensing radio

Everything.

The push button start

The growl of the engine and rumble of exhaust are great. The engine has substantial power and the exhaust system lets you, and those around you, know it. Overall very fun to drive. 

CVT, Keyless ignition, lots of front leg room

Stereo is absolutely awesome and thats just the factory unit. If you want boom this factory system will do it. I cant even imagine what the BOSE sounds like but I know this one will thump you hard. Features are so many I need a day off work just to play with everything.

push start, cvt transmission, optional manual shift with auto trans

CVT Transmission, 3.5 engine, non- cycling air-conditioner clutch.

270 hp engine with super smooth CVT transmission. Intelligent Key, Bluetooth, exterior styling, BOSE Sound-system, Xenon head lights. Oh, and the compliments come standard.

Standard audio system is very nice and the Intelligent key features blow us away. But the ride is the best. Very fun to drive.

styling. bluetooth. nav.

Push button start, autodimming mirror. Control panel and sharp steering. Great breaks and smooth transmission. 270 HP!!

I love my V6 engine with the CVT. The CVT keeps the engine in the optimal power range so you can always accelerate hard no matter what your speed is. The push button start and keyless entry are great features in this category. The auxiliary audio jack for mp3 players is a great feature.

Cvt, push button ignition, styling , rigid handling

Navigation, Engine,CVT transmission, Xenon Head lights

all of above

Exterior styling and that is it at this point. 

Exterior styling.

CVT, push button start, Bose GPS/XM radio

Interior style and design. Also very comfortable

-intelligent key (I love not taking my key out of my pocket) -push button start (although I can see this costing a lot to fix if anything goes wrong with it) -Comfortable -position of the cruise control -Aux jack on stereo (would only be better if it had iPod jack) 

Electronic key. Side rear-view mirror defrost.

CVT, 6cyl power/4cyl gas mileage, seats, navigation/bose, roomy interior yet feels more compact/lighter than Impala, interior quality far superior to Impala, feels like a luxury car without the price tag, dual exhaust, leather/heated seats...almost everything!

Intelligent key, interior room ext. style.

Convenience. Gas mileage. The fun driving experience.

Push button start!! Will never buy a car with out the smart key feature, it's so convenient, more than you expect!! The trunk is huge, I can fit a couple of people in there if I have too LOL, J/K but it is roomy.

Blue tooth phone system

The only good thing I have to say about this vehicle is it is very comfortable and has lots of room.

Radio, push button, huge trunk, large interior room, and awesome brakes.

Love the design

Everything

6 cylinder engine with a manual transmission.

Looks, interior styling, gas mileage.

Navigation, economy on fuel (CVT)

CVT, and no key need for anything remote. Good acceleration for a 4cyl.

Style gas mileage

CVT, "pushbutton" door and start, plenty of space.

Push button start, intelligent key system, space for passengers and trunk, 60/40 back seats, standard aux jack, and great engine!

Push button start and keyless entry. Navigation and Bluetooth. Bose audio. Touch operated display screen, and steering wheel mounted controls. My highway mpg was 30 mpg @ a constant 80mph. Around town it's 23 mpg. I don't drive it hard unless I have to.

Love the CVT, great amount of power, good head room in the back seat, push button start and keyless entry, exhaust sounds great, and the six speed. Test drive it and you will see!

Great power. Great fuel economy. 



I like the way the car handles.

The car has great acceleration for a 4cyl. The car looks great.

I love the keyless ignition and push button entry on the door handle!! This took some getting used to, but I'm not sure if I can ever live without it again. I just carry the key fob and use my garage door opener to get in the house. NO MORE KEYS!! The ipod AUX port and dual ac ports are an huge plus

Safety features saved my life. 

I am still vain about my Altima, it looks good. The push button is great. Reliable.

Keyless entry

The looks. The Smart Key. The design of the controls. Nice and easy to use.

Push button start. Power--it MOVES (3.5L). Look of interior and exterior. Trunk space.

My fav's are the push button start and the amount of vehicle you get for the money... you cant beat it!

Sporty look, smooth steering and ride, amazing power and pick up, keyless entry, fantastic mileage, don't feel like getting out of my car.

Exterior design.

Amazing performance. Smooth shifting and a great design.

Fully loaded....it's all good...Nissan is the only way to go

I like the push button start and the fact that I never really have to take my key out for any reason. The exterior DID look nice until the tin trunk got a dent for no reason. 

Push button ignition, passing power, interior quality and exterior look (with sport package), heated seats warm up fast, audio system (Bose w/6 disc in dash/MP3) sounds great and the VDC works really well in the snow and ice.

Bluetooth capability, zone climate controls, heated seats, 

Push start, exterior looks, large gas tank 20 gal. Solid ride, quiet at highway cruising.

I love the push button start! I also like how the dash will tell you when your tire pressure it low, that was real convenient! 

Push button start, Bose audio, MP3 plug-in, IntelliKey. General interior styling is very smart and convenient. Trunk organizer with First Aid Kit and Emergency Road Kit a definite plus. Headlights and taillights are gorgeous (I prefer the sedan's taillights to the coupes!). Just a beautiful car!

The pick up for a 4 cylinder is fantastic. That is why I call it my pocket rocket.

Push button start rules!

Push button start, dashboard display, heated seats, roomy interior, acceleration, head room, sun roof, just about everything.

Transmission. I have 20 inch chrome wheels and look great.

The keyless entry and push button start! It is completely amazing that I never have to take my keys out of my handbag. The stereo is great too!!

CVT with manual shift option. Smart key with push button start. Push button lock and unlock on the door handles. 

The navigation system, Bose radio, dual climate control, and CVT top my list of favorite technology gadgets. 



Sound system is great. Bluetooth is very very handy and safe. Headlights and auto tint mirrors.

I am really impressed with the power of the smaller engine. It's powerful enough to accelerate quickly and pass when you need it. Fun! I also enjoy the keyless entry and start. It's nice to put the fob in your pocket and not worry about it.

CVT is fun. Love how great even the standard stereo sounds. Car is also very solid and quiet.

The radio has an aux plug, I guess that is cool and there is good trunk space, nice to look at.

Gas mileage, CVT and keyless operation.

The Intelligent Key system with the pushbutton start. Also, the handling, the performance, the gauges, especially the trip computer, and all the compliments I get on it.

Powerful engine. CVT. Interior design. Exterior design.

CVT, moonroof, keyless start and keyless entry through door handle, stereo with aux port, TPMS. Convenience package, alloy wheels, and gotta love the dual exhaust.

I love the design/aerodynamics. Other sedans I tried were "nice" and "suitable", but to find a sporty looking sedan that also drives comfortably... well, we just knew the Altima was "it".

CVT, true keyless entry/exit and start stop. This car is loaded with features. I got the convenience plus package that added a sunroof. I also love the TPMS. I was able to quickly point out a leaking tire. Would be helpful if it told you the cold pressure as well as which tire was low.

The ride at 75 mph is quiet and I feel I have positive control of the car. The convenience package with the sunroof and leather wrapped steering wheel add to the comfort of the car. 

Bose Stereo, styling, push button ignition, quiet engine and rear vents. Very cold a/c. Love that Nissan has always had great a/c.

Smoothness of CVT, engine acceleration, interior and exterior styling, moonroof, keyless entry, leather seats and spacious cabin. Sound of standard radio. Good MPG but not great. Car is a lot of fun to drive, looks good and is easy to wash, too!

CVT by far, Bose stereo and Bluetooth, keyless ignition and entry, huge glove box that's lighted when lights are on. Very well thought out storage design such as removable cup holders, console lid that slides for comfort, etc. Can roll windows down with key fob. Dual zone auto climate controls. 

Intelligent Key may be a gimmick to some, but my wife likes it. Excellent gas mileage (better than the Neon), and the 20-gallon tank allows a 600+ mile range, excellent for high-mile commutes. The base stereo with single CD player is impressive. Lots of space for passengers, both front and rear. 

Push button On and Off; CVT; 270hp; 6 CD changer and Bose stereo; built in Blue Tooth technology; Altima turning radius is much better than the Maxima; quiet; smooth; all black all leather interior; 9 cup holders; rear vents; interior lighting at night is great.

Smart key, dual exhausts, MPG, MPH, distance to empty.

