Transmission, styling/aesthetics, comfort, heritage

Engine, exterior design, front seat(s) comfort.

The sound system is excellent - the Monsoon System! I also love the gas mileage! I found the seats very comfortable. I owned a Honda Accord once and would often have back aches from the longer rides. However, this did not happen in the Beetle.

fun colors

Engine performance and gas mileage. I think the MPG improves the faster you drive.

Heated seats. No wind noise with top up. Lots of leg and head room.

Riding with the top down on a beautiful day. When it's a little cool, being able to put the heated seats on. Luv it! 

Love it all, style and seats.

Heated seats, folding down back seat, sunroof/moonroof.

heated seats, color, body style, driver and front passenger space.

Body style: people will stop you on the street to ask about the car! Interior features: ample space, stereo sound, heated seats, dash style, trunk space is great. 

Doors open and close in warm weather. Wife isn't angry about the car in summer. No paying for additional garage space or storage spring through fall. I do love how it looks and operates when the windows are not frozen.

Cute! Feels solid. Fun to drive.

The convertible top. The seat material. Comfort of the arm rest. How easy it is to reach the instruments and radio. The head rest that bends forward. The safety rating.

Doesn't seem like the car has any after you live with the nightmare of many service trips.

The roof is simple, the handling is fantastic, and the stereo is absolutely the best I have ever heard in a car even with the roof down!

Everything. The seats' adjustability, the interior room, the strong driving position, ease of driving, gas mileage, quick throttle response, 5 cylinder torque and horsepower on demand at lower RPMs, fold down seats with removable seat head rests, fits in the garage. I can go on and on.

I love the semi-automatic roof. It is simple to raise and lower, and I have had zero issues with it.

The large shelf dash makes front passengers feel like they have tons of room; steering column is comfortable, long rides are comfortable for front seat passengers. cup holder placement is more comfortable and convenient than past models. Side turn signals remain a plus. 

The iPod jack. Leather seats, arm rest, improved cup holders and head rests. Red and purple dash lights.

General performance.

My Beetle is fun to drive, economical, easy to park, comfortable, with lots of room and cargo space too when needed.

Styling that sets it apart from all other small cars. Handling. Fun to drive. 

My favorite features are the interior and the exterior design. I like the interior because it is just so comforting. The exterior is just so cute.

the outside design and color choices!

I love the seat comfort, drive, ease of controls, and cost

I'm so happy with how cold the air conditioner gets, and how great the sound system is. It runs GREAT, is QUIET, and I feel really safe while driving.

The body style and the interior.

It is easy to put the top up and down, comfortable, easy to drive, and has lots of pep!

The 6-speed automatic transmission and power.

The looks. The ;07 model is better than '06 for the following reasons: the top release doesn't wrench your wrist, it has better steering, faster starts, the engine sounds better (and probably is), it comes in cooler colors, gets better gas mileage, and the knobs and things actually work!

