MPG, tire press, fuel digital reading. Cargo area. Have had great service from dealership!

None I can think of!

Dash board, entertainment system, automatic sliding doors and hatch, sporty engine.

Media controls/cruise on steering wheel is backlit. CD changer with MP3 hook up, Ext styling, power sliding door and liftgate. Good amount of storage in trunk area.

Exterior is beautiful. Inside materials could be better for what you have to pay. Even at the cheapest model. Too much plastic for a $30,000 car. For a van engine is great. It sounds like a race car when you speed up!!

Modern design, good gas mileage, cool feel for a minivan. Nice leather, functional dvd, great xtra features if they worked (only 32k miles) nice rims.

Powerful drive train, road handling, power lift gate.

Love the DVD and headphones. 

Four bucket seats. Seven seating arrangement. DVD player with cordless head phones. Seats fold flat when have to carry big items. DVD player up front for easy access for parents instead of under seat like the 04 quest. Love the look of the QUEST!!

Sonar, which broke.

Forceful and strong

Skylights. Dual DVD screens. All the cigarette lighters for GPS & radar detector on the dash. One in the back for airing up kids bike tires. 

Engine response, Captain seats in the middle row, Power lift gate and side door, In dash 6 CD Changer with MP3 player input. Excellent driver point of view. Ample space in terms of leg room and head room.

Low end torque, gas mileage, Low center of gravity, provides for easy cornering, and a very good roll-over resistance rating from the IIHS.

DVD AND HEADPHONES, THE WAY THE VAN LOOKS INSIDE AND OUT

We compared it to our 1999 Quest. Lots of room in all three rows. Love flat folding seats. Wide doors are nice. Real 5 speed tranny, none of that CVT crap. Excellent passing power. No expensive run-flat tires.

Much bigger and roomier than our old minivan. Power to spare, especially when loaded with 4 grandkids. Love the regular instrument location and dash mounted shifter. Center instrument cluster would have been a deal breaker. Thank goodness no CVT but a nice 5 speed. Flat folding seats are great.

Excellent shape and very clean and sophisticated front control panel.

235 HP

Now for the good. Power is great due to gearing and trans combination. Design looks good. Drives well with good balance between sporty and comfort. Standard features on base model are all you need. Extra light when turn signals are on. Open feel. Quiet, conversation easy amongst all passengers.

The 7 passenger seating; DVD entertainment package; cargo organizer.

The feel of it! I love driving it and it really feels so much smaller than it is, but still gives you the versatility of a van. 

Rear back up sensor and center console with trip info. 

Chrome accents, skyviews, clear (euro) tail lights, dual 8" screens, power doors and hatch, easy fold away seats, trunk organizer, 10 speaker bose system and enough airbags to float.

Easy to drive and powerful.

Dual-power sliding doors and powered rear hatch, rear back-up sensor system, powered seat, MP3 stereo, home link system.

Drive is fun. Sun roof provides you with plenty of light. Plenty of leg room. Dashboard is awesome.

Lower priced than a Toyota Sienna but you get what you pay for.

new dash...seats are very comfortable and good feeling.

skyview roof, rear-view camera, dual power doors. DVD package (2 screens with noise canceling cordless headphones and remote control to control DVD from back seats, heated seats, Dolby sound, and powerful engine.

Styling, ride, handling, wireless headphones, skyroof

Adjustable pedals, Tire pressure monitor, Boss 6 CD changer, Distance to empty indicator, steering mounted audio controls, Power doors and tailgate, heated side view mirrors, electrochromatic rear view mirror, Flat folding rear seat, cargo capacity, Captain chairs, all row Cup holders, and air bags. 

I love everything!!!

Backup Sonar, roof rack, styling, room for everything!

The GPS is excellent. All the panel controls are well placed. I love electric rear hatch as I carry a lot of equipment for my business. The drive is amazing. Smooth, quiet and very responsive. 

engine power, towing capacity, design

4 captains chairs and the back bench seat. This seating style allows such easy access to move around.

Smooth on the road, doesn't look like your average minivan

TPMS

The six cd changer and the standard side curtain airbags. The controls on the steering wheel. The timing chain and the 105,000 mile interval for tune- ups. 

the interior room, safety, styling, and drive-ability. we decided not to get the dvd system, and bought an aftermarket one instead, but if we had it, i'm sure it would be a favorite!

The fold down seats are very handy and it expands the capabiliy of the van a lot IMHO.



Rockin stereo, bluetooth phone system.

DVD and Stereo system, right/left sliding doors, easy stow 2nd and 3rd row seating. Most comfortable and spacious layout of all current competition.

Sky Vision.Back up vision. Dual DVD's 

The builtin DVD and wireless headphones The automatic slide passenger doors and rear door

Dual DVD. Nav system. Better handling and comfprt than Toyota and Honda. Great looks. Skyview.A very quiet ride.



low price but you get what you pay for and that's no reliability.

Navigation system, Bluetooth phone, satellite radio system, dual DVD screens, comfortable seating and total ease of getting in and out.

The Tail Lamps for 2007 hare Altezza style witch gives this family van a stylish side

the sky lights 

Dual screen DVD, MP3, Seat positions memory, rearview camera, and the PAX system. Though not tested yet, the hands free Bluetooth connectivity for Cell phones sounds great.

