All wheel drive, huge sunroof, great fuel economy for an AWD car, excellent paint quality, excellent performance on extremely poor roads.

The excellent visibility in all directions; the secure handling on snow and ice; top ratings in crash tests.

The number of cup holders and the storage compartment on the dash board. What a great thought! I love the SAFE feeling in a top rated 5-star eco- friendly small SUV.

Huge sunroof that opens all the way. TURBO!!! Heated seats for Maine winter. Starts at -30F.

The cars acceleration and nimble handling are quite phenomenal for a station-wagon/SUV hybrid. The interior is nicely appointed (automatic climate control, killer sound system), and the Sport has many of the luxury accoutrements (auto dimmer/compass mirror, cruise-control, heated-seats, etc.) desired.

Surprisingly good gas mileage. Nice tight turning circle; handling almost sporty. Simple controls, user friendly.

Engine performance. Stability in bad weather and windy conditions. All Wheel Drive is better than system on Honda Pilot. Easy to drive. Great visibility. Unique body doesn't look like every other generic, mainstream SUV.

The storage in the dash. 

The AWD feature has kept us confidently safe in terrible weather conditions.

AWD at all speeds, unlike Honda and Toyota only at low speeds. No problems whatsoever in the first year.

Good ride, excellent handling, turns on a dime. 4 cyl is plenty peppy. AWD drive is a benefit even here in FL. Gas mileage is a real pleasant surprise-26.5 mpg in mixed driving. Simple guage and control layout is most appreciated. Manual driver seat is unexpectedly comfortable.

The all wheel drive is good in snowy weather. It does get fairly good gas mileage. It has heated cloth seats. I do love this feature best.

All wheel drive, convenient size, headlight system, comfortable seats, cargo space, ABS, comfortable headrests, and everything I have gotten used to.

All wheel drive, tight handling, engine braking capabilities.

The turbo and hood scoop. Not having a me too car, ie generic honda or toyota.

AWD, large cargo area, great MPG for AWD (avg. 29.5).

AWD - never a problem in snow. 

Reliability, view of the road, "zip," tight turning.

28.5 mpg, AWD that you nver notice (except accelerating out of wet corners), good low end grunt and gearing for towing. Good handling - not too soft, not too harsh.

AWD fantastic going about 60 mph and encountered a flooded slow lane the car in front of me had to pull to the left lane. My Subie went through the flood with no problem. Great sunroof. Easy to use controls. Large side mirrors with integrated turning signals a plus. Can't wait to ride to Tahoe!

AWD, storage capacity, red exterior/gray interior (I would not recommend the beige interior). Lots of useful cupholders.

AWD is great. 5-speed manual transmission fun to drive. Leather seats comfortable; moon roof the largest I've ever had. Turbo model cruises relatively quietly at 75-80 mph Lots of head/legroom for this 6'5" driver.

AWD. Handling. MPG. Large moonroof. 

Turbo, AWD, reliability.

Outside temperature gauge. Dash storage bin.

The turbocharged engine is amazing. Love the practicality of the vehicle.

The seats are great. The visibility is great. Getting in and out is easy for my husband with a disability. The cargo area is great for a walker or for carrying my plants. I feel very safe in my car, which has great crash test results.

Good: Faasst, fast, fast even in 5th. Comparable to the WRX line for performance. Comfortable. Fast AC/heat, especially seat warmers. Great sound system, handling and visibility. Good driver position. Plenty of room. Pretty quiet. Cargo nets and tray, and deep floor mats invaluable extras.

Climate control, panoramic moon roof, AWD, comfortable seats, safety features.

Climate control, 6 disc CD changer, vehicle reliabilty. I like that you can get as standard features a lot of items that are usually options on other cars. Safety features are a plus.

AWD is about the only plus, it does work well but there are a more good days than bad so I would not let the AWD feature guide my purchase. If you are looking to purchase one of these, I recommend that you rent one for a week and put some time in it. A test drive at a dealership is not enough.

Subaru's Boxer engine, AWD!, and active head restraints (to prevent whiplash). All of its safety features are what makes me confident when driving this car. Even for a base model, Subaru doesn't skimp on technology and safety.

4 wheel drive and gas mileage.

AWD, comfortable interior and cargo space.

I like the moonroof but maybe it's too big. Once you open it fully, all you see are the bars on the top of the car; it's not like you get an unobstructed view! And the indoor light is located too far back in the car now to give the driver enough light (in the front of the car) once you get in.

The moon roof is lovely. The heated seats complement it. The steering is incredibly responsive - the vehicle corners well, and feels solid on the road. Visibility is good.

All wheel drive performance. Heated seats. Sun roof. Cargo capacity. MP3 sound system.

All wheel drive. Remote door locks.

All Wheel Drive. Great handling. Lots of space. Great value. Great service department. Inexpensive accessories.

The lights turn off automatically when you turn off the engine. Surprisingly comfortable for a small car.

Intercooled turbo w/ working hood scoop. Great stereo for factory.

Handling is excellent, and the look is impressive. So far, the moonroof has withstood harsh Florida rains with no problem (no leaking).

The all wheel drive, and the price.

Large flat space for hauling stuff.

We chose this style of car for the extra room.

LL Bean trim, engine does well, roomy front for 6'1" driver. Overall appearance is good. Sound system is o.k. Like 6-disk CD very much.

I think it is fun to drive and I feel very confident in the way it holds the road. It feels very solid. I like that a lot.

On my new one, my favorite feature is the climate control option. You set the temperature you want, and it brings it there without fiddling around with the knobs and controls. I also love the stereo system. Quality sound.

AWD (the all wheel drive) is by far the best part about this car. Rain and snow are no match for this little tank. And you don't have to worry about it, it's always there working for you.

Oversize moonroof is nice, general handling.

Speaker system. Moonroof.

