V-6 engine with plenty of power. Cruise control does a great job of keeping proper speed both up-hill and down-hill. Low cost maintenance, and the good quality paint finish.

Reliability

The rear LED lights, sound system, leather seats, the dash is appealing especially at night.

Gas mileage, disc changer, reliable.

engine

Like the solid "clunk" sound on the door closing. Liked the windows lowering with the key control.

-Ultra smooth 4 cylinder engine! No need for 6 cylinders. Plenty of smooth power. Honda knows how to make engines. -sunglasses holder -serene, attractive interior -oil maintenance reminder

Interior (leather seats are quite comfortable) and sound system.

Powerful acceleration for a 4 cyl, automatic climate control, excellent fuel econ.

Good gas mileage and decent acceleration for a 4-cyl. I like the fact that the coupe doesn't look like other cars on the road. Good resale value and cheap to maintain.

Great lines, more than adequate stereo system, more room in back seat than anticipated.

Standard alloys, style, interior quality

6 airbags, ABS, cruise control

Rear passenger room; driver seating position and controls (except airconditioning on switch).



Seats, quiet ride, V6, XM, and Honda gets it...they understand how to make it all work as one.

I like all the features this car has but especially the remote unlock/ roll all the windows down feature.

Navigation which is not very much used. The roomieness and comfort.

The leather interior is surprisingly supple. I will enjoy using the heated seats this winter.

The way the car drives, the radio, the comfy seats.

Quiet, economical, reliable. Build quality and workmanship are excellent. Firm, well-controlled ride. 

Nav and low fuel usage

Audio controls on the steering wheel, sporty styling, performance-oriented dashboard, reliable, decent performance and value

It's a Honda! LED tailights, smooth V6. 

Leather.

26 mpg in city! I test drove a manual 4 cyl Accord after test driving the Civic Si. I thought, for $4,000 less, I feel I get the same fun factor of driving, and I get a bigger and more practical car(Accord). (Almost had the male midlife crisis purchase of the Civic Si.)

Six cylinder accelleration. 

smooth stick, responsive tranny, powerful engine, unitary fold down back seat, strong breaks, interior feel, great look, great color scheme, amazying wood trim. this car has it all.

Handling, fuel economy, overall ergonomics, and Honda quality. 

The sleek look, seats are comfortable

Smooth ride; gas mileage; comfortable seats; steering wheel controls; fun to drive; solid car.

Remote roll down windows, V6, sunroof

V4 power and fuel economy. Leather seats, leather steering wheel, armrests, sporty looking dash. Controls on the steering wheel. Steering and handling. Trunk space and fold down seats. Cupholder space. Interior space. Visiability. Safety with all the air bags. Alloy wheels with Michelin tires.



Believe everything you read about Honda's (Acura) 6 speed manual -- it's a work of art and i'm so glad i waited for the manual. engine is plenty strong and so smooth it's hard to tell how fast you're really going.

Fabulous engine - power, sound, and fuel economy (highway), very nice 6-speed manual, quiet and comfortable interior, nice fit and finish. If this car had not been so troublesome so soon, I would rate it much higher. The price is attractive for this much functionality - if it all works.

The interior is very nice. It is fun to drive. The leather seats are done with quality. The exterior is very sexy.

Stereo w/ CD player, quiet, sun-roof layout and interior design, gas mileage, color on dashboard on nights - not red not orange, what is it? Looks fantastic! 

Comfort, acceleration, controls for the radio on the steering wheel, moon roof.

Sharp looking design, LED tail-lights, strong engine. 

The noise when the engine starts [very IndyCar like]. The XM is also very fun, as well as the high-end speakers. The dash is very beautiful when alight. The Accord is very fast and aerodynamic as well.

Seats, gauges, stereo.

Smooth shifting 6-speed, quiet ride, accurate steering, comfortable interior, nice OEM sound system, powerful and smooth V6, great brakes, stability/traction control, side/head airbags, 5 star NHTSA crash test results, great resale, and since it's a Honda fabulous reliability is a given! 

Excellent interior. Excellent fit and finish. Beautiful Pearl Burgundy paint. Great power for the fuel economy. 

Manual transmission and gas mileage.

Roomy interior and trunk.

Fuel economy is amazing, just went on our second road trip and got 35 mpg hwy. Average 29 in the city. Car is also very comfortable on long trips.

Smooth engine and manual transmission! Plenty of safety features - air bags, ABS. Roomy interior with simple but attractive layout. Nice ride and fairly quiet. Decent mpg - 27. Six CD player. Love the remote trunk release. Excellent fit and finish. Reliability and value. 

Engine power, leather seats and the stereo. Lots of trunk space and I can fit my sons car seat in the back, no problem.

EX interior trim is nice around the front seats, pretty much. V6, VSC.

Engine and suspension. This car is flat out fun to drive! Love the brakes too. 4 wheel disc is the only way to go.

I really like that I chose the black and black color scheme. Looks very sleek. You will definitely need your windows tinted in the Texas heat. Radio control knobs mounted on the steering wheel are a nice feature.

6 CD player, graphite material inserts, controls on the steering wheel, and overall layout of the dash.

Power, handling, comfort, build quality, resale value. XM radio is something I will have on every car from now on. 

Style, smooth drive, love inside panel, lots of room.

Awesome design with great gas mileage. The red really looks sharp. 

Ride, style, quietness, smooth powerful engine.

V6, interior design, sunroof, comfort, reliability.

Awesome sound system. Love the power moonroof.

Still a great all-around car.

Smooth car. Quiet. Rides much better than the Accord V6 (which I test-drove back-to-back, and expected to prefer). The four-cyl is peppy and gets 5 more mpg!! You'll never miss the V6 below 60 MPH! 

Voice activated navi, climate and audio controls, integrated key fob, XM radio, capability of opening and closing windows with the key, leather, smooth and quiet ride, DRL, LED tail lights, my rear spoiler, backlit gauges, interior design... the list goes on!

Mounted steering wheel controls, engine, sound system, heated seats.

Interior room, audio controls on steering wheel, comfort. 

Nothing really stands out as far as features go; everything is pretty much average.

6-speed, heated leather seats,overall sapce in cabin, leg room in back seat, Window features w/remote, Ownerlink, Nav speaker talking, VSA definately, GREAT braking ability, good turn radius, soft closing doors

Smooth powerful engine, fuel economy, awesome handling, comfort reliability is tops 

Price, reliability, quality, versatility, value. Leather seats. Moonroof. OK stereo. Wood accents. Better handling than most of its competitors. A well thought out reliable commuter/family car.

Great highway car, comfortable seats, like the way windows can be rolled up by entering your key in lock. Great handling in wet or dry conditions. So powerful you need to keep the cruise on to keep it under 80-90 on the highway. Fantastic pickup from the line from a family car!

V6 engine. Navigation system. Voice command system. Luxurious leather seats. Steering wheel mounted audio controls. Sliding armrest. Heated side mirrors. Heated seats. 

Dash, interior, but kinda cheap inside after all. I love engine. Nice engine.

#1-SAFETY-side and curtain airbags, standard anti-lock brakes. Michelin tires. Comfortable interior. Great fit and finish. Distinguished looking exterior. 

Safety features such as all around air bags, plenty of room in front and back.

All around quality and worksmanship. Fit and finish. Leather interior. XM satellite radio. Honda V6 VTEC power. Honda reliability.

Interior design, 5-spd auto trans, auto up/down drivers window.

Interior design. Steering wheel stereo controls. Comfort. Smooth ride. Great turning radius, easy parking

Fuel economy, 5 sp, voice activated nav, fit and finish.

Fun to drive. 

Audio controls on steering wheel, white backlight on odometer, gas mileage, great pickup for a 4cyl.

Size of car. Good pickup for traffic. Roomy interior.

Gas mileage is great. Smooth powertrain. Ergonomics and controls are very simple. Cupholders-a-plenty. Interior space used very wisely. European steering is precise. Brakes are weak, but pedal feel is very good. 100K plus of hassle free miles that I look forward to.



Quality of build. Interior. Gas mileage.

A/C is powerful. 

Well designed interior; solid build; plenty of room in the cabin; comfortable leather seats; loaded with options; an 8 out of 10 for most car makers, a 6 out of 10 by Honda standards.

Height adjustable driver seat.

Quietness, comfort of the seats, wood interior accents, handling and suspension, build quality, XM radio, great 4 cylinder performance at a real world 26 mpg, and of course the sunroof!

Navi, leather, smooth ride, back space.

The four cylinder has nice power and the overall design is well done.

XM radio, heated leather seats, smooth engine, solid feel.

Audio controls, 6 disc in dash, alloys. Performance is everything one should need. Great 60-80 time for interstate passing and driving. The extra safety features



Heated leather seats, sunroof, ride.

Seat comfort, interior/exterior design, sound system, engine/transmission combination, LED tail-lights (they look so cool!), auto climate control, 17 in wheels.

Gas mileage, comfort, the fact that I can open the windows from outside the car to let the heat out, the valet key.



Exterior look with my added accessories. Navigation/voice Commands. Black leather interior. Interior lighting at night is very cool, especially the Nav. Love the color choices. 17 inch wheels.

Great A/C, excellent heater, wonderful sounds system, excellent power, great space, a very comfortable interior, Honda build quality, and Honda reliability. It also looks pretty good.



My favorite features include the V-6 engine, idle stop at traffic lights, steering wheel stereo controls, the power driver's seat, tilt and telescope steering wheel, 4 wheel double wish bone suspension, 253 effective horsepower combined with 28 mpg city and 35 mpg highway, and heated front seats!

Leather Seats and sporty acceleration.

The body.

styling and function

Best overall interior feature is the steering wheel controls! that's only a wish for previous honda models. Also love the daytime running lamps for safety., also the auto off headlamps. 5 speed tranny helps this car get good mileage(major improvement over the 4 speed), hope it holds up.!

Safety- where all the controls are and all the airbags- great seat belt fit (hard to find in American cars of this size). 



Acceleration out of turns

Big enough for me. Roomy. Comfortable seating. Corners pretty well. Smooth engine in spite of the 'drive by wire' disconnect between input and reaction. Built better than the Fusion even though the fusion handles better. 

Sweet J30A5 V6. Heated seats and mirrors, telescoping steering wheel, dual-zone climate control, LED taillights, electroluminescent gauges, outside temperature gauge, 17" wheels, VSA, EBD, curtain airbags, Brake Assist, oil-life monitor, and ambient console lighting. My 02 EX V6 had none of these.

Terrific build quality, wonderfully secure drive feeling, great power from the V6, long list of features including heated seats--hoorah! Enormous trunk. 

MOTOR!! double wishbone; sleeper appearance; quality interior look, feel and layout; daytime running lights; Honda roof racks (extra but nice); sweet exhaust note 

V6 is soild

Roomy interior, tail lights.

Day time running lights, 5 speed manual.

The hide away storage area under the radio, I have my satellite in there. The car is just put together very well. 

Reliability,handling, sportiness, overall build quality (except as noted above), interior space.

Manual transmission is my favorite #1. Double-wishbone suspension makes this vehicle as strong as a tank: potholes are not a problem. Plus it does not tilt toward the outside of turns in sharp turns like a Toyota Camry. Plus the reliability is just incredible.

Automatic transmission is smarter than most for cars in this segment. No hunting. It's sure and the torque is ready for you to use when you need it. Large interior.

Sporty driving, gas mileage, reliability, I would still send my wife on a 5000 mile trip in this car and not worry. (if she could stand to sit in the seats!)

Fuel economy

Favorite features certainly include styling and space

Suggested Improvements

ride

Engine.

Build quality and reliability are fabulous. Great fun to punch the v6! Have alway thought this edition looked a bit odd, but the slightly extended trunk provides a better look than the bob-tailed 04.

6 disc CD player, steering wheel controls for cd-stereo. CC, powerful engine, SMOOTH shifting tranny and graphite color with gray interior. Carbon fiber interior accents and storage below center stack just right for cd storage.ALLOYS look awesome! 2 9-volt outlets available for phones. cup holders.

6 disc changer, gas mileage and power, smooth shifting 5 speed, comfy seats.

What sold me on the car was the style, comfort and the V6.

smooth engine, great interior handsome exterior quality feel

MPG for a midsize 4 door

New design on tail lights are sweet (looks like snake skin when lit), nice interior, new Sapphire Blue paint (my car) is very nice, acceleration, coin organizer in middle compartment, stock theft deterrent alarm, interior design/color. Oh of course, the feature of being able to afford to drive it.

Leather Seats are very comfortable, lumbar support, voice navigation is extremely accurate, quiet engine.

styling, handling, reliability

Almost everything in the car.

Very smooth acceleration, the beautiful finish on the exterior.

Hard to list a single favorite feature, but the 'cockpit' of the car is extremely comfortable and stylish. Those who would complain of the sound system in the car being 'underpowered' compared to the civic should consider how much quieter the ride of the Accord is compared to the Civic.

Royal blue pearl color, gas mileage, roominess, and purchase price 

Storage and bottle holders. I have never used the seat heaters. I like the safety features and the steering response and feel. Plenty of passenger space and knee room for times I'm loaded with friends. 

Leather, Heated Seats, 6 disc changer, XM radio(satellite rules!!)

The remote entry and anti-theft system. The efficient heater. The strong acceleration. The side curtain airbags.

Not that I sit in the back, but the rear seat room is sweet... I went from 31.5 inches in my old coupe to almost 36 in the sedan. And the acceleration in the V6 sedan.... so sweet, it doesn't take much to get it up and going.

6 Speed manual and shifter; dash and center console; smooth revving and powerful engine; Honda reliability; price

6 speed transmission mated to the 6 cylinder in the sedan. Heated mirrors and illuminated steering wheel controls, 17" wheels were needed.Did not really want the NAV system but was only 6 spd on the lot. Now its great having it. Like flying the Intruder aircraft. This car is a sleeper don't see many

Safety features (which will be needed if it keeps pulling off the roadway)

Illuminated controls on the steering wheel, Total of 8 cupholders, Remote built into the key, 6 CD Changer, Oil Life Display, Maintenance Minder, Auto off headlights, and Carbon Fiber Interior Accent

nice exterior design, very quiet engine

Precise steering, perfect cornering, great acceleration, drives well, big size tires, looks nice inside and outside, comfortable, plenty of space for legs, good visibility, bright head and stoplights, low noise from engine, heated front seats and mirrors.

Engine, 6-speed transmission, leather seats, A/C controls, Stereo w/XM satellite capability, rear seat leg room, trunk, blah, blah, blah.

Everything on this car. The ride, reputation, reliability. No worries with a Honda, you just start and drive it. Royal Blue color is off the hook. 

XM Satellite radio, power heated leather, sunroof, and plenty of room in the trunk. 

Reliability; safety; smooth-shifting 5-speed transmission; powerful 4-cyl engine; lighted visors; height- adjustable shoulder belts; excellent fit & finish throughout; and the satisfaction which comes from driving a car which is genuinely representative of the best that technology has to offer. 

Heated seats, XM radio and steering wheel controls.

speed

Handling, V-6, great looks, fit and finish,VSA,traction control, electronic brake distribution,air bags galore--fun to drive.

It looks nice on the outside but I would rather have an outside temp. gauge as standard equipment. A power seat as standard equipment. Programmable door locks as standard equipment. Dual split rear seats as standard equipment and highway milage that was equal to the 2003 Camry. 

Silky smooth V6, smart 5 speed transmission, proven design (last of the 7th gen), LX-V6 comes pretty much loaded with everything but leather and nav for under $23K.

Favorite feature the 5 speed auto it handles the 2.4 like a pro.

Suggested Improvements

I like it a lot.

cool blue color

Love the lumbar support, huge trunk, and back seat space.

Quiet engine, comfortable, navi system.

The sporty look. although it can be a family sedan, it doesn't feel like a family sedan. 



New exterior styling for 2007 Powerful, smooth engine Roomy interior with great sight lines out Radio controls on the steering wheel Dashboard layout 



1. The engine/transmission/suspension combination on this car is unmatched in this price category -- and rare in others. 2. Voice commands for just about everything revolutionizes the driving experience! 3. Comes in red with grey interior...not tan. THANK YOU HONDA!



Solid body structure. Drives excellent for 4 cylinder: Plenty of power and great handling sedan. 

Navigation, XM Radio and V6 power.

I love the very cool Navigation System, (standard on the EXL 4 cylinder in Canada), especially the Trip Computer, the Carbon Bronze color, and the very smooth but sporty ride and handling. Lots of pep for a four banger. Of course, you can't mention a Honda without praising its reliability.

electronic windows and defrost works great

Navigation and stereo system - I like the idea of touching the screen and voice command.

Great engine, XM radio, roomy interior, great color, fun to drive!

stylistic improvements over older models

Voice commands, XM radio, supple leather seating, acceleration and handling, bulletproof reliability record, anticipated future resale value

4cyl , gas mileage, looks and power

sound system, navigation, heated seats

Heated seats, XM radio, engine pep, ride, and super 5 speed auto trans. No timing belts to change. Overall everything is super.



Great engine, performs pretty good for a 4 cylinder. Like the cell phone attachment and the arm rest. Suspension its really smooth. 

Interior appointments not too much but definitely not too little just what you need to enjoy driving this great car

3L V6 is fun (powerful & economical). Steering mounted stereo/cruise controls is a nice feature. Handy/functional cup holders (front and rear). Like the daytime running lights safety feature. 

Fuel economy, peppy v6, build quality, XM radio, standard equipment, & handling.

Love the leather seats, heat seater, and the XM satellite radio. Was great to use the heated mirrors on a frosty mirror.

3.0L V-6, dual exhaust,and everything in between.

6-spd, and power leather seats for Driver and Passenger. Engine's power band is great, made better with VTEC around 4k rpm's. Handling is nice as well.

Gas mileage, color, dependability (i hope) purchased the additional 5-yr, 100,000 warranty.

6 airbags, great sound system, great mpg. power windows,,locks,,mirrors. cruise control!! nice standard 16" rims and tires. 

the v-6 engine provides more than enough power to get onthe freeway and go.

Color, gas mileage, safety features. I like most everything about the car. Good power for a 4 cyl.

Well laid out display cluster. Large CD storage bin thats easy to access. Steering wheel controls are intuitive to use without looking at.

I love everything, but the steering wheel audio controls are really nice. the cup holders, the spacious trunk, the valet key. Rolling down the windows with the remote is nice. Honda "Owner's link" is a nice touch. I also like the solid feel of the car as well as the handling. 

The controls on the steering wheel, comfortable seats and sunroof. There is plenty of room in the back seat for the kids. 

Cool blue is a very attractive color. Interior appointments are first rate. Great acceleration for a 4 cylinder. Very comfortable seats and excellent ergonomics.

lumbar seat, beautiful exterior finish, sound system, quiet ride, total comfort all around!

The sunroof is so much better than on my Maxima. It lets in a lot more air flow. Fold down rear seats are really nice and this is the first 4 door sedan I have owned that have this.

Navigation system, I-Pod attachment and voice recognition system along with the expensive looking wood grain interior upgrade to the default metal looking interior.

great radio and a/c. double wish bone suspension combined with the michelin energy tires. high quality of finish and trim. 4 cyl feels like a 6 cyl.

Heated leather seats. Radio controls on steering wheel. Excellent cruise control that actually keeps me from speeding...much.

Powerful V-6 engine; heated side mirrors; terrific sound system; comfortable seating; moonroof.

More cabin space and 6 cd changer. Solid rubber interior door lining and nicer looking interior with a metallic console design.

Side curtain air bags, cushioned arm rests, alloy wheels for the LX model.

My favorite features in my 2007 Accord are all the standard airbags, anti-lock brakes, great music system and believe it or not, all the cup holders. When you're traveling with a full car of people everyone has a place for their drinks. The Honda Accord makes sense.

Gas mileage, leather, peppy engine, ride and erogonomics. Side airbags and side curtain airbags. 5 star frontal crash rating, 4 star side rating.

The leather seats are very comfortable, and the stereo system sounds great! There's plenty of leg room in the back seat and the interior is good quality. The back light that used to be in the rear window of the old Accords and is now on the trunk lid was a great improvement. 

Satellite radio, good for our trips.

Fabulous radio, CD changer, 8 cup holders.



Acceleration is great, mpg better than expected for a V-6, nav system is really cool.

Everything that makes the Accord legendary - practical, reliable, economical - in a sleek, sporty coupe that's comfortable and fun to drive 

Quick for a 4 cyl, great fuel economy, low insurance cost and there tons of aftermarket parts to make your run-of- the-mill sedan unique

Gas mileage, reliability, engine performance. The VP is a great value.

Everything is where it should be. The ergonomics are great. Plenty of pep for a 4 cyl. The car looks good and has a stable solid feel.

Comfy seats. Radio Controls on steering. Double wishbone suspension. Roomy interior. Push down back seat - holds my mountain bike!! 

Fuel economy and navigation system

240+ hp engine; LED lights

Extra 12V outlet in center console easily powers 2-3 laptops. Nicely designed moonroof. Ample power and handling. Fast heat in winter, excellent A/C, buttery soft leather, stability control. 

Sharp wheels, great seats, decent stock stereo

Handling, speakers, fuel efficiency, powerful four-cylinder.

Large radio controls, front-and-center with the less-used temp controls below. Large display (speedo, tach, etc.). LED tail lamps. The interior is bigger and cleaner than an Altima without being boring like a Camry. 

interior styling gas mileage stick shift ease of maintenance trunk space

Looks nice

Heated leather seats, room and great gas mileage. This car also has 260 HP in a Hybrid- it moves!

Fun to drive (MT). Fuel economy is impressive (195-65-15 tires). Price.

None - econobox for $28K. Amazingly, but I bought my 9-5 Linear for $27K with GM discount! This is clear example of Japanese baloney!

Vsc, anti-lock brakes ebs, vsa. 17" wheels and tires, chrome dual exhausts, royal blue Pearl paint. Really, just too much to write about. Glad I didn't buy the 08'

The EX-L V6 comes loaded - power/heated seats, moonroof, 6 disc in-dash, etc, etc, etc. All the practicality of a family car w/enough power to still have some fun!

DVD, navi, power, performance and reliable

Style, leg room, cup holders, dash board, 

Looks (17" wheels, with mudguards and a trunk spoiler), reliability, interior dashboard layout, steering wheel mounted radio controls. Handling, Steering feedback, fun to drive and color (Cool Blue Metallic) Spacious trunk and back seats fold when more room is necessary. It's a Honda.

Fuel Economy, Tail Lights , Leather Seats and interiors

I love the way it feels like your floating on air when cruising on the highway.

Decent gas mileage with decent interior room. Real cold air conditioner. Radio controls on steering wheel.

Spacious interior. Auto-down/up driver's window. Big Trunk. Tight shift pattern and GREAT clutch. Daytime running lamps. Awesome fuel economy(better than the '08 by a long shot). Quiet engine/trans. This is a super car. I love it.

comfort and smooth drive.

Recently waxed the car for the first time and impressed with the ease and results. Monochrome door/moldings are very cool. 

Navigation system. 6 disc in dash CD sounds good, and lots of features. I love the XM feature, (but XM sound quality is bad). I have tan leather interior which comes with wood trim, and looks really nice. 

Back lit instrument panel. Stereo system. It's not Bose but it sounds almost as good to me. I've actually had people think its a Bose system when in the car. 



Navigation System is the best of any system made. Gas mileage is phenomenal

Navigation, leather seats, sunroof, wheels, dual exhaust, inexpensive upkeep

This car does everything very well. 

GAS MILEAGE!

Legendary Honda built quality

Loads of fun (and i'm a hobby mechanic who has played around and modified more than my share of cars). double-spoke alloy rims. carbon-fiber on interior. remote window opener. smooth ride with responsive steering. i just love the over-all driving experience i get. 

Quick and easy. Lots of fun to drive.

The entire car!

Easy to drive, great fuel economy



5 speed manual. Storage locations. standard power locks/windows/cruise

Free-revving, powerful engine. Sunroof. Build quality. Nice steering feel. 6MT transmission is fun.

Classy Acura knock off lines. 2.4 Vtech rocks. Nice little option packages, handles great for a non- perforamce ride.

Big radio and climate buttons are easy to use with gloves, but not too ugly. Remote opening of all 4 windows is great when car is parked on a hot day. Overall quality. Very good (4 wheel disk) brakes. Electroluminescent gauges.



1) Sunroof 2) V6 power 3) resale and 4) reliability for the 1st 10k miles

Standard, sunroof, leather, heated seats

Power, 6 spd. - even with cold weather problem, heated seats/mirrors. Steering wheel with radio/cruise controls.

Voice command, daytime running lights, sportier styling than in older models. around 21 mpg in the city, around 30- 33 on the highway.

Interior design. Exterior back side. Safety features.

Exterior styling, interior controls, safety features, ease of handling, moon/sunroof, audio system.

XM satellite radio, leather seats, engine, heated seat warmers

Great list of safety features (side curtain air bags, Stability Control, solid crash ratings); responsive V-6 w/ comparable gas mileage to 4 cylinder. Currently get 25 MPG w/ a/c; 28 MPG w/o on 90% highway driving. Exterior styling is great and I love the red color they have.

Handling, steering, transmission performance, and dash design. 

I really like the way Honda packaged this version of the SE; it's not just another EX with a different badge. It comes standard with all the safety features, 6 disc changer, brake assist, VSA, 17 in wheels, and no options. It's truly a Special Edition. I especially like the acceleration, handling.

decent pickup. steering world radio and cruise controls. 6 CD changer. heated front seats. 

Fun to drive and great on gas.



V6, handling, brakes, safety, comfort, quality, resale value.

To start it's a sharp looking sedan, I chose the charcoal color and highly reccomend it. This car also has plenty of room for full size adults. The fact it has 6 airbags didn't hurt either, quite a safe car for the money. And I average 30 mpg all around.

Nice EOM sound, high crash test ratings, sportly look, roomy interior, LED tail lights, tight build quality.

Leather seat warmers, heated defrosting mirrors, xm radio nice treat and hugs the road very nicely.

The car is more comfortable (interior) than the 06 Camry I traded for. The powertrain is also smoother than the Camry was, but the V-6 SE Camry did ride smoother than the Accord (even without the vibration). The mileage is about average at 24 MPG combined driving. I like the redesigned rearend. 

Smooth shifting 6-speed; roomy interior; well equipped standard features - 6 airbags; ABS; stability control; heated leather; sunroof; anticipated Honda reliability; regular gas

Sporty look,roomy interiors, controls on steering wheel.

XM, room, leather, engine

V6 performance with very good MPG. You wouldn't know it's a hybrid. Heated leather seats, quality feel of the ride, moonroof, no sales tax for hybrid.

Clean styling. Quality build. 

