Exterior design, redesigned console/dash and the quiet ride. Feels tighter with a better finish. It is a gentle giant among other large vehicles. 

Spacious interior

Leather seats, Smooth ride, Space, Large engine

Comfort in all driving situations on and offroad. I was run of the road at night by a drunk driver while doing 70mph and had to go down an embankment. I floored the gas pedal and steered where I wanted to go and this truck did miracles avoiding a rollover and returning me to the road safely.

DVD player, XM Radio, heated seats, rear buckets - easy access to third row seats.

The interior is great for the kids to get in and out of. The exterior is a great design as well. The back up camera is great and I like the onstar feature. We have the LTZ with all of the bells and whistles which I really like. The auto start is great to get the car warm or cold for the kids.

seats and body style best looking SUV on the road

LTZ-model has everything you need. Kids are having a blast with entertainment system.

Rides smooth, moon roof, DVD for the kids, roomy interior, handsome body, overall a fabulous looking car with gorgeous/stylish features.

Cant really think of anything outstanding. My wife wanted the vehicle. You all know how that is. 

Roomy, cargo area, looks, gas is not so bad considering it is a large. We average a tank of gas every 4 weeks in city driving, impressive!

The quiet ride.

I love the interior design, the exterior design (very snazzy front end), redesigned brake system (stops on a dime), and love the "car like" ride. This is my 3rd Burb and all new school stuff. On board computer system is nice too. (Too bad the motor is garbage!) 

Love the cruise / audio controls on steering wheel. 

Looks. Cargo space. MPG is pretty good (19+ highway)

I own the LTZ model, I like the new interior, second row captain chairs, plenty of legroom in the third row. The navigation system and dvd easy to use, and of course the new exterior you just can't get tired of. Every time I see it, its still a "wow".

Heated seats, remote start, power lift gate, power 2nd row seats, rear seat entertainment, large sunroof, good mpg for a large SUV.

The second row heated buckets are the best thing about the vehicle and they fold and tumble out of the way in a flash.

Comfortable seats and leg room

Full functioning seats with heat and lumbar, turning radius, OnStar, XM radio, remote start, power folding mirrors, power liftgate. Parking assist feature. Power sunroof.

Sitting up high and being able to see past the car in front of you. The solid feel of the truck vs the flimsy feel of a mini van. the kick in the pants performance of the V8. I love the power .

Automatic rear lift gate, remote ignition starter, rear entertainment system. 



The rear hatch. No tail gate to load things over. also the VIC(vehicle information center) lets you know what's going on with the truck's engine, fuel situation and trip miles and time. The standard Audio center is also enjoyable without upgrade.

Electronic liftgate, electronic captain's chairs, DVD and XM sound system, ride and quietness.

Towing/cargo capacity. Horsepower and torque. New design is great.



Hauling capacity, good looks, power everything, luxury features.

Driver's controls. Navigation. Bose stereo/DVD

Interior room 

Bose stereo, sunroof, rear park and power pedals.

Power folding second row captain's chairs. Power liftgate. In-dash navigation with back up camera a must! Great looks with flared fenders and brushed silver mesh grille. 



Driveability best I have ever experienced (15 vehicles in 40 years behind the wheel). A smooth yet firm feel exudes confidence. New gadgets are very entertaining.

Good looking, smoth ride, excellent fuel economy for that size, auto tailgate, sunroof. Rear A/C is nice as well as rear audio. Lots of space but in the 3rd row. Quietness is perfect, no rattles or squeaks. Only 4 gear auto is no problem. Child seat restraints.

Seats are comfortable. Rear camera, and parking sensor makes parking easy. Never thought we would like the XM radio but will renew it. Remote start on a cold AM. We love this 'burb. And with the power hatch we can load the dogs while still in the house. This is what an SUV was made for and it works

Improved braking, handling and overall ride. Excellent Bose system.

Z71 package. Active fuel management. Nav. Bucket seats. OnStar, remote start

I'm too bitter to think of one now.

DVD, park assist, remote starter, heated lumbar, Bose 9 speaker system with sub in middle console, rear view mirrors tilting when in reverse, rain sensing wipers, hands-free calling built in, just everything!

I still agree 100% with my raving review posted here last year (see below). Outstanding build quality, great design, potent engine, long both on "sport" and "utility", overall a terrific truck!

Steering wheel controls, sunroof, navigation, electric tailgate, stabili- track ride is great

Interior comfort, rear view camera, Nav

Family space.

I love the optional dvd player, premium leather seats, and its spacious interior.

On wheel controls are cool. Volume control is set up like the plane's trim control. You never need to take your hands off the wheel.

Roomy, smooth ride, and great new body design. V4 feature on cruising speeds gets me 21-22 highway. Are you kidding me?

Large, very comfortable leather seats.

The ride is as good as it gets

Sunroof, DVD player/wireless headphones. RainSense wipers. Power folding rear seats, heated leather seats Never thought I'd want them, now I never want to be without them!

The tailgate life by just a touch of a button. This is nice when your hands are full or your wife is needing to get into the back with a package.

Interior and exterior. This is not your Dad's Chevy. It rides like a Mercedes and drives like one too. 

My favorite features would have to be the sunroof, power lift rear door, and the leather.



Auto fold 2nd row captain's seats, driver info computer, tire pressure monitor, rear camera.

The additional room, features, and luxury are much appreciated. Beautiful inside and out, to look at, and to drive. Super comfortable seats. Great sound system. Compared to our previous 2004, the new one seems like a Lexus inside. Nice job GM!

Rear back-up camera (highly recommended) and rear parking assist works well. Nav radio & rear DVD systen is nice. Power liftgate is convienent. Remote start. Heated washer fluid. Power tumble 2nd row. Heated seats. Rainsense wipers automatically change speed based on need.

Ride height, vehicle ride. Navigation system, entertainment system with head phones, sound system, satellite radio. Rain sensing wipers. Memory seats, heated seats, leather seats, powered rear hatch, remote start, power folding second row seats with push of button. MP3 player connection, sunroof.

Looks, space, build quality, great interior, excellent fit and finish. Comfortable and effortless long distance cruiser. First rate sound and navigation system. This is a SUV that runs with the best of them in every respect and GM should be proud of it! 

Styling, comfort, performance and reliability. Electronic dual climate control along with rear seat passenger seaparate climate control. And, my back seat passengers are really going to like the heated rear seats. My son would say the ceiling mounted DVD player is his favorite.

Backing up sensors and camera, very roomy with quad seating, auto start, navigation system, rides like a luxury vehicle.

Plenty of cargo space. 2nd and 3rd row plenty of room for people over 6 feet. Seats are excellent over long distances. Window defogger in passenger rear window for blind spot. Easy turning radius 

Exterior and interior looks. V8, rear wheel drive. Towing capacity, trunk space, standard wheels and tires. Wife and kids love the XM radio.

There is a small jack in the dash where I can connect my IPOD, and it will play through the radio system including the rear seat system.

More room than 2005. More stability. 

Auto start. Climate control separate for front passengers. Automatic lights. Parking sensors. Curb tilt. Controls on steering wheel that light up. Bose stereo system is awesome. Curtain side airbags. Big roomy seats throughout the truck.

The backup camera makes trailer attachment much easier. 

Spacious interior, navigation, flex fuel and fuel management system



The new smart motor, remote starter system, the front seats make you feal like you are at home in the recliner, and DVD system that allows you to listen to the radio while the kids watch their DVD's.

