Functionality, fold down (almost flat) seats. Stylish exterior. Sound system and climate package are great. One-touch windows and sunroof a great feature. 

Designed for safety & quality - you feel it everywhere; fantastic sound system; interior and exterior design;

Acceleration. Responsiveness. Auto/Manual tranny. 

Interior and exterior design. More storage than there appears to be. Gas mileage a bit better than I thought it would be.

Euro styling, turbo, comfort and safety

Interior and exterior design. Great seats fuel mileage has been higher than expected.

Top notch sound system. Quite smooth highway ride. Good fuel mileage. 

Throttle tip-in, surround sound system (upgrade), seats, fantastic seat heaters, decent fuel mileage for its weight and power train configuration.

Looks inside out, audio upgrade, very roomy inside.

The basic radio sounds very good. The console is neat! Good feel for the road on turns. Seat adjustments are easy to use.

Torque-y engine, tight suspension corners like a mother. Smoothest, easiest manual you will ever drive. Even in stop and go traffic, does not buck until you are almost at 0 mph. 

Manual transmission, awesome stereo sound, AWD, tons of space (for Dogs and camping gear).

Performance, handling and the seats.

Styling Comfort Sound System Gas mileage Dealership Experience Financing Package 

AWD , Nice Auto , Passing Power Power Memory Seats , Head Light Washers Rear Window Wiper ! Keyless entry

Motor , 6 CD Loader in Dash with Stero Inputs 6 speed. Zoom Zoom Factor - Nice Sounds Coming from Engine Bay ! and AWD ! 

Body styling, acceleration for a 5 cyl and Premium sound system. Sporty ride and response. 

The V50, as all Volvos, has outstanding seats. The T5 engine is powerful, especially at mid-range, without displaying any annoying turbo lag. The floating center stack is simple and ergonomically designed. Cornering radius is very good. Thoughtful safety features abound.

SEATS, seats and seats (best OEM seats out there). Navigation system, rain sensing wipers, premium sound system and 6-spd manual transmission.

