Fuel economy and ergonomics of inside car. Loved the small steering wheel and heads up display. Very modern interior.

Digital sppedometer and dash. Interior looks of very good quality. 4-wheel disk brakes (better stopping). 2door, looks sporty and young. Seats are more supportive and better looking than the sedan. Steering wheel (better looking than the sedan) side door shape (again better looking than the sedan).

Tight steering, great mileage, reliability above all, resale value, purchase price, fun to drive. Airbags all around.

Atomic Blue paint. Alloy wheels. Exterior styling. Small steering wheel with radio controls. Solid, sporty feel. Good gas mileage.

gas mileage

Look.

Most of the interior, doesn't look cheap. Love the digital speedometer, especially during the night. Looks very sporty especially with black rims and projector lamps. V-Tec very good mpg if you cruise a lot on the freeway. 4 WHEEL DISC BRAKES.

Interior, dash display, Blue color is very nice, headlights are good, good MPG, safe, very easy and predictable to drive.

Modern sleek Design inside and out. MPG

Dashboard gauges are easy to see while driving.

Large trunk, digital speedometer, AUX jack, and the manual transmission that makes the car so much fun to drive.

Gas mileage, roomy, stylish

i v-tec

Gas Mileage, Gas Mileage, Gas Mileage. Smiling as those Yukons and suburbans rush to the red light in front of me.Giving it back to the oil companies and helping the environment. Additionally car engine shuts off when you stop only to start again when you release the brake, this process is seamless.

Dashboard, pickup, gas mileage, roominess

Large trunk. Aux jack that connects IPOD to stereo. Digital Dash.

Vtec, figi blue, build quality, reliability, MPG, seats (front), trunk space, handling, breaking, 20-60 acceleration. 8k redline. 

Gas mileage. No blind spots. Better than expected acceleration. iPod/MP3 connection.

Body Style, Handling, Digital Speedometer.

Style: this car turns heads! Also, the gas mileage. I drive from WI to FL and back often and I got 42 MPG with a trunk full and the air on at 75 - 80 MPH. The handling is superb!

love the v tec sound and stock exhaust

Good gas mileage and reliable.

The car is fun to drive but that's about it.

Steering wheel--much more adjustable than my '02 Civic. Also smaller in diameter which makes it easier to steer. Dashboard--I love the easier to read display and windshield which is raked at an extreme angle. It makes the interior feel much larger. Trunk size-huge-even with battery pack. 

Vtec, comfort, xm ready, the way the body of the car looks, The sound the muffler makes is great. You don't sound like a cheap old Honda trying to be an Si. It has a nice purr to it.

Interior gauge cluster and slick 5- speed manual.

I love the moon roof, the digital controls and the blue lighted dashboard. 

Overall packaging. This is a loaded car with everything a normal driver would want. The engine purrs and we get a lot of compliments from people about the exhaust note. The Si wheels makes such a difference in the appearance of the Civic. Despite what others say, the dash board rocks! 

My life before I purchased this car. 

Body style, stereo system, smooth ride.

Voice activated commands, PC card slot makes my iPod obsolete since the memory can be expanded cheaply!

gas mileage

Navigation is Awesome!, Gas Mileage, Interior Styling, Gas Mileage, Heater (Hopefully the A/C works as good!), Gas Mileage, Appeals to all generations, Gas Mileage...lets face it, that is why you buy this car. If gas wasn't $3.25+ a gallon I would be driving a gas guzzler like the good ol' days.



6spd, 4 dr, 17" wheels, handling, arm rests, steering wheel controls

Gas mileage!

Dash and gauge cluster looks cool. Engine does its job well and is very quiet. Ride is smooth and sporty. 

Love the quick shifting gearbox, the suspension that is firm & sporty but not at all jarring on a daily basis. Overall appearance (Galaxy Grey) is subtle but sleek. The VTEC is waaaay too much fun to play with and bad for the gas mileage! 

Handling, reliability, inexpensive to own.

It's Green.... 40-45 mpg/highway on a warm sunny day with no wind.

Digital dash, fuel economy, easy-to-use controls, spacious interior, great cup holders in front, great "thump" when doors close.



Mileage, looks, blue dash lights, size. 

All out blast to drive, large moonroof, excellent sound system, interior room is very spacious, & the interior upholstery is very stylish, functional, and feels great. 

ABS system. Quality of seats. Gas mileage. 

The car is extremely fun to drive. The navigation system is one of the best. The radio is very good. 

Central control and dash. Style. Comfort. Reliability. MP3 capability with CD and MP3 jack. Room. Above average MPG. Cup holders. Trunk size. Maintenance minder. Digital MPH display. Custom welcome display on radio. Driver height adjustment. Handles very well. Above average in snow. 

VTEC, 17" rims, 6 speed gearbox, exhaust sound, spoiler, the looks you get when you roll through a mall parking lot just to list a few.

Style

Alloy wheels, four-wheel discs and a 7- speaker system w/subwoofer on the EX; exterior styling; interior comfort and layout; transmission/clutch combination; driver's seat height can be adjusted; system sounds pretty good for a stock compact car

Love the exterior look and interior design. I like the handling and speed the most.

fuel economy

Apperance, vtec, aggressive exhaust, interior and dash, awesome sound system, sunroof, racing features, a great car for the money

Navigation and XM radio

Digital speedometer, fuel economy, handling, cabin space.

Nav system, audio system, steering wheel controls, 2-tier instrument cluster (looks great at night), XM satellite radio, pretty quiet engine, good comfort for an economy car

MPG. Styling. Being a hybrid version of a very capable model line up, rather than a purpose built, hybrid-only vehicle. Not standing out as a hybrid on the road. I prefer to be less conspicuous.

Multiple power jacks and an aux input for the ipod is handy. Center console is convenient for stashing stuff.

It performs really well, and I also like the sound system. My favorite feature over all is the digital gauges.

Outside styling speedometer location and display size CD playback is good security system (despite a few false alarms) wide range of adjustment of front seats cruise control (although I wish I had more opportunity to use it).

Dash design. Radio and speakers. Gas mileage!!

I like the eye-level speedometer, it helps me avoid getting speeding tickets but even this sometimes causes arguments with my wife who can see the speedometer clearly when I am driving.

Except for being underpowered on the highway, it drives pretty nice. Nice interior design. Gauge lay out and dash is very straight forward and easy to use. Doesn't look like a hybrid except for the wheels.

Digital speedo works well for me. Navi and audio displays are user friendly, work superbly. 5-sp manual/clutch are the only way to go to extract best mileage (forget the EPA) and performance.

Economy can't be beat. Solid build quality, features for the price, paint quality, materials, resale value.

My favorite features are the roominess, the handling and the instrument panel. So driver friendly.

I like the gearbox and the way the seats hold you in position (during aggressive cornering). I really like the gauge cluster as well.

Trunk pop on key, 5 speed shifter, fuel economy, smooth ride, comfortable seats, good handling. 

I like the ergonomic steering wheel with indentations to fit my hand, the high quality adjustable cup holders (and the door that slides over them when not in use), the cell phone holder is a perfect fit and in a nice location. I like the storage in the doors for maps and water bottles. 

Good gas mileage of course. Very good stereo. Lots of safety equipment.

Mileage and mileage gauge; engine shut off at stop...no wasting gas and pumping junk in the air; radio; cup holders and storage; dash; steering wheel controls; modern look; good A/C; programmable locks; 

Two-tier digital display of odometer w/ a blue background.

Digital speedometer, subwoofer, sunroof, CD text display, steering wheel music controls, and height adjustment on the drivers seat (necessary if you have an EX (sunroof) and are over 5.9 or so)

The looks and the great seats, along with the 6 speed and powerful 2 liter when reved to 8000.

Audio card. Sliding armrest, steering wheel design and feel, aluminum pedals, trunk opener on key. Stereo system sounds great. Cup holders are great. They can even hold squared bottles. Folding side mirrors, maintaince minder system, nice looking and comfortable sports seats,17'' alloy rims,sunroof.

I enjoy the dashboard and the location of the spedometer and fuel gauge. Also, the windshield wipers are powerful! The exterior body style is also very nice. I have the royal blue color and love it! 

Sound system, XM radio, steering wheel audio controls, 2-tier instrument cluster (looks great at night), very quiet engine

Speedometer, feel, looks, predicted gas mileage, steering wheel mounted controls, automatic climate control.

Mileage, interior, handling, everything.

Opal blue silver exterior color, iPod hookup, auto-dimming rearview mirror, tilt/telescoping steering wheel, gas mileage meter next to the speedometer. Speedometer in line of sight, great gas mileage, auto A/C, turn signals in the side mirrors, and 8year/80000 mile warranty on the battery. 

VTEC, muffler sound is aggressive without being over the top, handling is sharp, clutch is very tight and easy to use, seats are surprisingly comfortable even on long drives, multiple power outlets, mp3 plug and play feature.

As a mother- I like the airbags. JB likes the interior/exterior look. Oh - we both think it neat how the radio spells out "Hello Jordan" when she turns on the car.

Turning radius, style, gas mileage.

Dash, motor, handling

The clutch and the 6 speed manual are very smooth and precise. Comfortable sport seats, standard cloth, sunroof, loud enough stereo, makes it a great buy.

Horsepower, sleek looks, the speedometer location, the 160 watt standard sound system, with external audio jack for my iPod. Roomy inside. Extra wide 205, 17" tires. 

Dash design, exterior appearance, gas mileage.

Fuel economy!! Fit and finish; gas cap access inside; MPG continuous display. Fingertip cruise and radio on steering wheel. Floor mats included! Cool motor shutdown at stop. Trip odometer and trip MPG computer (after 2000 mi I still compute per tank mileage 3-4 MPG above the computer). 

The engine. It makes the best noises. Also, the stereo is very clear. The car is quick through traffic. Visibility is good. It drives like a much larger car.

Roomy (see above). The navigation system is sweet and the XM radio is phenomenal. Of course the MPG is great as well. Oh yeah, and it looks a lot better than a Prius.

Styling, handling, gas mileage and price

Great interior, nice body style, great handling, MPG master

Aux input, resale & gas milegage.



Favorite feature is the navigation w/ XM and an MP3 memory slot. Voice activated too.

Suggested Improvements

Dash board display. Center console between seats. Love the rear-end look of the coupe. Love how it shifts so smooth too.

Beautiful car - I got the icy blue color - and of course the gas mileage! I also love that I can cram it full of stuff. The seats are comfortable, the headrests and seat belts are adjustable, and little storage compartments are everywhere. The blue dashboard lights-very cool! A great value car.

Transmission, suspension, and engine. Freeway driving 75mph I've turned 33mpg, normal driving route I'm turning ~29 (about 70% freeway) and I don't shy from using the 6k+ zone! Sound system is great too - this vehicle is a great car for this price. Repeat: great car for the money.

2.0 DOHC I-VTEC motor, you have to drive it to understand. I also like all the extras, one touch moonroof, 7 speaker stereo with the steering wheel controls, and the dual level bright red digital gauges.

It's size. Compact without feeling too small. Sporty look.

Place of controls in the interior, high revving engine, flat torque curve, great gas mileage (average 29-31), awesome seats, vtec, the sound of the stock exhaust (makes a beautiful sound)

Armrest moves forward for comfortable driving position. Nice coupe styling. Good cupholders that hold onto your drink no matter the size. Great gas mileage. Averaging about 34mpg with more highway miles than city. 

Instrument panel layout. Great gas mileage. Great looks. Comfortable interior. Sunroof.

By far the gas mileage, second the navigation. The gauge cluster, and handling. 

The above-dash speedometer, fuel gauge and temperature gauge is beautiful. For once, I don't have to move my hands to see the speed gauge, as I often do with the steering wheel all the way up. The radio, though simple in my model, is very intuitive.

Great stereo with aux port for my Ipod, love the digital speedometer, excellent mileage

Stereo is awesome. The car is fun when you wind it out and fly through some turns. Dash layout is good. Exterior styling.

Smooth shifting, pick-up, dashboard

Speed, fuel and temp almost at eye level make monitoring easier, it has good sound for a stock stereo, it has a comfortable ride and good handling, there was plenty of rear seat room for my 6' tall son-in-law, trunkspace is very usable and it's a very cool looking car with a great visual design.

The K20 motor is almost as much fun to push as the F22C1 from my S2000...again, almost. The rest of the drivetrain works well...partial thanks goes to the hydraulic clutch. Being able to plug in an iPod for my 1600 mile trip was also great...sound quality was superb. 

Modern interior. MPG! V-Tech engine!

Mileage.

Handling, comfort.

 The V-tech sounds great at any speed. Handles like a dream, take it into a corner at any speed and have fun. Great sound system. 

High revving engine; decent cornering; great fuel economy for a non-hybrid; reliable as snot.

Dashboard feels like you are in a airplane cockpit. I just love the overall vehicle. 

LCD Dash design

Controls, displays, thoughtful design features, brakes.

Engine, VTEC, high RPMs, sound, shifter snick-snick, front/side view, LSD (you can so feel this in cornering), sport suspension but it does get rough, interior is first class, i like the dash!

CD/GPS system but the audio performance is not all that great.

little depreciation,gas mileage,looks,Atomic Blue,plays mp3's, one touch open/close roof,and drivers window.Handling,sci-fi dash,Oil Life meter,I test drove almost 10 cars from Dodge Hemi AWD,to Hyndai Sonata, to Impala SS. After Months of research, and reviews I kept coming back to the Honda Civic.

XM radio.

Location of speedometer. Drivers seat adjustments. MP3/Aux outlet. Fuel economy. Fairly quiet ride 

MPG, baby. Didn't care for the styling at first but it grew on me. Dash takes getting used to but once you do it all makes sense. Great forward view. The digi-speedo really is nice perched up there almost like a HUD display. Car is quiet and feels very roomy. Very solid feel on the highway

Love the looks, speed, and mpg

MPG, interior design, handling

Sunroof, handling and gas mileage

Well, nobody every calls you an idiot for getting a Civic. I got tired of people yakkin' about my '95 Neon - which outperformed this car every way to Sunday. But they don't make Neons now.

MPG and storage space

Sunroof, stereo, seats, steering, overall design.

Exhaust note: sounds great, but not too loud, just right. Sound system is nice. I love the the design of the body, the wheels, everything about it. 

Mileage, responsive steering, solid build.

The dashboard is easy to read and the backlit blue LED makes it very easy to read. Love the design much better then the competitor hybrid model. Looks more like a regular car. 

I like everything about the car. The ride and seats are very comfortable and the car is very quiet.

Gas mileage. Exterior style. The doors shut quietly, they don't need a whole lot of force to close. Large interior space.

Seating, dashboard, external design, engine.

Navigation system, PC card reader, VSM (yes, it actually makes the car fun to drive), K20!, smoothest shifter I've ever used, coolest interior I've ever seen.

Navigation, new design, gas mileage and it's comfortable to drive.

Exterior design, fit and finish, interior comfort and convenience. The dash board is simple and easily readable, and the steering wheel controls are well placed and easy to use. The sun roof controls are simple to use and work flawlessly. I also like the spare tire tools and storage.

Comfort, handling.

Design is all-around fantastic. Engine is extremely rewarding, although if you constantly push it you'll get the lower end of the rated MPG (~24-27). Not a surprise; I simply consider this the "pay to play" factor.

Voice recognition navigation is assume. All controls are within reach.

The blinkers feel cushioned and soft. The quality of interior and exterior is nice. Seats are soft; I get lots of compliments on the roominess, too. Trunk is large. Alarm system is great. Digital mileage readout is nice. Love the cupholders. 

Gas mileage! I average 28 city and 33 hwy. The room in the back seat is great. I'm 6'1" and I fit back there with room to spare. Daytime running lights. 

Gas mileage, practicality, good looks, good stereo system.

Rear design, economical, nice to operate.

Aux jack for MP3 players is very nice. Very quiet ride.

Gas mileage, interior design, manual transmission, steering wheel controls

Power, acceleration, and handling!

Safety equipment, handling, quiteness and generally fun to drive

It is a good looking car on the outside.

The interior is like a spaceship, EX model stereo is very very good, AUX port. MT shifts very smooth, seats are very comfortable, the look of the car is fantastic ( I put the OEM 17" Si wheels on mine ), the EX brakes are also very good!

Mileage readings, navi with XM, steering wheel controls, feel of steering wheel. Outside temperature gauge.

Cockpit and seating comfort, great standard audio, handling, moonroof, trunk size, looks

The MP3 plug in already installed, the trunk release and the controls on the steering wheel. 

Great handling, exterior styling, aggressive interior, aftermarket support.

My favorite features are the exterior styling, the 350 watt radio with aux. jack sounds great. The outside temp gauge, big "in your face" speedometer, trunk release on the key fob, great wheels.

Digital odometer. MP3/WMA capable player. Little people friendly driver seat and be able to pull in/out steering wheel.

Body style, cost to own, fuel efficiency, comfort of front seats.

Dash layout. 

MPGs, seats feel great on long trips. Honda knows refinement. The American auto makers need to follow from the leader. I even have a place for my cell phone.

Exterior styling, color, two-tier instruments.

Performance, creature comforts, exhaust, and wheels

Radio controls on dash, trunk open button on key, exterior temperature gauge and redesigned console space (i.e drink holders and storage space). The dashboard is pretty nice too.

Handling, safety features, comfort, power, fuel mileage, sounds, performance.

Great design, inside and out, and very comfortable. Threw out independent back support. Fun. Good visibility. Sticks to the road well and does better than expected in snow. Cruise control's a joy. Feel so much safer in it than past cars! 

Sporty appearance, nice rims. Good handling and a smooth 6speed. The Fiji Blue Pearl paint is amazing to look at. Fuel economy is good. The sticker says 23cty 32hwy and that is about what I get. Nice sound system. Big trunk. Comfy seats. The fun starts at about 6000 rpms so on ramps are always a blast!

 Dashboard readouts, sound system.

Fuel economy, safety, power, reliabilty

Economy of course. Solid doors and all the airbags. MP3 hookup.

Gas mileage, dash board, controls, trunk space, seats

My favorite feature include telescoping steering wheel, navigation, 350 watt stereo, digital speedometer display, seats, windshield wipers, manual shifter.

Exterior color, moonroof (especially one-touch open/close feature), digital speedometer, oil life meter, exterior temp meter. The smooth ride, exterior style, just about everything!

Fuel economy, split dash, styling, oil condition display, outside air temp, front seat comfort.

Handling, high revving motor.

Superb iVTEC engine, awesome gearbox, 8000 rpm redline, great looks, fun to drive and practical.

Performance and fuel economy.

Solid ride and room and oh, 33 mpg city and 42 mpg highway, resale value, great looking, 

Navi, ivtec engine, interior (like a spaceship), turning heads for a 4 door Civic.

Quiet engine, engine sleeps when you are waiting at the light. Comfortable and fun to drive. Excellent radio and love the dash.

Too many to mention. Comfort, ride, fuel economy and roominess are all great. Having smart airbags, side curtain airbags and side airbags is comforting. Stereo is terrific, especially with the iPod dock. Can't say enough.

Gas mileage, handling, dash.

The display for speed up in the dash is very sleek. I love the feel of the car.

Speedometer placement and instrument panel, full view through windshield, airbags and safety rating, steering wheel controls

Gas mileage. Quality build. Interior has great finish. Exterior design is top notch!

Handling, dash display is beautiful, and of course, MPG.

It is surprisingly comfortable, feels heavy as a mid-size sedan, and the 4-cylinder has a lot of get up and go, not sluggish on take-off like some. So far I've gotten 38.8 mpg. I love the moonroof on my EX. I'm impressed with the overall quality of the car.

Aside from the sweet engine and great fuel economy, I love the roominess of both the front and rear seats in the sedan model. It is roomier than my wife's old 04 BMW 325i! Since it is a sedan, I had no problems installing two car seats in the back for my kids. I also love the Navi and XM radio.

Ipod/MP3 plugin,Navagation system. Split dash.Gas milage button on dash while driving

Exhaust... 8000+ rpm red-line.. Sports car handling & noises over 6K rpm.. Sleeper credentials with regular colors.. Ergonomics and seats.. Standard sunroof and those nice looking 17" wheels. Gas mileage... once broken-in(for me it was around 2500 miles), you get 28+ no matter how you drive. 

Everything. Interiors are fantastic, gas milage is excellent.

Just about everything. Especially like the sound from the standard AM/FM? CD player. Handling is outstanding. Engine is smooth and silent until you get up in the rev range when you want to hear something.

Like I said above, the sunroof, and the handling.

Great gas mileage. Telescoping steering column.

Looks, many standard options, voice command and integrated audio/navi system.

Styling - inside and out. Stance. Quality of materials. Crash rating and side/curtain airbags. Fuel economy; I drive 90 city/10 hwy and get 30 mpg. Handling qualities - very well balanced. Performance. Storage bins/locations. Good visibility. Sunroof. Large buttons, knobs and intuitive controls. 

Miles, miles, miles, no gas station needed yet. Handles great, beautiful interior, comfortable, fun to drive.

Curtain airbags, radio controls on the wheel, music player (aux) connection, CD player plays MP3s, moonroof.

Ergonomics are great. I love the 2-tier dash and driving position. The cupholders are nice and deep and storage options abound. The magnetic gray metallic paint also looks awesome in the sun. I'm 6'4" and I have plenty of leg/hip/head room even for long drives. Much more room than the Prius.

Fun to drive, neat dash board.

Nice look and very fun to drive. Needs no tune up for 100,000 miles. The great gas mileage.

Miles per gallon, interior and external style.

Sporty body style, steering wheel controls, sun roof, safety feature, instrument panel and excellent gas mileage only on highways between 38-42 MPG.

Gas mileage, sun roof and Atomic Blue exterior color. I also really like the digital speedometer a lot.

Mileage, interior/exterior designs.

The economical engine and small size when compared to my Yukon XL.

Navigation system, gas mileage

My number one reason for purchasing this car was fuel economy and I have not been disappointed.

Dashboard layout. Exterior and interior styling

The dashboard is so cool! You do not have to look down to see your speed. The interior materials are high quality. The interior is quite but still feels connected to the road. Driving characteristics are solid. 

Great handling and interior design.

Dash setup: Wasn't sure about it during the test drive. But not only do you get use to it, I may even like this setup better now. Seat comfort. Exterior design. 



Exterior and interior design, comfortable seats, good head room, fun to drive.

The navigation system is definitely worth the extra expense and the voice activation system is a source of entertainment.

Navigation system and motor assist.

Sun roof, steering wheel controls, iPod connection. Loads of safety features including active head restraints and break force distribution. Telescoping steering wheel and seat height adjustment.

Full marks on the way it looks. The upgrade to EX (from LX) was a no brainer. Well worth the money for the awesome stereo and the sun roof.

This car has a very smooth engine and trans., and a pretty good factory stereo. I also find the drivers seating position to be very good (the tilt/telescoping wheel helps a lot). I've never had a moonroof before, and I'm quite enjoying having it.

High revving engine, smooth 6-speed manual (after replacing the manual transmission fluid with Amsoil Synthetic MTF), great handling.

Little red light on ceiling, small steering wheel, handling, powerful and fuel efficient

I love the interior design with the two-tiered instrument cluster as well as the premium Honda audio system that comes on the EX.

Speedometer, didn't think I'd like it at first, but much easier to monitor. Volume speed control on radio and wiper settings.

The dash set up, the comfortable seats, the back end is great looking.

Not sure yet

V-TEC and sport tuned suspension. The black Si interior is sweet. 

6 speed, decent stereo, stock wheels, moon roof, exterior body style, interior style, chrome exhaust tip, red Si letter embroidery, and red stitching on seats, race inspired pedals, digital odometer, quiet interior

Handling,5 speed auto trans, dash easy to read and reach controls, quiet interior, nice looking exterior. Does not look or drive like an economy car but mpg of an economy car.

I like the overall body style. Also, like the 3 rear headrests. Rear seats fold down, can haul a lot of Home Depot stuff. Also, like 4 wheel disk brakes.

Nav unit, sat rad, seat comfort.

The #1 is the dash, the red took some getting used to but still love it, wife goes crazy over the tach. Sound system is pretty nice, Exhaust note is just right, breaks work well. VSA, outside temp, 6spd, trunk space, sunroof features and all controls.

Nice styling - but looks can be deceiving.

Style, handling, controls, gas mileage, sound system, interior room. Got the auto-dimming rearview mirror, what a bonus. Steering wheel controls for the sound system and cruise control. Heads up display for the speedometer, fuel gauge and temperature gauge.

High revving vtec motor, great seats, roomy interior and trunk, mp3 and wma capable stereo, futuristic gauges. I love the digital speedo

I love the navigation system. 

Favorite features are pretty much the whole car. I have not owned a new car in so long, that all of it is favorite.

Suggested Improvements

Very well designed auto. Very happy with fit and finish.

Though it's overpriced, the navigation is one of our favorite features. Body style look is sleek.

If you are considering buying one of these, spend the extra money on the Navigation system. Not only is it cool, but it incorporates a voice activated system that runs all of the accessory functions, from the A/C fan speed and temperature to changing the radio settings. 

Definitely the navigation system (and it's plethora of features), standard XM radio, retractable cover over front cup holders, and adjustable arm rest.

Lots of storage space for a small car (huge glove compartment), the car's handling,and the instrumentation on the dashboard makes this a fun car to drive. I also liked how the automatic transmission shifted on hills while the car was in cruise mode. This allows for a smooth ride.

Seats, sporty look, 5-speed automatic, digital speedometer, the blue cast lighting on the dash. It looks very cool at night. The direct plug in for the radio. I am able to directly plug in my Sirius Satellite radio. That way the sound is so much better!

Aero body kit, alloy rims, moonrood and enhanced stereo system. The features in the dash such as oil life, and the digital speedometer on the eye level is pretty cool features that are just few out of many. the engine seems so small and yet it delivers good enough power. 

Fuel efficiency, relaxing ride, ergonomics, handling.

"Heads up speedo, fuel, and engine temp" as offered by the dash layout. Quick responsive sporty steering. Excellent cabin layout and spacious trunk space for a small car.

Exterior styling, smoothness of engine, stereo function, moon roof, steering wheel audio controls.

I like everything about it. But if I had to pick it would be the windsheild wipers cause they go opposite each other instead of both towards the right. And the digital everything, at night my car is more beautiful!

Look, feel, gas mileage.

"Two-tier instrument panel" ; telescopic steering wheel; adjustable armrest; front, side, side-curtain airbags and active front head restraints.

Fuel efficiency. The dashboard is great for providing real-time feedback on how you're doing in the fuel efficiency area.

Excellent gas mileage, good looks, modern interior, plays data mpg files (140 songs per CD).

Two-tier dash with cool-blue back lighting is sharp. Roomy cabin. Side curtain air bags for front and rear passengers. Nice handling. Great fuel economy.

The styling inside and out. Really good Stereo. The transmission and engine are very smooth. Not to mention the resale value and reliability. Honda's run like clocks, I've owned them before.

There's too many to list. Honda did a great job with this.

Hard to pick favorites, but I guess the parts under the hood qualify. Powerful while still delivering decent MPG.

Cool dash board. Comfortable seats. Great handling.

Great resale (not a feature, duh), 6 airbags standard, trac. control, 8200 RPM redline, EASILY modified, looks amazing inside and out, handles MUCH better than base civics in the snow (thank you LSD!), and is extremely cheap for what it has packed in it (got it for 200 over invoice).

MP3/WMA player, remote trunk release, sunroof, roomy backseats and trunk.



My favorite feature in this car is the dash. Looking past it as I roar up the highway.

Fuel economy. It's why I bought it. Have 3500 miles on car so far and each tanks mpg gets better no matter how I drive. First tank was 29 mpg and the last was 35 mpg with 80% hwy driving. Body style, replaced hubs with custom wheels and the car looks 100% sportier,

The interior layout is the greatest!! Everything is within fingertip reach while driving and the Navigation System is a fun option, very helpful!!

Love the fun factor of this car, really feels like a sports car. The mileage is a little less than I expected but still a solid 27 in all city driving.

The whole friggin' car.

style, interior, love the rims (deep dish look - almost like a BMW),HANDLING - esp for a FWD, value, it's a Honda!

The Nav. system with voice response and XMradio.

Navi. Great mileage. Parking. Automatic locking once get to about 8 mph, automatic unlock when put in Park.

navigation. The seat is comfortable. Everything is in reach inside the car. I do not like the light colored upholstery and floor mats, too hard to keep clean. The engine is reliable. 

Cruise Control; connection for I-Pod and ability to recharge my cell phone; a lever to adjust the height of the driver's seat.

Sunroof and navigation



Beautiful looks, nice 2 tier dash

Engine, transmission, handling, looks, safety features. Great to see Honda went to a timing chain instead of belt, so no worries (or expense) of belt breaking.

Reliability, moonroof, automatic everything, and gas mileage.

Looks, More Horsepower, quieter than my 2000 civic si. All around better

Navigation System, exterior/interior looks, gas mileage!

Head up display and gas mileage

Voice activated Navigation system easy to use and includes a PC card slot. Very comfort front seats for long commutes. Handles very good.

Peppy and sporty engine, confident and crisp handling, comfortable seats, attractive interior and exterior, iPod input jack, and great gas mileage.

Two tier gauges, Interior fit and finish, Fun to drive, Automatic sunroof that opens and closes with one touch, safety features

Si seats, 6spd shifter, 8000 rpm red line, huge trunk

New design, instrument panel, and excellent gas mileage.

Dash display. 

Looks, handling, overall appeal

the exterior styling, the dashboard, the little peppy engine, and the honda nameplate.

Great Navigation system, Digital gauges, comfortable, roomy trunk, fun to drive, gas mileage

Everything

Styling and interior design is very nice. Voice activated Nav/Radio/CD is quite slick and handy in city traffic. You can set a new route verbally while on the go without taking your eyes off the road. My sister's 06/GM product requires you stop and put the car in park to route a new destination.

I love where the speedometer is located. The engine area is almost idiot proof with the colored handles and caps for oil, water, washer fluid, etc. The seat and steering wheel adjust perfectly so I don't feel like an overstretched monkey behind the wheel. Perfect 5-speed auto.

Fun to drive, exterior & interior design and quality, bright, futuristic dashboard, Atomic Blue metallic paint draws raves, ergonomic, roomy feeling interior up front, tight fit and finish, and fuel efficiency. 

The 350 Watt, 7-speaker audio system, is my favorite feature unless you count the engine as a feature.

The engine loves to go! I noticed the VTEC kicks in at about 3000 rpm when accelerating. All the safety features anyone could want including Vehicle Stability Assist (which can be turned off!). The car has great looks, is larger than earlier models and quite roomy on the inside.

Lots of fun to drive, good built quality, 6 speed shifter and exterior design 

Highway mpg acceptable. Great FM radio reception. The color, Tango Red Pearl. Engine access. Comfortable front seats. I have the factory shop manuals, yes, there's 2. They total 3253 pages overall. The shop manual for my '86 Accord Lxi was less than a 1000 pages!

Smooth, quiet, economical operation; excellent finish, great functionality; NAVI system easy to use and endlessly helpful. Great handling dynamics. Much simpler and more elegant to operate than Prius, its major rival. Exceptional safety and driveability in a state-of-the art 50 mpg sedan! 

The exterior styling and the navigation/radio touch screen, but I will say the Fiji Blue Pearl is the best blue on the market

I like the gas mileage and the body style the most. The expected reliability and track record for the Civic gives me peace of mind.

The great dual instrumentation with the MPH up by the windscreen - it's a winner. Fuel economy was what helped sell me the Civic EX along with the sunroof and the excellent low end econobox styling. 

8,000rpm redline, sport seats, firm great handling suspension, hot looking 17" wheels, exhaust note, usable cupholders, ipod input, stereo buttons on steering wheel, room to impress 4 friends at once.

fuel economy and performance with smaller engine

Environmentally friendly. Smooth and quiet ride. Good value. Might get hooked on the XM radio trial.

Hybrid technology Aux input for stereo Great Styling

The interior dash is great, sound system, turn radius, exterior look

Value. This is a total satisfaction owner - with 2 new Civics - and everything about them exceed my wishful expectations. A superb job Honda. 

External and internal design. the steering wheel has a very sport feel and look. Display panel is very modernized.

Music is a large part of my life, the mp3/wma playback with 7 speakers including a sub is a great sounding standard equipment radio. All controls including stereo features are easy to find and use without being a distraction while driving. I love the sliding arm rest on the center console as well. 

BLUE LIGHTS! Voice activated controls! Navigation system is the best I have seen! The shifting is smooth and so fun! Fabric is beautifully done and the cupholders are fabulous! Love the MP3/WMA abilities, the MP3 hookup, the electrical 12v plug and the area to store cell phone while driving!

XM radio and voice command controls.

I love the dash. It is so easy to keep the speed from drifting. I love the exterior temp feature. I can't wait to go road tripping this summer and know I'm nice and cool inside, and it's 112 outside!

Interior Design, the awesome gas, brake and clutch pedals, the tight handling, XM radio ready, the exterior looks.

Pretty much everything from the CD player plays MP3/WMA, to the displays in the car are way nice. The handling of the car and the engine is much quieter then before!!

The Engine!

Gas saver, Transmission (get the 5 speed)im sure it still as good of gas mileage as the auto. Styling is good, ive already gotten lots of compliments. Fun to drive.

The navigation system is very easy to use and set up. The same comment can be made for setting up the radio. The sunroof helps to brighten up the interior, although with my LX it was not an issue. The gas mileage is absolutely terrific. I get over 40 mpg on the highway which is outstanding.

Split dash, steering wheel controls for radio and cruise control.large back seat area... comfort for all not just the kids

NAV feature is great and has voice command. It also has automatic climate control. The dashboard reminds me of the display on an aircraft. The real-time mpg display is fun to watch. Great sound system.



Happy with Dash, radio, and interior. I have a Garmin Ique that sits perfectly along side of the speedometer (like it's made for it!) Configurable auto door locks are cool. Visibility is nice. I enjoy feeling "smarter" than the other commuters when my engine is off!

VTEC. LSD/VSA. Quick to rev. Power for price. Smooth yet sporty 6-speed setup. Slick exterior and luxurious yet functional interior. Sound system.

Exterior style is sleek,build quality,digital lighted gauges,great design of hybrid engine for saving natural resources and air pollution control. ipod port with good cd/radio system. good wide cup holders. alabaster silver metallic paint quality. included security system. will update in few weeks. 

Fantastic transmission, short throws and very smooth. Still getting used to the 6 speed though. I love the gauge layout and dash design in general, makes others look cheap even when there not. Very precise steering and handling, car feels "tight". Love the looks. Seats fit like a glove.

Exterior styling, mileage, handling, gauges.

the civic is not much smaller than the legacy. with better resale out of all the cars I looked at. the civic has the best build quality of the bunch and the best handling with a good bit of safety in mind sta/trac control 6 airbags the ergonomics are great and simple a blast to drive at almost 200 hp

The most important is the 38 mph and no dirt color with many extras such as CD, air conditioning, etc.

aggressive body styling, short shifter, high revvin' engine, stereo system, pretty much everything. 



Great exterior, the digital console design, 1.8L yet quite powerful, Great gas mileage!

The display is eye catching and fun, the exterior is sure to catch anyones eye. Steering wheel controls and moon roof are nice.

Very nice dash display with RPM and Speedometer readouts separate. Navigation is up to date with new streets and easy to use.

EX 2dr coupe. Alloy wheels, great stereo, supportive seats, sunroof. Fit and finish is excellent. I like the digital gauge cluster too.

iV-Tech engine and sound not too ricey. Digital speedometer. VSA controls. Six speed tranny. sound quality, seats and SI emblems

The fuel economy is excellent in my mostly highway driving. It will get 40 mpg plus if I keep my speed down, but I usually drive about 70 and it gets about 35 mpg at that speed. It is fairly quiet, handles well, has a good sound system and serves well as a commuter car.

Nice looking car, fun to drive, nice interior. Like the safety features - six air bags & the braking is excellent. Loved getting between 38-41 mpg in the summer. Winter drops it to around 36 - but that is great for a car this size!!

I can't pick one favorite that stands above others, so I'd just say that how much Honda offers on such a low-end model is impressive, such as VSC, Recaro seats, LSD, six-speed and that this car has the best handling of any of my previous cars, both Integras.

Handling, ride, looks, gas mileage, comfort, ergonomics, interior room, backseat comfort, cost of ownership and maintenance

Pretty front design, interior is ok

Bigger engine than the 2004 model for better acceleration; easy to read speedometer; good sized trunk

Jekyll & Hyde - can be benign to drive when shifting under 3K RPM. But rev it up to 5800 (where VTEC kicks in) and it's a monster for 2200 RPM. Close ratio in 1st through 5th means shifting near the 8K redline puts you back in VTEC in the higher gear. Too much fun. Handles like a slot car. 

Dashboard (both red and blue backlights), iV-tec, audio system, exhaust system, upholstery, and even the gas mileage. It is by far the best in its class, and the most boring trip can become the funnest (and quickest)! The engine is a perfect match for the car.

Controls and displays. Acceleration, and braking. Fuel economy is +++

Steering wheel mounted audio controls, The HVAC systems blows air out very strongly. The rear taillights look almost like they are LED. I also like that you can turn down the lights in the speedometer display to keep the glare off the windshield at night. Like the location fo the door locks.

the look

dash and handling

VTEC engine, Stereo system, two tier dash, GEARBOX!, bucket seats, lots of room, flashy exterior, leather wrapped steering wheel, moonroof, fun torque curve, 8,000 RPM redline. Much much more.

Great looks, roomy interior, excellent build quality, sports-car handling, and I really like the hybrid system. The federal tax credit makes it no more expensive than an EX.

I find the controversial instrument displays very easy to use. Perfect crash test scores. Honda reliability reputation. Amazingly peppy engine for an economy car; tight suspension (you will feel the bumps). Wonderfully "grippy" texture to the small diameter steering wheel. Just plain fun to drive!

Color, digital speedometer, audio display, interior comfort

voice interface to navigation system and audio system is great

Outside/Inside design, Comfort... 

The dash is fun, the climate function. I am installing the XM feature this month. But buying through a off market but honda parts.

Car is fun to drive, looks nice, has good pickup.

The audio, the fact that it tells me when I have to change the oil,like the percentage left of oil. The miles and kilometers on the car and the digital miles per hour on the car.

styling

The total package . This car sells its self

Interior and Exterior styling. Navi system. Alloy wheels. Ride and relative sporty-ness. 

acceleration, handing, comfort

Nice exterior styling. Good proportions and OK exterior finish.

Gas mileage is great! fit and finish are also what I expected. The Nav is a great tool if used properly. reliability is a huge factor.

Engine, handling, looks even with the additional 2 doors. Just too cool, great job Honda! I'm the first to have this 4 door in town.

Everything!

Great looks (especially with add-on options), spacious interior, smooth ride, good visibility, tight turning radius, responsive steering, good gas mileage. Outstanding engineering all around. A drive in the rain will have you appreciating the aerodynamics of the body.

Inside I like the combination of analog and digital displays. 

comfortable cockpit, refined engine, nice stereo

The new dash display is cool. You hardly have to look down to check speed. Very roomy for a compact. Decent trunk space. 

Gas mileage; Navigation system; XM radio included; moonroof; telescopic steering wheel; driver's seat height adjustment; daytime running lights.

Steering Wheel Folding Rear Seats AUX Audio Connection XM Radio Ready Large Trunk and Seating Capacity 



Mileage, Performance for the superb mileage.

Drivability, handling,4 wheel disc brakes that stop the car well. Nav and satellite radio. Overall- great car



stylish look, exterior and interior. drive and handling quality. beautiful color (royal blue). radio, power everything, security system, comfortable (although i still have to find a good seat position for me), easy to read controls, dead pedal (never had one before). just a beautiful car all around.

Gas mileage. Interior dashboard, and MP3 capability of the factory stereo.



styling with the powertrain to back it up

Styling, performance, mileage, comfort, amenities, Honda build quality, price.

the dash has a nice layout and the headlights are bright

Dash, mpg, looks and styling

everything

The interior lights are very cool. I like the fabric of the seats very comfortable. The exterior look has a great touch to it, its almost like a mini Accord

Wow! Acceleration! Fast! Watchout!

Digital readout tachometer

Digital dash (so I know exactly when my tank is running on fumes!), MPG, front headlights look nice, 4 wheel brakes.

Voice Activated Navigation system with touch screen ad XM Satellite radio.

Vtec engine and the way the car grips the road in a curve. 

Looks, gas mileage, long trip comfort, 1st new car was a 1975 civic.

VTEC engine, interior, quality of build. Stereo is impressive for factory.

The cute things the car does like light up the dash when you insert the key, or activate the daytime running lights when you release the parking brake. I also love how when you stop the car, and turn the key to off the interior light softly glows. I love the accident anticipation feature!

Premium stereo, exterior design, and love the gas-sipping engine.

Sitting quietly in traffic with the gas motor turned off. You can hear the money coming out of other driver's tailpipes.

Alloy wheels, sunroof, reliability, gas mileage

Looks inside and out. Four door pocket rocket. Handling Power Fuel economy Seats MP3 Hook up Wheels 

Digital display, sunroof, the controls on the steering wheel, design, and the great gas mileage.

Aux plug in, great MPG!

like the interior and exterior style, car runs beautifully

Sporty body style, excellent gas mileage, the MP3 input jack, improved safety features, spacious interior, huge trunk, digital display. This car is "the" car for me.

Love the two tier dash and interior styling as a whole. The stereo is quite nice and the sub can actually sustain extremely low tones. The sound of the screaming V-Tech at 6k+ is the sound of harmonious precision. The seats are comfortable and adjustable. Mileage is nice. Fiji blue is gorgeous.

The looks are my favorite feature, exterior and interior both. Fuel economy is amazing, I just filled up gas before coming home and I got 356.3 miles out of 10.826 gallons. That's almost 33 mpg with 60% highway, 40% city (with some A/C).

2 tier dash with blue illumination it doesn't strain your eyes at night. Rear seat room is great you don't have that annoying center hump as other cars do. Height adjustable drivers seat, fuel economy, overall comfort. iPod auxiliary input. High rev engine. Honda reliability.

Blue exterior color.

MPG, size, comfort, ergonomics, safety

Spunk (unless filled with people & luggage). Looks (inspires envy with it's plastic cosmetics). Gas mileage (until replaced by alternative technologies). Dash (well, almost... navigation system at $1800 absurdly expensive). Surprises (like weird white mold under never spilled upon rear floor mats).



MPG

dashboard, built in satellite radio, fun to drive, economical.

I-Pod input, gauges, aggressive sedan look.

Good acceleration, sunroof has pop-up wind-blocker so you don't have to purchase one, like the dual display for the speedometer. 

transmission, look, display, adjustable seats

reliability

GREAT fuel economy. Like the MP3 jack. HVAC system works well and the adjustable steering wheel allow for various configurations. Trunk size is fine as well. Tight steering and great visibility.





I love the dash and the way that the interior is designed especially the radio and cruise controls on the steering wheel. 

Pretty Paint

When everything was working and after the oil leak was fixed, I thought it was a great car for the money. The engine was a real gem. It was very nice looking, too. Loved the interior and the digital red speedo

Like everything about it.

VTEC engine, 6 speed tranny, brakes, seats, steering wheel feel. Engine sound when accelerating is a rush, but VTEC kicks in late, it needs to kick in at 5000. 

All around reliability and simplicity is high, peripherals are higher quality than in past Hondas.

gas mileage, reliability, oil change percentage checker, comfort, digital gas mileage... the list goes on

Navigation 

Exterior design is nice, the all digital gauges are a little odd at first but you quickly grow to love them. The steering is very responsive.

EVERYTHING!! transmission is awesome!! (After 3rd gear was repaired - All Honda 6speed trannies have a problem in w the 2nd to 3rd gear synchro, but theres a TSB out and the dealer fixed it for free)

Blue dash lights. Solid ride. High MPG!

Everything but the gas mileage.

I can fit a lot in the trunk. Acceleration off the line is not bad, cornering, cute factor, stock radio in the EX is decent. Steering wheel, dash and center console, cup holders are nice, functional. 

Comfortable ride. Telescopic steering wheel. Folding rear seats. Excellent MPG. Smooth transmission. Relatively quiet interior. Excellent steering, although overly light. Interior design blows all equal priced competitors away. Honda made, so its good for 300,000+ miles under proper maintenance. 

Can carry 4 persons or drive just by myself around town with no guilt at all.

The wrench "idiot light" on the dash lets me know when to service the vehicle.

Two-tier gauges, zip-around-town acceleration, tight suspension, GR8 brake. Everything was designed into the car, not an after thought.

Gas mileage!!!, comfort, safety, after government rebate same price (or cheaper) than an EX. Digital speedometer and instant mileage feedback gauges. 

Economy. Stereo. Design.

