Peppy engine, great ride, AWD works great, and did I mention the auto stick shift. 

Very roomy inside, love the blue dash instrument panel and pretty decent stereo system. I like the way the back seat folds down completely "flat". Tire storage area also hides other small items (jumper cables, ice scrapers, etc.) Just had to change a headlight bulb and it was very easy. A/C great.

Comfortable for 7 adults, great head room for taller people, blue dash lights, great power, large cargo area, sportronic shift

I love the whole suv, really like the seats and the way it handles..

10 year 100k warranty, ride quality, blue lighting on the dash, lots of room. 

Sound system, heated seats,leather holds up well with kids and pets. Smooth, solid ride. A lot better gas mileage than the Tahoe. 17-19 around town and 19-22 on hwy. The Tahoe only got 10 mpg to maybe 14 mpg hwy.

Top of the line Stereo System, Roomy Interior, Good Gas mileage, Good Performance on Regular Gas, More Leg Room than Honda

Smooth engine and ride, warranty, cargo area, abundant safety features, and access to controls. I feel in total command of the roadway in this vehicle.

love the dash and the ride is smooth. Good looking outside.

Strong Engine



Love the warranty. The vehicle handles great, more like a car then a truck. The vehicle feels safe when driving. Lots of airbags. Smooth ride.

I love the sunroof as well as the stereo system! It is great for being factury! I will not be replacing it!

I got the nav and Sun and sound Pkg. I enjoy the sirpus radio and also the cup holders are plentiful.

Very good low end punch, highway stability, overall comfort, it's nimble for such a heavy vehicle, visibility, it doesn't look like all the other suburban cruisers, all the safety features, insurance cost, and the Rockford acoustic design audio system w/Sirius is sublime.

Great sound system, fine engine, real nice fuel economy, most comfortable rear seat in class and still nice cargo area. Pretty neat computer system.

Great stereo, room for everything, passenger and/or cargo, performance (it's fast), looks, good ride, air bag system, warranty. You don't have to use premium gas all the time, but the performance and mileage does suffer a bit. Otherwise it's just about right. I am getting 15-17 city and 20-22 highway.

The Endeavor rides so smooth and the 3.8L V6 has a lot of pickup and go. The Endeavor comes standard with so many airbags and safety features. The exhaust note on it always makes me smile.

I love the 360 watt sound system, the sub vibrates through the floor. This vehicle feels very stable..

The smooth ride, really cool dash and control panel.

The spacious interior.



