Drives well on the street and in dirt. like the heated seats. Looks much better than a minivan and easy to park



Comfort, and the sound system thumps. Even though I am almost 30 with 3 kids I still like to Rock!

I love the way the Jeep handles on the highway.

1 sunroof and 2 moon roofs, quiet comfortable ride even for road trips.

I love the exterior styling and the front seat comfort I do not think is matched by any other SUV I have driven.

Stereo with bluetooth and the DVD player. Coolest is the 4 wheel drive system, although we use it less often.

Tires!!! The dashboard, skylights, sensor wipes, memory seats, luxurious interior,dimming rearview mirror, navigation system, and cd changer.

Everything!!

nothing. 

seat are very comfortable and leg room is great. Love my sunroof. love the 3rd seat and stadium seating. 

Driver's seat is very spacious and comfortable, electronic stability program works as expected, and improves handling. The visibility level is awesome all the way around. Simple clean and very practical dashboard layout, easy to reach controls.

Sunroofs, great stereo, 6 CD changer, reclining 2nd row seats, exterior color, window air bags, the "look", comfortable driver seat, 

Rear park assist, roomy interior, sporty looking exterior.

The color and looks, chrome detail inside. I guess the over all look sold me on it!

The look of the Commander, leather heated seats, NAV system, back up camera is a real plus, love the stadium seats and backseat sunroof, good power and great comfort when on a long trip.

All wheel drive system, ride, durability , visibility, great looks.

HEMI - luxury - ride

Sun roof, sun roof, and sunroof !

room, luggage rack, 3rd seat fold down, nice 4X4 system, 

Comfortable leather seats and all of the little nooks & crannies for storage. Kids & adults love the stadium seating for the second row. Good storage with all seats folded flat and the dogs can ride comfortably as well. Great skylights and good maneuverability especially for parking.

Adjustable seat, styling and maneuvaribility

3rd row seat, great stereo, leather seats, reclining 2nd row seats, moon roofs, cargo space.

Stability control, satellite radio, seats fold easily. Third row access much better than CX-9 and easier than minivans due to higher ceiling. Three rows of air bags and ESP - very safe. DVD system. Trip computer. Front seat small item storage. Park Assist. Sun roofs. Better mileage than full-size.

Flashy looks, dramatic lines, fine build. And last, but definately not least, acceleration.

Interior and exterior looks are very sharp, lots of power, rides great, very quiet, plenty storage room, cruise control features on the steering wheel with acceleration and deceleration options.

Leather, sunroof x 3. Interior styling, exterior color, 3rd row. Have been getting descent MPG (16-20 so far.)

Everything is simple and easy to use, not cluttered or overdone. Not fancy, practical. Reverse sensing, rear ac/heat, fold down second row outboard seats fold into steps for the 3rd row. 

Interior is roomy. Drives well.

Simple but clean instrument panel, clean dash design with easy to reach knobs, and control swicthes. Great sound system, speakers are smartly placed throught vehicle, to deliver a cinema like surround sound. Roomy and classy interior even in the sport model. Love its military style rugged looks.

Fun to drive and good pick-up.

Styled similar to old Grand Waggy. Gotta like it. Turns heads. Good power with 4.7. Excellent towing capacity with tow package. New lifetime warranty really pushed me to buy this new vehicle.

Display features (Avg. MPG, miles of gas left, direction). All split seating, rear AC. Lots of little storage compartments. 

Sunroofs

330 HP Hemi, UConnect Bluetooth, NAV, ergonomics, comfort in the front, QuadraDrive II, power (did I already say that?), airy cabin (feels bigger inside that really is)staduim seating and 3rd row when needed in a pinch.

The most comfortable front seats I have ever had in any vehicle, commanding view of the road, comfort, quality, and solid build quality.

Seat comfort, transmission, stereo, back sensor, third row seating, wheels and tires, the military look to it... rugged, side airbags, anti-roll and skid, multiple vents on dash and the dash styling. Being able to seperate the kids so they are touching each other.

Hemi engine. All the features: backup camera, navagation, auto lights, auto seat and mirror settings and so on.

The Hemi engine, the Quadra drive, and its rugged good looks are my favorites.

My favorite features are the 2nd row moonroofs for the kids and the multi-split seats.

Fabulous comfortable front seats! Nice use of cargo area/third row seats. Flex fuel is definitely a plus, and more power than my wife's little foot can push down. You can't go wrong with the Boston Acoustics sound either.

Exterior & Interior looks is nice :0) Seats are comfortable

I loved the rugged look that the vehicle had to offer.

We love being able to have seven passengers! Other favorites are the Boston Stereo, six disk changer, Sirius satellite radio, comfort, back up sensors, quiet interior, interior design, moonroof and skylights, chrome 17" wheels, and of course the looks! We also like the Goodyear Fortera Tires.

Our kids preferred this vehicle over the Trailblazer and Explorer because of the stadium seating. They still love it.

Exterior looks, nav, satellite radio, Boston Acoustic stereo, back up camera--too many more to mention.

The looks and the feeling of driving a real SUV with the comforts of an automobile.

Backup camera, backup sensors, NAV system, 4WD QuadDrive II, rear DVD player. Great sound system. Satellite radio. Bluetooth. Sport shift. Lots of other automation and toys. Solid/tight assembled interior. Remote start. Power lift gate.

QT1, space, comfort, stance, stability, it's got great footing.

Noticeably glaring overcoat with lovely steel trim without loud engine on the Hemi. Big storage box.

Boston Acoustics sound is better than in my Lexus ES330. Rear backup camera and park distance sensors work great. The 3 sunroofs make the inside feel really open. Power liftgate is very handy. The built in in-dash 6 disc CD-changer recognizes MP3's. Sirius Satellite radio is great on trips.

7 passenger seating, stadium seating. A great ride for the price.

Heated seats, sound system, sunroofs, stadium seating,interior space, and storage compartments,rugged and beefy rims and tires, low tire pressure indicator built in instrument cluster, rear seat reclineability, rugged cloth interior, multiple cigarette lighter ports, built in information center 

Favorite feature is the responsiveness and the tight steering, more like a sports car.

Suggested Improvements

