Great looks, stylish interior, superb engine performance

body styling, 5spd, slim dash unit, seating material.

Styling, fit and finish - very handsome little car. T-tec upholstery and "floating" console are way cool. Stereo in premium package is excellent. Standard suspension is very good - tight steering; very good brakes.

Look, on board computer, T-Tec seats.

Premium sound, wood dash, power seats, moon roof, aux stereo input, steering wheel controls, great mpg! Safe, comfy seats, heavy build quality (this thing weighs the same as much larger vehicles). Projector headlights, auto wipers, trip computer.

Although I hate the performance of this vehicle, this car looks sexy.

The interior panel is sharp! I have the sports and climate package and recommend both! The T-tec seats are simply awesome. Am I really driving a sedan? The feeling of having made a great decision!

T-Tec seats (probably the second-best non-leather seat material after leatherette), good fuel economy after break-in, wet-transmission mode, automatic headlights (nowhere in the manual or other documentation is this mentioned, but the headlights DO turn on automatically at dark)

Premium sound system is wonderful. Listening to the end of the Mahler 2nd symphony is almost a spiritual experience. T-tech seats suit me fine. The interior is quite tasteful and ergonomically well thought out.

6 disc stereo, power seats, tiptronic.

8-way power driver's seat and stylish, T-tech seats with striking stitching. Simple and functional controls. Premium audio.

T-tec seats, compact look, feel of safety!

Premium sound, 6M trans, big brakes, great linear power for a turbo with very little lag.

The sporty looking style of the exterior. The steering wheel and the controls. 

Tilt/telescoping wheel, stereo, exterior styling, interior ergonomics.

Sunroof, trip computer, heated seats, aux input (for my Sirius!), overall fun to drive. Good highway MPG (30).

Sound system, AWD and rain sensing windshield wipers.

Looks beautiful, stereo is nice to look at.

Sound system is incredible. Went with the premium sound system which includes 12 speakers. Better than most home systems.

I enjoy having the tip-tronic transmission and the 6-disc in dash CD changer is a great feature. Having the stereo controls on the steering wheel is a great convenience feature. 

Gorgeous Dash, Great Handling, Heated Seats, No nonsense ergonomics, "GREEN" car, Safety.

Best features are the easy to use controls and interior design.

everything that came with select package

Easy to operate central cotrol pannel. Audio and climate controls are large and easy to operate. Steering wheel mounted Cruise and Audio Controls also a plus!

6 speed manual transmission matted to the 2.5 litre turbocharged engine.

