Living in Florida, the cooling seat feature comes in very handy. The rear back up sensor has been a lifesaver. The space is great-my teenagers aren't on top of eachother. This car is like the little black dress-great for just about anything form Home Depot to a valet at an event.

Plenty of cargo and passenger space. Comfortable ride and entertainment options for trips. Decent gas mileage for a full size SUV.

All of them. The voice activated system stinks, but who wants to talk to a car anyway. The backup sensors are worth thier weight in gold.

Fold flat power rear seat. Excellent relationship with my dealership,but not happy with Ford Motor Company at this point !!

Traction control and DVD system for the kids, plus the gas and break pedal move to accommodate a short person. Love it!!



Stereo and cup holders

Safety features mentioned above

Power fold rear seat

The interior and exterior design are far superior to GM, Powerfold 3rd row ensures no climbing in the cargo area to fold seats down, power liftgate, plenty of powerpoints, 2 tone charcoal/tan leather seating, large sunroof

Automatic fold third row seats, auto tailgate, heated/cooled seats, nav system, satellite radio, dvd system, captains chairs

Love the vehicle, it's a great package from the Sirius radio to the seats and handling. Couldn't be happier. 

3rd row seating is second to none! I gave GM, Toyota, Dodge, all a chance to convince me their 3rd rows were better. But all said their 3rd row seats couldn't fold flat. 

Best feature by far is the 3rd row auto fold!. I can't figure out why GM hasn't incorporated this feature into their product line. It was definitely one of the deciding factors when I made the prchase. Also Love the rear auto door, and the heated seats.

2 tier loading. Cordless headsets for DVD. Navigation, power liftgate, heated & cooled seats. Tri-coat paint 

Great ride comfort. Nice interior. Comfortable seats. AC in seats is nice. 

Satelite radio, and navigation system.

Audio system, safety curtain, 4 wheel drive, power 3d row seats, 20" wheels, power seats, leather, etc.

Standard features including the side air bags, 4 wheel independent suspension for a superior ride, six speed transmission, exterior entry keypad, 18" wheels, traction control. At first glance the Ford EL MSRP is more, but GM doesn't even offer any of these standard options. Ford has finally done it

Interior Comfort, Drive, and Navigation System.

With an EL XLT pretty much everything we got was standard. Of the standard features our favorites are: RSC; instant fuel economy, miles to empty, and on-board diagnostics check; extremely smooth ride; great sounding stock stereo system; adult-friendly 3rd row seats; smooth 6-speed tranny.

Seats, ride, quiet, look, feel, ergonomics, roominess, fold down seats, flat loading surface, air bag suspension, folding mirrors, vented rear windows, fuel capacity (though I want even more), fit and finish, color (tri coat white), big chrome wheels, heat & air, and on and on. Try the Lincoln too.

The hot/cold seats actually work & are probably the most novel feature. However, the auto tailgate is probably the most practical. The navigation system is neat but hard to justify. The ride & insulation are much better than the 04 model. I heard air-shocks make the ride better. I didn't buy them.

Seats and sound system.

The power lift gate and NAV system is great, but also the roomy console in the front and the ease of the steering wheel controls. The sound system is great!

The navigation system was very useful, the entertainment system was awesome. The air conditioned seats were great down south.

Extra room, second and third row fold flat, unlike the competition. Colors and design (Tri-coat sand). Fold in mirrors for those tight spots. Smooth ride.

The ride is absolutely awesome and the most quiet vehicle I have ever driven.

The lift gate is so cool and the memory seats are the greatest.

Memory seats, nav system (with voice recognition), satellite radio, power folding rear seats, power rear liftgate, message center, roomy 2nd/3rd row. Wife likes heated seats most. I cannot stress enough how luxurious the Expedition feels from behind the wheel! Do yourself a favor, test drive this vehicle.

Color - White Sand. HUGE looking but small feeling when you need to maneuver. Ride is Cadillac like - Smoooooooth! H.P. is appropriate. No trailer tow yet. Nav system is as good as a Lexus I have been in. Stereo is "sick" as my kids say.

