

Sirus radio, quiet cab, firm seats are very comfortable, great looks



Love it so far. First Chrysler I have ever owned would not hesitate to buy another. Best warranty, forever on drive train cant go wrong. 

The air conditioner runs well in hot weather - when it works.

fuel economy,blue tooth,eng response,

Style only.

Heated and cooled cup holder. Heated seats.

long list of features, ride quality, engine noise, fuel economy, classy feel and look. price if purchased second hand for a limited is around 12000? beat that.

Performance and fuel economy.

The exterior and interior. The overall look is great. The comfort and the amount of storage. The handling of the vehicle. And there are also all the options.

Stylish exterior looks, that's about it. 

Outside and inside appearance, and highway handling. Excellent gas mileage.

Exterior, Stain Resistant Seats, Sound System, Gas mileage!

Ummm. NONE. 

UConnect, Exterior styling, heated front seats. 

I love the look, inside and out. Satellite radio is my favorite!



Body style; gas mileage; music-sound; roomy

Sirius radio, outer appearance, nothing else.

Body style is the bomb! Tires and wheels fit the car size. Every control is right there. Easily seen. Also, the lifetime warranty.

Sirius Radio, ride and handling, great MPG.

Very nice car would not hesitate to buy another

I really like the style of the outside of the car. It looks very stylish and classy. With a small price tag.

color power sound system

not one thing

Uconnect and audio system by Boston.

Love the electroluminescent gauges, the tire pressure readouts, and the Boston Acoustics stereo- if anything makes this car fall apart it will be this- it is insane! Remote start is a great feature, both practically and for wowing friends. Stain resistant seats.

Sound system and cup holders (cool & hot)

Overall styling and interior. The 3.5l engine is smooth and has an excellent history. Mileage has been improving steadily to 31 mpg highway. Still breaking it in. Mixed driving with many secondary roads is 23.5 mpg. It is easy to get in and out of. Just a great design with great execution.

Auto everything - too much to list. My favorite is the MyGIG navigation system. The hands-free voice command for the radio, nav and bluetooth connect cell phone is fun. The hot/cold cupholder is a nice touch. The two-stage heated seats and remote start come in handy on cold nights.

Heat seats and remote start are my wife's along with the safety features. My daughter loves the sound system and the sporty style of the car. I like the safety features and the peppy 4cyl. It can move when needed. I like the climate control option for the heat and cooling system. Stain proof seats great

Looks. Air conditioning and heating. Radio. Ride

Inferno red paint, heated/cooled cupholders, 3.5 V6 and 6-speed auto transmission, Tortoise shell interior trim, Satellite radio

The auto comfort air conditioning. The radio notes the song title and artist. 

The quite ride and exterior design.

Ride quality, quiet cabin, exterior styling, Boston Acoustics speakers, Sirius radio.

Fuel economy. Handling and ride.

All the power features, heated seats, sunroof, the radio, tire pressure monitor is cool. Good gas mileage. 

Ipod auxiliary jack. Auto up/down windows. Outside looks. Great ride

17 inch wheels...ext body

No-slip dash board, heated/cooled cup holders, 2.7L V-6 seems plenty powerful enough for my driving habits.

Rides Like a big car that cost $25,000 or more.



The hot/cold cupholder, the aux jack for my Ipod, the sound system, and the remote starter! I also like the rear view mirror glare reducer. It comes in handy during the evening. 

Styling - love it or hate it, like the 4-door Crossfire look. Love the 18" wheels. Driver's seat is comfortable. Plenty of headroom. New warranty options were refreshing. U-Connect is nice. Boston speaker option is nice too. All I need is a sub. Service knobs easy to reach under hood. 

Sound system, body style, and interior, and features. 

I love the interior. the gauges, auto stick very fun to drive the cup warmer and cooler is a great feature. Auto climate control. The exterior looks like the cross fire. I would add a spoiler. 

Love the look, lots of room in the back seat. 

Gas mileage on a recent trip to Boston I got 29 MPG! Sirus satellite radio, heated seats, slated hood 

The entire exterior design,it is a eye catcher. The grill smiles at you.The raked hood puts you in the mind of the Crossfire. The cut on the side windows reflect the Chrysler 300 side windows.

Satellite Radio, gas mileage

This car sits higher than our Concorde did. This makes it easier to get in an out of for us older folks. The analog clock is a favorite feature. The temperature controls are within easy reach and are simple to use.

It's hard to determine what the best feature is because there are so many but I would have to say.... The Hood. It has the hood like the sporty Crossfire has.

heating/cooling cup holders

