

Sleek looks, handles great, good power, great gas mileage for a sports car, chick magnet, looks too good to be a Honda. Thank you Honda.

Looks, power, fit and finish, handling, shifter.

Power. Slick shifting gearbox. Engine and exhaust sound. Handling. Looks. Top goes up very easily. Fit and finish.

Gawkers! Not many S2K's around here so it definitely does garner lots of attention. Gearbox is silky smooth and acceleration is excellent. The aluminum hood is as light as a feather. The driver's controls are all inches away from the steering wheel. This is a 2 seater Go-Kart with a livable chassis.

It takes corners amazingly well, and that 6 speed stick is so much fun to use. The 6th "overdrive" gear is great for cruising at any speed over 45 MPH, and it allows the car to return good mileage. It took a while for the car to become broken in, but ever since, it has returned 24 MPG on each tank.

it's all good

Despite no design changes since it was first introduced, I still love the way the S2000 looks inside and out. I also love the power convertible top--it goes up and down very quickly.

Top down gorgeous! Hot, sexy roadster, reliable (and everybody knows that) kinda rare. Rev happy, top down is quick.

Wheels- 10 spoke beauties; too bad the 2008 has five spokes

All features are great.

Looks, handling, brakes, performance, reliability, value and it's incredibly fun to drive! Top it all off with great gas mileage.

Handling and engine sound. Also, the feel I get when driving down the road. You can't help but feel special.

Hmmm, power, speed, agility, oh, and lets not forget reliability! Favotite feeling, pressing the accelerator and literally running away from the pack!

The car as a whole.

It's a driver's car pure and simple. Very responsive. I like it especially when cornering. Other drivers slow down but I don't :P. So easy to change lanes and the brakes are excellent. Power top. Very convenient. Shifting gears is so easy. I didn't drive stick before but I learned pretty quickly.

The top that raises or lower in 6 seconds (easy to accomplish at a red light); the beautiful sleek body; the 6 speed manual transmission. It has a fit and feel that I had forgotten how much fun one could have setting up. The handling is absolutely amazing. It feels like a go cart on steroids!!

Fantastic handling. Responsive throttle input- almost feels like revving a motorcycle! Excellent braking capability. The no-frills, driver-oriented cockpit - once inside, there's no doubt about its intentions. Fast-opening and closing electric top - very fast, in fact.

Six speed. Aerodynamic flow. Pick up and horsepower. 

Cornering and high end performance is unsurpassed.

Driving this car really makes you feel separate from the surrounding traffic. Drive one and you'll know what I mean.

Gear box Engine Cockpit Digital display Style Ergonomic cockpit Did I mention smoooooth power....???? Auto top operates great. Some reviews criticize the "road noise". DUH. This is a roadster! And the road noise is much less that in the Miata. Also the cockpit turbulence at speed.

The great Power, and yet smooth engine. The great lines of the body. The ability to raise and lower top in under 5 seconds. SWEET! Just the whole driving experience is a pleasure.

Simplicity of design,six speed transmission,factory tires that I can live with.

I like many things about the car, but particularly the transmission. The remainder of the car was well admired, until I found this silly but major issue. I expected Honda quality to be top notch, particular on the "basic" things such as a dashboard.

An engine that is deceptively smooth but always willing to pop a couple of G's at the drop of the pedal and a flick of the stick. Convertible top fast and easy with the flick of two levers and a switch. Seconds down seconds up - can be done anywhere - even in the garage.

cockpit feel, handling, engine rev through all the gears

240hp Engine, Engine Start Button

The digital dash board is my favorite feature. 

