Exterior styling and rugged looks. Power and exhaust are awesome!

Power, Power, Power. Leg room in front and back seat is plentiful. Low cost compared to any other brand.

Sliding rear window. 5.6 liter V8 32 Valves 317 HP. lots of cup holders and compartments. great full size doors.

Power, room, just plain fun

I have the Texas edition, so I love the chrome, the towing mirrors, chrome running boards, backup sensors, adjusting foot pedals, mine has an automatic ton. cover, very roomie, and the Fosgate sound system rocks!

THE POWER!!!!love the 18" wheels, the 6-disc changer. i just love everything about this truck!!!

Engine roar, acceleration, big sliding window

Power, towing, and looks!

Tow package is great. Trans temp gauge is important. Tow mirrors super. Stereo sounds super.

Style, ride/comfort, spacious interior, (room for 4 large adults), pulling power size of the pickup bed (6 1/2').

Storage everywhere. Lift/lower assisted tailgate. Factory sprayed in bedliner. Awesome stereo. Incredible power and handling. Spacious cab. Value! 

The motor spray in bedliner.

I like the looks inside and out. And the sound of the exhaust is awesome for stock. Great power.

Handling, stout suspension, feels rugged and safe. Very quiet.

Towing capacity, roomy interior, flatbed capacity, HP and torque.

Love the roomy interior the big tires and the HP.

Roomy interior with comfortable ride and seats.

Power, looks, comfort, towing capacity, sound system, roominess.

Utilitrack. Exterior toolbox. Sprayed in bedliner. The dashboard nooks for stuff. The memory seating. The mp3 jack. The default 5.6L v8. The big tow pkg. The power rear window!

Speed, handling.

Power, 350W Rockford stereo, side air bag, SE utility bed package, split rear bench seat.

All of them.

I like the MP3 capabilities. The folding rear seats are nice for shopping. The overall design of the truck is just HOT, fresh and appeals to the younger generation!

V8 engine, smooth ride, exterior look.

Truck does seem to run well unless you pull up beside a tundra. The ride is reasonably well but could be better. 

5.6 endurance V8, wide opening rear doors on king cab, 18" wheels and 33" tires, and the aux. input for plugging in an mp3 player.

The cab is quiet and comfortable. The drivetrain is powerful and smooth. There is an abundance of storage in the King Cab. The sound system has very good quality. The A/C operates well.

I like the performance. The low range RPM torque is great. I also like the way this truck looks. It is roomy and is very comfortable. The side tool box really comes in handy too. The bed liner and the tie down capability is good also.

Power, towing ability, comfort, it drives like a nice car. Sound system is great too.

Ride and comfort is nice and smooth; roominess of cab is good and dashboard instruments are well placed. Great engine!

body shape, Interior space

Tow package with mirrors. MP3 jack. Backseats seem best of all trucks I shopped. Side tool box - love it.

Great V8 power. Comfortable seats. Large rear seats. Rockford Fosgate stereo. Innovative bed rail system. Damping tailgate. Power rear window. Did I mention V8 power?!

Love the sound of the motor, at all speeds it lets you know it ready. Ride and comfort, all the extras.

I love the interior, it is like a luxury vehicle. It has plenty of power. The seats are very comfortable. The sounds system is great. It handles well - just an all around great truck. 

Screen display, sunroof and rear roll down window. I feel like I'm in a convertible!

The looks are great and there is a lot of leg room in the back seat.

5.6 V8 - the horsepower is great, and the room on the inside of this truck awesome.

Power, power, and the power!! The iPod accessory, interior room, exterior looks still ahead of its time.

Quiet ride, smooth transmission, handling, power, interior, exterior, chrome package, and stereo. 

Everything inside and out.

The power it has. The interior. The room.

Power, cup holder, 6 disc and ipod input on stereo, and great looking interior and exterior.

sound system.style like no other luxury

Raw power, braking, handling, smooth shifting transmission

Large, comfy cab with plenty of leg room. I love the height. I also love the fact that you can use Ethanol E85 or unleaded gas.

Awesome power! Handles well. Back doors open almost to the bed. Nice interior. Looks great inside and out. Most truck for the price I paid. 

Quite, smooth engine and transmission. Rockford Fosgate Stereo System. Utili- trac. EVERYTHING!!!

Gas pedal, comfortable seats, offroad suspension, towing ability, gas pedal.

Looks, room, power train, stereo, heated seats, backup sonar, storage areas, acceleration, bed liner, design quality, joy to drive, toughness, mirrors, and everything else.

4x4, color, and the utility bed system

Power, sound system, image, roomy.

Steering wheel controls Rockford Fosgate sound system Car-like ride Back-up sensors Adjustable foot pedals Heated leather seats Underseat storage compartment Utili-Trac system Powerful engine Quietness ans smoothness of the ride Locking tailgate Abundance of storage inside the cabin Leg & Head room

Engine is awesome in handling the hills and pulling a trailer. Channel system in cargo bed is great.

Power, comfort, wonderful ride, responsive, overall good looks

UtiliTrac system seems a no brainer for motorcycle and mtn bike hauling. Crew cab offered MUCH more room than King (obvious). Engine is a crowd pleaser to be sure, Tow package made weekends virtually worry free.

Power, smoothness of transmission, good looks

A truck that has inside features of a luxury car. The navigation is fantastic. Seats are comfortable. I could go on and on. Nissan thought of everything when designing this vehicle. Well done!

Heated Seats, leather seats, power seats, 6-disc cd changer, Rockford Fosgate sound system, tonneau cover, rear locking tailgate, adjustable foot pedals, interior space is endless, comfort, smoothness of the engine & transmission, the wife and kids love it more than our new Pathfinder, tow capacity.

Engine power and drive train. Exterior is nice, all around solid truck 

Power/Torque Rear e-Locker DVD/Nav sprayed bed liner Utili-Trac

Overhead lighting above the center console is great. Easy to see and read instrumentation.

Power of Nissans V8

Engine, Transmission, Seat

Power, towing... Great response and handling. Don't like the cheap fabric interiors. Well probably go with a custom leather interior if I decide not to trade in a couple of years. This is simply a great truck. I pull 8000 #'s

adjustable foot pedals

