Power liftgate, DVD, Navigation, Sirus radio, heated/cooled seats, dash layout, rear air, electric folding 3rd row seats, seat leather quality, 20" rims, ride and handling, size.

Cooled seats, roomy, navigation, easy entry and egress, fun to drive.

Six in-dash CD player. Car-like handling. Seats fold just fine without the power fold feature. Convenience package is a must have. 

Nav system, power folding mirrors, heated and cooled seats, sound system, power fold down rear seats.

Interior cabin room and utility. Versatile, comfortable, easily accessible seating. 6 disc CD and navigation system. Rear DVD entertainment system. Power folding third row seats, power folding rear hatch; dual zone air conditioner. Vehicle's power and overall maneuverability. Fun and easy to drive!

Rear seat comfortable for three adults that also folds flat for cargo. 

4 wheel independent suspension, towing capability, key less entry, power lift gate, power fold down rear seats.

Folding 3rd row seats, remote starter, automatic rear door, ride quality

IRS -- great ride quality, sure- footed, quiet, excellent stereo.

Sound, ride, fit & finish, front end styling. GMC owner commented to wife when she used it for a trip on nice looks

Center console shift, steering/handling, 5.4 V8, stereo system, pwr fold down rear seat.

Cooled and heated seats, DVD, the audiophile system is superb, shifter between seats, towing, memory seats.

New motor is more powerful and noticeable on initial acceleration. I like the Limited monotone exterior color and finish. Powerfold mirrors are great for ATM's.

Engine power, braking, interior color (grey body w/jet black interior), Ipod line in connection.

I have the black/peanut butter two tone leather seats. Also great comfort on those long trips. I have 5 tv monitors,DVD,PS3 and excellent surround sound with 14 speakers. Just like a movie theatre.

The heated/air conditioned seat are great! The ride is comfortable and the safety rating are the best.

Mine is the 4x4, my wife's is the power seats. We both also like the 6 disc changer in the dash, the power third row seat, and the fact it folds flush is great. The leather seats are comfortable, the gauge cluster is easy on your eyes for night driving, but very readable and it has lots of power when you need

Air conditioned seats, automatic rear lift gate, flat fold-down rear seats, and overall styling of the vehicle. 

Powerfold 3rd row. Tight steering unlike every GM I've ever driven. 2nd row captain's chairs. Black leather seats are awesome.

Interior design, power, comfort, low interior noise level.

Power liftgate, fold flate 3rd row seats, invisible reverse sensors, fold in side mirrors

The air conditioned front seats. The navagation system is touch screen and by far the most comprehensive and easy to use. The stereo sound system is incredible, 

I love the interior, very comfortable and large.

Reverse sensor, satellite radio, power liftgate, climate seats

Air and heated seats, two-color accented seats, fold flat seats. 6-speed trans and plenty of towing capacity 

Interior design. High quality materials that surpass even the QX56's.

More than one! Power fold seats, climate controlled seats, many controls on the steering wheel, and reverse sensing system. 

Power liftgate, powerfold 3rd-row seat, heated and cooled seats.

In-line adapter for iPod. Sounds perfect. The remote liftgate is a gem. My wife loves the heated and cooled front seats - it really works well. For me the ride and handling are most impressive.

Great ride, utility of seats/cargo flexibility, adult-size power 3rd row, satellite radio, MP3 connection, and interior styling. Lots of storage and cupholders too. 

New Interior - design and quality are superb!

Macho grille, straight pulling door handles, third row leg room, a ride that glides (the new framework and rear independent. suspension), 6-speed transmission, smooth gear shifts (quite as good as upper-class aedans), cargo room, iPod jack, interior design, cabin and external lights turn on when unlocked. BEST value SUV!

Seating comfort, captain's chairs 2nd row.

Tricolor white is special. Navigation system rocks.

Handling, ride, creature comforts, size/load capacity.

The handling is superior for this size vehicle. The radio is outstanding, and the cooled seats are surprisingly addictive after you experience them. The fold down seats in the rear make cargo a breeze without having to move and store 50 lb removables. My wife loved the dual zone comfort controls!

Electric 3rd row fold down seats. Fold flat interior makes a cavernous storage area. Nice styling. Very smooth ride.

 DVD player with built in video games, power liftgate, moonroof!



Airbag suspension, navigation, air conditioned seats, push button 3rd row seats...a definite must! And the rear independent suspension, just to name a few. Well thought out dash and interior hardware. And it is " FUN " to drive. Dollar wise it is the best bang for your buck!

Smooth and quiet. Voice nav. Comfortable seats with lumbar support and head rest. 20/gal highway gas mileage. Auto liftgage.

-Full size spacious third row. -Good amount of cargo space in my EL version. -Smart seat folding. -Drive comfort and handling. -Quiet interior.

