Navi, rear entertainment system, bumper sensors, backup video camera.

Other than the mechanical issues mentioned above, the van is well designed and built. It is attractive inside and out, drives nice, and the engine is silky smooth.

Navigation, DVD player and convertible 8th seat.

Generous leg room, lots of cup holders and storage spaces.

Ease of access and ability to cram it full of whatever and still have room for 5 people.

Lots of room and cup holders.

Rear DVD entertainment system.

chairs can be removed.



Performance and utility.

Honda quality Interior design automatic sliding doors the space the way the seats fold

Comfort, convenience, 40/60 split fold- down rear seats, spaciousness, CD changer, leather/heated seats,

Steering wheel mounted controls, six disc changer, universal homelink, power sliding doors. and the list goes on.

Power sliding doors especially when carrying the little one, moonroof, heated seats, and Variable Cylinder Management that cuts off 3 cylinders when cruising or coasting - it's a real gas saver! Figure out how to optimize this and you will see a huge improvement in MPGs. 

Navigation and leather heated seat. Desktop is well designed.

Power sliding doors. Ease of removing the 3rd row seats 

Seating configuration

Lots of room. Three baby seats and three adults can ride in the car.

Handles great , tight turning radius, good for U-turns.

Smooth strong acceleration, handling, reliability.

Decent power, sliding doors, radio buttons on steering wheel

DVD, voice commands.

Smooth, powerful drive. Loads of room inside.

Favorite feature is the rear seats.

Suggested Improvements

Sliding doors make entry easy for kids.

Exterior appearance, features over Toyota

Space, comfort and quiet. Handling and power. Economy and exterior styling.

Useable space, configureable 2nd row seat, window shade, automatic doors, safety, smooth ride/acceleration, steering wheel controls, Honda quality.

Ease of getting into and out of it. Sliding doors are awesome! DVD player is so easy to use with it's remote that pops out. Cup holders and storage everywhere!

The space! Isn't that why you buy the car? Full third row, smooth ride, nav is one of the best (we have a mercedes, audi and bmw and this nav is the best of them all). 18inch wheels are low profile. Like the aggressive front end - the Sienna looks more like a box. 

I love to sit in the waiting room at the Honda Dealership. I have nothing else to do with my time

Handling like a sedan, plenty of room for everyone (I am 6'3" and have no problem) lots of storage room but for som reason Honda removed lazy suzan from EXL, countless cupholders, easiely foldable 3rd row and easiely removeble secong row chares, very quiet ride and no wind noise at all

Navigation system, DVD, storage space, handling, interior room.

Nav system, handling, XM radio, good AC. 

XM stereo, handling, talk to it GPS mapping, great comfort for 4 ok for 6

Headphones that a 2 year old can use without help, good MPG highway(26+ going 75 on hwy)

Rear entertainment system, handling, build quality, storeage, and room. The 4 captains chairs are great. 

Looks, acceleration and the side curtain airbags

3rd row folding and arrange of seats in many ways.

Leather seats, cd changer, quality all around, excellent for families or anyone who hauls others around.

Interior design

Looks good (for a minivan at least), refined engine, standard features (homelink, sunroof, dual climate ctrl, cd changer, side airbags, auto side doors, sun shade, roll down side windows), quiet ride, storage space, cylinder deactivation.

DVD, navigation, voice command, back up camera.

Storage. Glad they left out the revolving caddy. More room to stow bigger items. Love the leather seats! Well made and comfortable! If you have pets or kids suggest the dark gray interior. You'll be glad you got it!

Extremely easy to configure internally. Nice going.

Engine, dual power sliding doors, dual zone climate control, tire pressure monitoring system, homelink, alloy wheels, 8th seat, traction control, telescoping steering wheel, foldaway rear seats

Voice activated navigation system, rear-view camera, great stereo sounds, second row doors have roll down windows with sunshades,easy reach/readable dashboard controls,rear tailgate door button closing, and lots of safety features

DVD, nav, stereo system w/ XM radio, lots of space/storage, heated seats, climate controls.



Comfort, ease of use, storage. We love the fact that the when the DVD is in use, you can still use the rear-view mirror.

Solid structure, handling isexceptional for a van. Comfortable seating, efficient packaging

Great handling and power

Honda appears to be made with quality in mind. 

Auto-doors, programmable driver settings for 2 drivers synched with each remote (seats,auto-locking options, etc.); DVD w/ wireless remote control, A/C plug, configurable seating, voice activated controls, integrated sunshades, parking sensors, rear-view camera, safety, and excellent stereo sound. 

Good acceleration and handling.

Navigation system is very good.

Features are great, but the usability of the features is questionable. It looks good from inside and it is fully loaded with lot of nice features that are found in luxury cars.

Comfortable seats and ride, great forward viewing. Plenty of power. Oil life remaning indicator told me to change oil only after 8000 miles!

Rear entertainment system very clear and visible, odometer, automatic temp control, moon roof/leather, very large trunk space, the 8th seat is definitely a plus for big family.

Remote starter and remote auto sliding doors are our 2 favorite features. The kids enjoy the built in sun shades when napping on longer trips.

Electric doors, stereo/CD system. Fuel Economy!!! Handling is excellent, you'd never know you're driving a minivan. And it's a HONDA!

Sunroof, auto sliding doors, heated leather seats, folding rear seat, quiet ride, car like ride, DVD, 

Rear view camera; dual power-sliding doors w/integrated sunscreens; 2nd-row in-floor storage; driver ergonomics; multi-zone automatic climate control; and voice-controlled navigation system. 

Looks nice.

Navigation system, the driver's seat is the perfect height and angle for getting a crack out of my lower back if I twist (I'm 5'6"), sunroof.

Interior design fit and finish. 2nd row roll-down windows and sunshades. Cylinder deactivation for slightly improved mileage and very quiet cabin compared to the 2004.

Beautiful leather seating. Super ride and handling. Front seat and rear seat entry is easy. Electric opening rear seat doors, and rear seat doors have roll down windows. Run flat tires. Safety all over. Very nice stereo system and dvd player. Loads of storage room and cup holders. 

Great engine, ride quality, interior layout design, parking sensors, TPMS monitors real pressures.

Styling Interior looks great. Slide door window rool down. Like remote and key seperate. Control doors with remote. Very comfortable seats.

DVD for the kids. Things are much quiter now.

Interior flexibility and space. Power side doors. DVD system has hookups for video game connections. Nav system with backup camera is awesome. Cool factor of fold down nav screen. Dual glove box. Floor storage compartment. Lots of cupholders. Outside temp guage.

Exterior looks and interior quality trim, fit and finish. Premium sound system is great.

I will let you know after we get a chance to drive it.

Nav, DVD, voice control, satilite radio

Quiet ride, comfortable seats, DVD system with wireless headphones and large screen, overall build quality, and powerful engine.

Navigation system, comfortable ride.

Has room for 6 cds, new a/c, radio, heater controls. Extra 8th seat & compartment on the floor. 

Handling, power, and noise levels are excellent. It really is fun to drive.

Voice activated Navigation w/rear camera, power foot pedals, pwr.sliding doors, pwr.rear hatch, heated front seats

Conversation mirror is excellent for keeping an eye on the kids. Heated seats keep you warm even when the van is cold.

Power doors, steering mounted radio controls, A/C controls, V6 power, quiet ride, Honda reliability....

DVD, sun roof, ride solid. Nice seats.

Remote sliding doors, heated mirrors, smooth shifter, Quiet engine, looks good inside and out.

Style, navigation system, satellite radio, power everything, moonroof, everything.

The dual heat A/C control. The Body style is really sporty. The seats are very comfortable. I went on a 8 hour trip and didn't have any problems. I love the 6 C/D changer. I love the room and I can get a ton of stuff in side. I put 95 cases of Girl Scout cookies in it with room to spare.

Seating variables, comfort, stability, mileage.

Given that it's winter, we love the remote starter the most right now. Another nice little mentioned feature for those with young kids is the built in sun shades.

1. Seats fold very easy and store really well. 2. extra floor storage 3. lot's of cup holders and extra storage spaces 4. placement and position of instruments and panels. 

Stow-away 8th seat / heated seats (yes, we use them in Florida) / dual remote doors / comfortable seating / sun shades on all rear windows / retractable visors / VERY smooth ride / excellent turning radius

the handling and roomy space.

Rear sliding doors, telescoping steering wheel, 8 passenger capability. remote doors, climate control.

Cylinder deactivation, Premium Music system, memory driver adjustments, heated mirrors, auto tailgate, Navi and wireless head phones for DVD, lazy Susan on the floor.

The cup holders, storage- all over, the window tint "screen" that can be rolled up or down in the back. The ease of the back seats folding "under ground". The defrost side back windows. Both side doors slide open with key chain.

Doors, Radio, steering, and controls. 

The rear view camera, the storage space, the doors that you can automatically open and close, the rear power hatch.

Stowable third seat in second row, the ability to slide 2nd row seats without lifting them completely out of the van, split bench in the rear, nice body style. Also, love that the sliding doors are so sensitive- if you so much as brush them, they'll stop closing. Great safety feature!

Power sliding doors, ease of entry and exit, overall comfort and quietness.

Fold down flat split rear seats;nimble, turning maneuverability; Quiet and smooth in front seats;Less like van than all others; Easy to park,better than accord.Expensive looking inside. Flat floor in front,nothing rolls under driver feet.Best leather seats of all vans. Safety featrs & tire pressure warning

Navigation, DVD system, split rear seat

Lots of room. Leather seats are nice. I think the engines is perfect combination of power and fuel efficiency.

Sound system, 255HP engine, Navigation system, PAX (great handling....low cost: 120$ per rim+tire), back up sensors and camera.

Roomy Interior, power moonroof, attention to detail

captains chairs in front and middle row. Duel power sliding doors. great DVD system with video game input.

DVD system is awesome. Layout of the Dash and the overall design of the interior rocks. Love the stowable 8th seat.

Superb ride quality. Class-leading safety features and standard VSC. 2nd row removable jump seat. Ease of access to 3rd row. 

DVD, comfort seating, quiet ride. 

Safety, peace of mind while driving, hiding rear seats system, power and comfort.

Gps in the Touring Model is very helpful, Sunroof a big plus,so is the side windows opening feature and the Run Flat tires are a big safety feature. 

Dual zone climate control is great when you are driving and the sun is glaring on one side of the car while the shade is on the opposite side. The 8 person optional seat is a big plus when additional passengers load up. Display gauges are well lit. Dual sliding doors make errands a breeze with kids

Safety features



Stowing seats, sunroof, comfortable leather, handles so well (as far as steering etc.).

Color is good.

Collapsible console in between front seats makes it easier to reach the little ones. The storage compartments all over the van. Roll down rear windows and power rear doors.

Rear seating options, cup holders (everywhere). Comfortable seats.

handling, roominess, styling, reliability

Everything, but the tires.



Very comfortable, drive excellent, heated and leather seats.

Other than the shake at slow speeds it drives nice. It is a comfortable ride.

heated outside mirrors

Cant think of anything that has pleased me with this van

* Navigation, Rear Entertainment, multiple seat configurations, Rear Camera for backing up, side air-bags

Back up CAM, Front parking sensors, NAVI system is the best on the market, Heated MEM Seats, 360 watt audio system, telescopic steering wheel, moving pedals, lazy susan where we keep the first aid kits and such

Telescopic Steering, VCM, Handling, DVD Screen Size, Variable Stability Assist, Safety features throughout, Instrument Panel Design, Appearance

Comfortable leather heated power seats. Rear entertainment system. Comfortable 2nd and 3rd row seats. Power sliding doors with power windows. Heated power mirrors. 244 Horses! Short turning radius. Plenty of storage pockets and cup holders. Rear storage well and 60/40 seat split Great safety rating.

Definitely the Navigation System!

Excellent drivetrain, NAV, RES, leather, fold down seats (+ 8th emergency seat), extensive list of standard safety features, XM radio

Interior controls and RES

navigation and voice controls

Navigation, PAX tires, new intelligent engine that will run on three cylinders, back-up camera.

voice navi, and overall comfort

Navigation, rear dvd, information center on Touring, auto doors & trunk, smooth handling

Handling and Ride is great for the size of the vehicle. Backup camera. 



Most all of the features are great.

Favorite features are power sliding door, voice activate system, sun roof, nice texture leather seats, great stereo and DVD player. 

Suggested Improvements

Comfortable seating. Plenty of places to put drinks. Better than expected acceleration. Handles well. Navigation is excellent. Auto doors and 2nd row windows automatic.

Parking Sensors, DVD and climate control system. Run flat tires.

I am in love with the incredable GPS.

Tracks down the road like a Benz or Bimmer. XM,DVD,tilt/tele wheel,park sensors,computer,power doors,and PAX tire/wheel package that is NOT touted. The wheels are really 18" resulting in a low profile tire setup that makes it handle like it's on rails. Honda missed it in their marketing propaganda.

VCM (Variable Cylinder Management), Overdrive Button, and Sunroof. The VCM in the EX-L or Touring models saves you money weekly by getting 3-4 MPG more than a Odyssey EX or LX models paying for itself in less than 4 years plus you get leather seats and a sunroof. The overdrive button is handy.

The automatic doors! Like the pop out and pop down seats too. Great for lugging stuff besides wee ones.

auto doors and safety features

Heated seats.

I like it's sleek look, the ride, and every feature I anticipated, with the exception of the tires.

Navigation system. Drove like an Accord until the vibration issue at 25,000 miles began.

Sliding doors, comfort

Transmission and engine are superbly smooth and the gearing is perfect. Interior layout and seating flexibility, good fit and finish, good control layout, Very good handling and stability for a vehicle of this size and type. 

Nice to drive. Very functional for our big family. Love the electric doors. Decent radio. Decent interior (though not as nice as my BMW or Volvo).

Heated leather. Reliable operation. Window controls and lock-outs. Some not so favorite items: Wish the transmission engaged faster when shifting. The "A" posts are quite thick and can obstruct view at some intersections. Mileage should be better. Wish it had an instant mileage gauge for my wife. 

The in floor well is great and the rear seats are more comfortable than any other van.

Just about everything. I really enjoy the comfort. Long trips are a joy. The van is also very dependable in the snow.

It is so easy to reconfigure seating. So comfortable to drive. Captain's chairs in middle row are like recliners! There is nothing I can't fit in it. Handles very well in cold weather/snow.

Ease of handling, solid ride, and much space to meet our 2 times a year trip when we winter in Fl. 

Kids and mom love the RES. Dad loves the Navi and MPG. We all love the automatic doors and auto rear hatch. Mother in law loves the lazy-susan. Auto climate control is a marriage saver too. Moon roof is nice @ night. Lots of cup holders and the rear bucket seats are good for easy rear access. 

I love the touring edition, the extra features make trips easy - the extra outlets, roof rack, back up sensors, Nav, entertainment. It's almost a mini RV. Great for road trips!

Great handling, comfortable & roomy interior strong HVAC, good highway fuel economy, good navigation (that you can input while driving, unlike the nannying Toyota), easy to lower & raise 3rd row seats, no problems during 1st year of ownership.

We love everything it has.

Comfort, solid feel. 

Roll down rear windows seats 8



seating flexibility, all the creature comforts

The engine and steering make this van very nice to drive - like a good sedan. Plenty of power even when loaded with six adults. We think it's quite inside on most pavement, though many reviews I read comment about road noise.







Interior well laid out, rear entertainment system, build quality very high - feels rock solid 

ride-- very fun to drive -- forget it is a Van. Room is great- head room and space between seats.

Rear view mirror and Navigational Aide.

Drive well, a bit heavy, 8 seats (one for a child). Bluetooth should be standard feature, as it becomes mandatory in California.

Navigation, leather seats, interior space, appearance, handling.

DVD player, auto doors

Nice interior. Stowable seats

Quiet ride, firm but quiet suspension, plenty of power, tons of room, great handling in emergency situation. Holds it's value. Camper like convenience. Pass-through front seats. Nice paint. Great headlights.

Great handling, good headlights, storage space. 

It's Safe!

Entry and exit. great engine.overall looks inside and out.

It is very fun to drive. It is just great for long road trips. The passengers in the back can be just as comfortable as the ones in the front. 

None. All the features this minivan offers are standard on all competing minivans.

Handling, instrument panel, good headlights

Comfortable seating. Good handling.

Powerful engine, interior flexibility, sliding side doors, exterior design.

I actually like the car itself. Comfortable with controls within easy access. It rides nice, but a little noisier than the Toyota sienna. Good pickup when needed

roomy

Folding seats

style exterior and interior

I like the ride, other than noisy. Installed Aftermarket rear entertainment, better than OEM.

Good handling except when starting out and making a turn which causes torque steer almost to where you lose steering control - service mgr said this was normal just like anything I complained about

Interior, leather seats are soft and comfy, climate control system is excellent. Steering is very smooth.

Road handling, engine performance, gas mileage (for a van), build quality (ignoring defects in year 1). I like the fact that Honda doesn't give you many choices unlike Toyota where your head is spinning by the time you decide on which car you want.

Love the 248 hp engine, very responsive, sports car-like handling,plush interior with LOTS of storage. Fit and finish is the best of any vehicle I have owned. I get a lot on compliments on this van and see a lot of shocked faces when I tell them it only cost me $24,000 (about same price as Dodge)!

Looks good.

Seats are the best for long journeys and even second row seats are full size. The VSA works great and saved my life this winter. 



power sliding doors, auto climate control, 6 disc CD changer, Ride.

Looks good when parked in the garage

newer style both exterior and interior, 6 cd changer on EX. More storage areas, addition seats if needed.

Nice design. Feature rich even in LX trim. Good value if you get problem free one.

Interior heats up VERY quickly!! Drives very nice, good control. Love the climate control options!

Handling, brakes, and stereo

Excellent audio.

Drives and handles great...except for the "hold-back' feel when you let off the accelerator...especially at low speeds..(must be the grade-logic? feature). Very roomy and functional ergonomic interior.

Handling, ride, DVD player, power sliding doors, cargo room

Wife is now happy! Roomy & flexible interior, nice design in & out, comfy seats, build quality, smooth ride, Accord-like handling, smooth quiet power, surprisingly tight turning radius helps maneuverability. Plenty of zip for climbing hills & merging onto freeways. Nice van, good value.

Honda products have a unique distinctive look and feel. Consistent attention is given to the human interface across all product lines. I haven't been inside their jet, but their 5HP motor is one of the easiest and most widely used in power tools. It's always like visiting an old reliable friend.

Overall quality; interior features such as heated seats, front controls for DVD, flexibility of seat configurations.

Great resale and reliability. Great ride/ handling. Inexpensive to own.Smooth, firm, secure ride. Powerful acceleration. Quieter than expected cabin.NAV is simple to operate. Run flat(PAX) tires hopefully will exceed expectations.Tight turning radius. 

Space, folding seats and overall comfort.

Interior is roomy and comfortable. Has good pickup.

Wireless headsets are great. Tire pressure display is nice.

