Styling,interior room,250HP 

The look

The price.

V6 engine power. Handles very well in the snow. good deal of space (for people and cargo).

Almost everything

space, and color

I love the extra utility outlets; the mileage, the trouble-free maintenance so far; the grocery organizer; the low payments; the dependability; the leather seats; the dependable cruise control; the OnStar feature.

Heated driver's seat, AWD, and ABS.

Zippy, dependable Honda 250hp, V6 and transmission. Great cargo space.

Acceleration, dent resistent panels, Honda engine, decent cargo for small suv, temperature guage.

The 2007 look. 2008 models lack this look. iPod jack. Flip-up storage in trunk, heated seats, classy look of radio and knobs, Option of supplemental side curtain air bags, smooth ride, 17" wheels "look", accidental lock out protection, dome light auto off if left on.

The gas mileage, the room and handling

Responsiveness and ride quality

Comfort, moonroof, OnStar, and air conditioner. 

Radio controls on steering rim and hands free cell phone (via OnStar)

The 305 Honda engine and transmission deliver plenty of zip

Love the V6 and DVD system. Interior is laid out very well as well as controls on the steering wheel for cruise and radio! OnStar is one big plus. The overall look of the vehicle is impressive! A+ Cargo space and grocery carrier an A+!

The vehicle I purchased was fully equiped withmost availabe features and theey are all my favorites. 

Hybrid technology, style, interior features.

Heated seats, MP3 Jack, AWD. Electric driver seat controls. Easy for my 80 year old father-in-law to get in and out of when visiting with us.

Engine stops and starts at the traffic lights brings a smile to my face.

Love the heated seats, the sunroof, and the cargo space. Much more cargo space than my van had.



OnStar system. Controls in the steering wheel. Space in the vehicle. Layout of features.

Zoomy, dependable 250hp V6 Honda engine. Saturn should market this feature. Lots of interior space. Handling. Great sound system!

The interior space. Heated driver seat. The sunroof. The smooth steering, the smooth drive, and the fuel economy

The view from the VUE is unobstructed. Steering seems odd but acceptable. Seats are small but not uncomfortable once you find the right position.

OnStar, safety ratings, dent resistant panels, design.

OnStar, safety

Steering wheel controls for stereo and cruise control. Fold flat back seat. Great visibility.

The styling, handling, visibility, and comfort are terrific.

The leather interior, upgraded radio, rear storage

The look, both interior and exterior. Gas mileage. Price. Customer service reputation. Side storage area in back for water bowls for my dog. Hidden cell phone charger,.

The roomy interior and the soft ride



Exterior looks nice. Dent resisitant body panels. Gas mileage is OK for the size of the vehicle.

The navigation and sunroof

The comfort package w/ heated seats, power seat and the middle seat belt in the back is smaller than the others to accomodate smaller children.



Storage space.

Heated seats and folding seats in back

OnStar, XM, sunroof, heated leather seats

Hidden compartment under the cupholders is great for less-used items and a cell charger. V6 engine is so smooth! Transmission does not hunt for gears. Lots of useful storage compartments. Good turning radius, but too many turns to lock.

Car looks great. Seemed like a great deal but I am really not impressed with the fact that Saturn has not stood behind it.

Our model wasn't the high end, but the seats were very comfortable and enjoyed the heated seats.

My daughter loves the DVD player in the headrest, and it did come in handy on a long trip

Roomy interior, good cargo space. 

The 3 DC outlets, the input for my MP3 player, and the wood look on the interior fixtures.

Love the heated seats and the flexibility of the back seat.

XM, cruise control, OnStar, heater/AC effective quickly

XM radio, controls on steering wheel, sunroof

Fun to drive, perfect size for older couples with the pets and cargo. Great MPG and has faster takeoff than our QX4. Towing on back of motorhome is a breeze. 

Quick V6 Honda engine, zippy, and good on gas.

Auto lights and day time driving lights. Steering wheel controls of radio. Engine shuts off at when stopping. Great gas mileage and tank range

Honda motor, power, lots of room, the look, dent/rust proof panels which keep the car looking like new for years. 

Traction control, gas mileage, leg room

Heated seats, interior space

Very comfortable, enough room, good mileage. Love the truck except for noise

I love how none of the controls are on the drivers door. Everything is accessible with your right hand w/o having to take your left hand off the wheel. Good power for a small SUV. Lots of storage space. 

Low cost of ownership (just oil and filter changes and tire rotations up to 100k) Low cost of purchase great mpg very roomy (great headroom, I'm 6'3" and have lots of space even with the sunroof Unlike every other compact suv, the VUE offered every single option except AWD on the base model

Engine performance. Cell phone and radio controls on the steering wheel. 

nothing

OnStar, cargo space, interior space

The factory radio (with MP3 CD) is excellent. The fold-flat passenger front seat also helps with carrying capacity.

Interior cabin space; decent exterior styling for the price. OnStar feature.

XM radio, heated seats 

Window controls. Handling seem easy. Good pick up with V-6 and good road control.

I love the stereo! 6 CD changer, great EQ, solid sounding speaker system and most importantly, the mp3 player jack!

I love the way it drives smooth so smooth, gas mileage is fantastic.

Design, ride, mileage, style

Towability, 3500 pound tow capacity, dent resistant panels, OnStar, XM radio, electric steering, handling and acceleration

None

I enjoy the automatic lights. 

Satalite radio, On-Star, and heated seats.

OnStar, spacious back cargo area and grocery organizer, heated seats, sunroof, AWD, satellite radio.

Looks, XM radio, leather seats and sunroof

OnStar, and believe it or not the silly pop-up crate in the back for groceries and packages. 

looks really great on the outside.

OnStar, outside temp/direction monitor, sunroof, comfort, oil life monitor, rear seat cupholders, tinted glass, roof racks, mp3 aux input jack, drive train warranty, fuel economy, grocery storage rack 

Electric battery powered air conditioning, gas mileage, roomy back seat (even with a car seat for the baby), roomy front seat,the passenger side airbag turns on and off based on weight, and a great multi-media center.

Fuel economy

It's a mighty comfy drive and it's pretty darn good on the gas. When I see mileage info for the Green Line Vue I laugh - my 4 cylinder manual gets better mileage! 

Plenty of headroom. Great stereo! The fold down individual armrests in the front are a great addtion.

Power, fold down front passenger seat, sound system, 

We particularly like OnStar, the sound system, the hands-free telephone, the reclining back seat, its roominess, and the handy rear cargo organizer.

OnStar, aux input, cruise control (for a manual car) and radio control on wheel are standard. Mine has optional ABS with traction control and side curtain airbag.

Fuel mileage. Hybrid system. Powerful enough. Sunroof. Heated leather seats. Full set of airbags. Classy green exterior with alloy wheels. Oil life monitor. XM radio w/aux input. On-Star. Cheerful interior. Cargo capacity. Roomy rear seat. Plastic exterior panels. US made. Price. 

The Hybrid technology that delivers better than EPA mileage ratings.

Engine and drive train. I could hardly believe my eyes when I noticed the engine RPMs were under 2k while cruising at 65mph. 

The fact that the electric motor takes over when stopped. This saves much gasoline when you are in line at a drive through or in heavy traffic.

Loving the radio features. I love the wood grain look. Very classy

Outside appearance, and XM radio included with package.

We like the SUV style for the price. There is plenty of room for all passengers of normal size. Easy access to cargo area and cargo storage has some user friendly features not found in other SUV's.

Appearance is good, mileage is fair (24 mph highway)

Sunroof, XM radio, OnStar, and that super 3.5 Honda motor.

Headroom, polymer side panels, and gas mileage for a vehicle that I feel safe driving. Also Saturn giving you 30 days/1500 miles to exchange vehicle for a different Saturn. That is why I am checking gas mileage so often. If it isn't good I trade down to a Ion 3 Quad

Just a fun car. Easy to own. I get lots of looks because the cypress green changes color.

OnStar, and just the right size for $3.00 a gallon gas.

MP3 plug-into the stereo, tight steering, sunroof.

iPod hookup

Love those heated seats and the IPOD tie in.

The ride is very comfortable, and I love the OnStar feature. It makes me feel very safe.

Steering wheel controls are awesome. Lots of room. Plenty of pep even with 5 grown adults in it. OnStar

Styling. It is a well thought out design with controls right where you need them. Clean, not overdone. 

The 3.5L V-6 is a great powerplant with tons of power and great gas mileage. The interior was refined in '06 and it was a huge improvement.

Classy interior and great use of space. Excellent real-world fuel economy. Low price.

Radio controls on steering wheel. Drive experience. Exterior, bumper same color. Auto lights, outside temp, DVD player

OnStar, rear cup holders, controls in steering wheel for stereo, the storage!

I love the heated seats.

The Honda V6, OnStar, clean interior fit and finish, and the auto-diming rear view mirror.

Power, roominess, interior design/looks,comfort

Ground effects, 18 inch wheels, sport suspension. Internal bike rack

I like the radio controls on the steering wheel. Being from Michigan the heated seats are a blessing in the cold winter mornings! The lumbar seats are so nice and you can find the perfect driving comfort. I love the storage in the back also, very convenient. The OnStar is such a nice peace of mind.

Gas mileage, style, cargo space







XM radio, heated seats, quiet comfortable ride, plenty of cargo room, polymar side panels, Honda V6 motor

Love the cabin setup and center console. The cargo space and organizer are great. Steering wheel audio controls and auxilliary jack for my iPod are very thoughtful. Gas mileage is very good and the 5spd manual is very easy and fun to drive.

