Good to drive, well built, gas/electric engine switches seamlessly, car has good acceleration to pass on the highway, seats fold down well for carrying cargo. 3rd seat is good in a pinch but otherwise not very practical. Auto heated mirrors work well. 

Like the option of the third seat, regardless of limited size. Otherwise use the back cargo area for the dog.

I like the fit and finish. Acceleration is great for a 6 cylinder hybrid. Seats are comfortable. Like the idea second seats slide. Pulls small trailer easily. Nice solid ride. 

Quiet ride. Quiet engine. Good for parking because of slim build. 



Heated seats & mirrors; adjustable front drivers seat, great speakers and stereo.



Quite engine, love the color green always got lots of complements on the color. Nice to drive and ride. Like being up higher off the ground. Comfortable. 

Good power, nice ride.

Quiet engine, looks of vehicle.



Great gas mileage (this is an SUV - if you want better mileage get a motorcycle); AWD handling on snow and ice; 3rd row seat; leather interior, spunky to drive, very nimble in and out of tight parking spaces, yet big enough to seat 7. No emissions when idling (engine switches off; goes to battery).

The power - I love leaving people behind at lights and passing people (especially Subrubans) going up mtn passes, since most people think a hybrid can't possibly do that. Getting 30mpg in the summer and 20 in the winter.

Heated wiper park area & mirrors. Electric driver seat (my first) - I like the height adjustment.

Cargo room, easy clean interior, fuel efficiency, comfortable rear seats.

Economy of operation, versatility of capacity for cargo and passengers, comfort and quietness, quality of construction, towing capacity of 3500# if needed to pull boat.

Power AND fuel economy. Low pollution. Comfortable with great visibility. Huge hauling capacity. Reliability. 

Navigation and engine electric motor usage indicator.

Ride, towing capacity, hybrid.

Definitely the seats. These are the only ones that could compare with my 300M car seats. Although no memory settings. The car rides great handles well for an SUV. You almost forget you are driving on the freeway with the cruise control on.

Hybrid engine. Transmission. Ease of entry.

Both front seats are aer power operated.

Fast acceleration, quiet, very responsive handling. Build in 3 separate remote garage door opener is very useful! Love the ergonomics.

The great gas mileage and quiet sound. Radio controls on steering wheel, plenty of cup holders for kids.

Synergy drive.

Nothing jumps out as a favorite feature.

I really like the lumbar support on the driver side seat. Tons of storage, plenty of cup holders. Love my sunroof, cd player and radio controls on the steering wheel, awesome. Oh, my sunglass holder and my homelink buttons, can't forget those are all nice as well. Oil changes every 5,000 miles.

It has room to move around and the lumbar support is nice. 

No shifting of the transmission. Great acceleration at any speed and full of safety features for my family.

Navigation system, handling, and power.

Nav, seats and radio.

Come to a stop and the gas engine shuts off. Absolute quiet, and zero pollution! I love the ride, the quiet, the ECONOMY, and the power when I need it.

Fit & finish, split-spoke wheels, chrome grille and rear license plate garnish. Looks a bit more upscale than regular Highlander. Oh yeah - the go pedal!



Great ride, the fun "space car" sounds while braking and coasting, laughing at everyone wasting their $$ on gas. ;-)

Hybrid system and the 4wd-i system. Works on regular gas, a definite plus with ever increasing gas prices. 

Whisper quiet electronic drive.

Roomy and not a flashy car.

Third seat, the mielage is really better than any other SUV weighting 4200 lbs and has capability to tow 3500 lbs.

CVT and hybrid drivetrain. 

Comfort and feel in all environments.

Nav. system and computer -- very fun to play with! Ride/drive is very good. 

Great gas mileage, more than enough power, very good dash layout.

Hybrid features/ DVD navigation system is AWESOME.

Gas mileage. Build quality. Gauges and switches are intuitively engineered. Ride quality.

Everything so far.

Comfort and quality of workmanship.

Hybrid. 3rd seat. 

Auto headlights setting, tinted moon roof, the trip meter can be set to display gas or electric operation, avg mpg, present mpg, battery level and more.

Performance, style, comfort, economy.

I like the electric air conditioner staying on when the engin is off. 

