Strong pulling power when passing on two lane road. Comfortable seats and very nice leather. Navigation system screen placement is awesome. Best looking car on the road.

Love the exterior (European type) design. Interior is great as well. It's well proportioned in its design / details.

I enjoy the touch screen navi and voice activation of just about everything. Lots of little things, like the way the doors are hinged, they will close by themselves once you get the hang of it. Very slick design. Window/roof control from the(switchblade) keyfob. ELS is the best I have heard in a car.

Exhaust note, looks, brakes, acceleration, gas mileage (30 mpg @ 78 mph), fit and finish, bluetooth, stereo, smell (pleasant new leather smell still plentiful). 

The car just puts everything at your finger tips (except ipod jack) and you feel safe/secure. The fuel economy is up to 25 average, which is outstanding.

Overall comfort/driving position; "Americanized" ergonomics and features; Sound system; Highway fuel economy (for a large car), value for the $$$.

Stereo, handling and bluetooth.

The x-m radio is a must in every vehicle. Fast acceleration is great. Looks of ACURA TL, are eye catching.

So far, no major quality or maintenance concerns. 

style, fit & finish, mechanics and reliability, climate control system, sound system, electronics

F1 paddle shifters are great! Nav system with real time traffic is a must for us LA drivers. Interior design is ergonomic and very comfortable. This car makes you want to take a long drive.

Navigation (best factory system period!), 5.1 Surround sound audio, exterior/interior aesthetics, smooth powerful engine.

Backup camera, standard HIDs and of course paddle shifters.

Motor, clutch and shifter, navigation and audio system. Motor really kicks in at 5000 rpm. Center pass-thru (wish rear seats would fold down), interior roominess, good storage areas, 12V outlet in dash, body style and overall quality inside and out, Tire pressure monitor system real handy too.

Interior is rock solid, beautifully designed, and perfectly executed. The exterior is conservative but aggressive. The tech is so far beyond anything else in the price segment. The engine sounds wonderful and performs equally well. Sorta along the same lines the Navigation is fantastic.

Great engine, HP baby!! interior is great. Red/white instrument panel is beautiful. Navigation so easy to use it. I get "Nice Car" everywhere I go. 

Audio system is great, special the NAV and voice comments.

Bluetooth, sound system, XM radio.

The styling looks almost European and is eye catching. The interior leather is beautiful, comforable, and adjustable to any like. The Nav system is great - it almost talks too much :- ). The blue tooth phone connection I use all the time. The moving passenger mirror and rear camera are great in rev.

Information system, audio sound, turn lights in mirrors, heated mirrors, power, power, power, 256 hp, sun roof, nav sys, xenon head lights, leather interior. 

Nav, radio, Bluetooth connectivity, interior styling.

Great looking. Handles great on dry road. Great acceleration. Very comfortable interior.

Bluetooth and voice command.

Everything... this car lacks nothing

Features and performance are great!

Handling, exterior lighting system, music system and many others. 

Bluetooth, navigation, paddle shifters.

Manuel transmission, The instant power the car has. You don't have to floor it to feel the power this car has. I like the navigation system with the rear view camera, and the ELS surround sound radio system. I cannot forget the red gauges.

Best navi in the business. Fast. Backup camera is standard. Extreme value compared to others in class.

The large navigation screen, the TL was the first car to introduce blue tooth technology, the tire pressure sensor, the interior features/style won't look outdated for years to come.

Audio, voice commands, navigation, agility, HID headlights, design in and out, backup camera (which I love on my MDX as well) quality and most especially value. Acura doesn't nickle and dime you.

All the equipment on the inside.

The fun to drive, the comfort, the clean lines and look (inside and out), the fun features (hands free phone and navi system).

Bluetooth, NAV, iPod jack, leather interior, fit and finish, handling and performance. Luxury for an affordable price. You get a lot for the money... similar cars like the IS 350 cost $3-$4k more for the same features. Torque steer seems pretty well controlled.

Bluetooth technology, the dash layout, seat comfort, overall style and look of the car. Softest leather steering wheel I've ever felt. Side pockets on door. 

Navigation, dashboard display panel, standard back-up camera.

Ride, handling, first class interior, XM radio.

6 speed manual gear box, LSD, big red tachometer. 4-piston Brembo brakes.

HandsFree Link

Xenon lights, Navi, power, great sound system except the cheap plastic doors rattle when you play music. Price.

Performance, interior, wheels, sounds system and navigation.

HF link, audio system, detail and finish.

DVD Audio is amazing, wish there was more availability of artists. Bluetooth is great and navigation unit is pretty powerful and easy to use. Type-S has 286 hp, 0-60 right around 6 secs. I'm not racing anyone, so more than ample fun for me.

Hands Free Phone system, Xenon headlights, stereo system, the comfortable ride that still has plenty of power.

Handling, hands free phone is fabulous, great radio. Power seems to be there although I've not been able to open it up. 600 mile break-in period.

Powerful engine with great sounding exhaust. Very nice interior with comfortable front seating. Navigation system with back-up camera.

Included options (HandsFreeLink\bluetooth, HIDs, acceleration, XM satellite radio, 6 disc CD\MP3 changer), interior ambiance lighting and gauges, optional voice recognition on the GPS, huge LCD screen for GPS and radio display, back up camera. Need I say more?

Bluetooth phone, DVD audio system, ride comfort, an MP3 jack, blinkers on side mirrors, day time running lights, excellent crash results, body style and interior design. P.S. The ride comfort reminds me of my base 2003 TL (which I traded in) but with much more sportiness, power and agility.

Interior layout, performance, tight steering, very supportive seats.

Navigation ease, sound system, smooth ride, quality of vehicle.

COMFORTABLE seats! Voice recognition. Throaty sounding engine. Strong and even braking.

Engine, handling, seats, entire interior, all the upgrades on the exterior.

Navigation, stereo and heated seats.

Best nav around, side marker lights, standard deck spoiler, switchblade key, great stereo.



Transmission, touch screen navigation, voice recognition, Bluetooth, engine, interior styling, audio system.

Heated seats, backup camera, navigation system, XM radio, driver memory, and of course the engine.

All of the new lighting outside are awesome, especially the turning lights on the mirrors. The sound system is rockin' like never before. New navigation system is unbelievable.

Driverability: the RL and TL are magnificent driving machines.

Fit and finish. Stereo! Engine!!

Voice navigation, MPGs, and fat motor.

Rear camera, retractable keyless entry fob, voice controlled navigation, audio system (it rocks), textured aluminum/wood trim, build quality and design.

F1 paddle shifters, best sound system I've ever heard in a vehicle, very easy- to-use navigation system (i.e. If you're in the mood for Chinese food, say it and you're there). 

back up camera, manual shift pedals on the steering wheel, nice red interior lighting, bluetooth, navigation, tech package with real time traffic.

Navigation system is easy to use and a great help when my wife forgets how to get where we're going.

Surround sound stereo, the seats, voice command navigation.

Exterior styling, Nav, Bluetooth, power, and DVD audio.

I like the upgraded Navi system, increased horse power, fog lights, side mirror lights, rims on the car, and the MP3 hookup.

Stereo, Nav system, gauges. More later!

Bluetooth, rearview camera, XM radio, navigation system, audio system

Nav. Quietness, fun to drive.



Navigation and music system.

The engine and the sound when hammering the throttle. I am sure the owner of that dodge charger r/t didn't know what to think when I could hang with him and his V8! I saw the smoke come from his twin exhaust, I paddle shifted down a few and hung right to his bumper!

Heated seats. Exterior styling- chrome brushed wheels, smoked tail lights. Really sharp looking. The iPod jack is great to have. The power is what sold me on this versus a base model TL. Hands free bluetooth and voice activated dialing is great.

Can play MP3 and shows titles. Heated seats. Chair comfort. Fog lamps. Gas mileage is pretty decent on the highway between 27-29 mpg, in city about 19-20 mpg. 

Touch screen navigation is one of the best out there - much better than the iDrive, still looks goods even though the style is 5 years old (and much better than the new style - what is that front end about!). Very comfortable for long road trips.

horsepower - smooth ride on highway. sleek look, nice leather trim. Great dependability, great gas mileage for a 280 hp vehicle - I get 25, combined.

Power - handling - perforated leather (my wife) - Hands Free - Homelink - interior quality

Roomy interior, instrument layout, XM radio (my wife bought it for me for Christmas), acceleration, body fit and finish. Soft leather upholstery reminds me of my recliner at home and it has daylight-like headlight illumination. The car looks like it's moving, even when parked. Get out the chocks!

The fast takeoff, navi system, exterior, too much to mention!

The car is full luxury!



Precise handling, comfortable seats (spouse's opinion too), strong headlights, reclining mirrors on reverse, 3.5 L V6 combined with paddle shifters, 10 months of ownership and no major hassle.

Nav is awesome. I got the XM traffic package which is indispensable living in the city. Stock sound is VERY good, only the hardcore will want to upgrade.

I like the interior and the blue tooth technology is excellent. the nav is alright but is useless if you don't have the street address of the location.

The way the car drives and handles. A feeling of enjoyment.

Excellent appearance, both inside and out. 

XM radio and spacious seating.

Blue tooth, navi and the engine sound

The engine is great, not really torquey but once you get moving you'll hit redline very fast. I've timed 0-60 at about 7 seconds flat, a bit quicker if you shift yourself. The sound system is terrific, the cabin is spacious, HID headlights are great, won't drive a car with halogens ever again. 

Bluetooth, power and handling--really just love everything in this car. Seat gives really good back support which is very important for me.

Sound system with XM, bluetooth, drive train, backup camera, touchscreen and voice command 

Double wishbone suspension gives this machine incredible handling capabilities. The paddle shifters are kind of cool also.

Nice that leather seats are standard instead of BMW selling leather as an upgrade. 

Luxury interior. Great mpg. Great look. Comfortable ride!

Hands free everything.

Navigation, smooth, quiet ride, blue tooth, paddle shifters and braking is amazingly nice. I-pod connection and one touch sun-roof! 4 exhaust pipes is such a great look from the back!

Great acceleration even when cruising at 60 - 60 MPH. Smooth shifting. Under normal conditions, shifting is undetectable. 

Voice activated GPS, audio controls, temp control and many more to say.

Navigation system, Hands Free Link to cell phone and BlackBerry, power and style of this automobile.

The looks, the seats, the power & the ride! Also the sound system, nav system, backup camera. 

Other than driving the car, the stereo system with the surround system is exceptional. The nav system is no slouch and quite intuitive.

Stereo/nav.

All the standard features and the stability control.

Of course, this sofisticated voice command, HFL, and navigation with the rear view camera; tape / CD, sound quality, etc. 

Same as before.

Sound system, fuel economy.

The entire package - a solid 'sporty car' at a reasonable price. The car comes 'standard' with every option I would want including a great stereo and the nav system is excellent.

Navigation, back-up camera, Bremo big brakes, exhaust tone, reliability, sound system, aggressive looks.

Compliments everywhere I go. Engine is a trip to run up to the redline. Slick shifting manual gearbox. Beautiful, comfy interior. Supportive seats. User friendly infotainment center. Minimal usage of chrome inside and out.

Power and handling. The exterior styling turns heads, especially the charcol grey wheels. The navigation system and telematics are first rate.

Just the overall exterior and interior looks. I can see having this car for 10 years and not feeling like it will ever look dated. I love the leather seats and the stereo is very good. 

Everything inside the car.

Suspension, drivetrain, interior.

Bluetooth phone in the speakers!! all around comfort!!

Engine, acceleration, sportshift auto-manual shifter, styling, interior/cabin, handsfree link, stereo system.

Back-up camera, navigation system, sound system, comfort, exterior and interior design, iPod link, Bluetooth.

Exterior looks, interior comfort, sound system. Acceleration. 

Nice exterior design, comfortable interior, great stereo and navi.

Sound system and navigation, very very reliable, high performance car.

Great leather seats, seamless gear shift, exterior design commands and gives confidence.

Engine acceleration, nav system, braking, looks.

Looks, voice commands, navigation, nice interior.

Everything standard. Xenon headlights are really bright.

Exhaust note is amazing, technological features are way ahead of their time no other compettiters come close, 2 tone leather perforated seats, Carbon Bronze color, smooth yet very brute force performance, 8" hi res screen the largest in any segment! Backup camera and pedals are amazing. Quiet cabin.

Sound system and technology.

Design, performance, noise cancellation works well.

Leather, sunroof, racy shape, interior design and layout, Heated seats will be so great in winter!

Reverse-view camera, voice command, quick acceleration, sporty looking style, navigation.

Nav system and 5.1 sound system - looks sharp too. 

Engine, navigation, voice commands, bluetooth.

Comfort and reliability. Extremely well designed. Each model year gets better than the last (have owned 88, 92, 99 and now 07).

Voice command - as long as the windows are not opened it works almost flawlessly. I never get errors in phone numbers like a few other reviewers posted. Nav is great. Brembo brakes are much better than on the 03 Type S. everything is located in the right place unlike other cars I test drove.

Comfort and performance in a sports sedan. Good cabin room. Long list of standard features. Very refined sports suspension that you can live with and is still fun to drive hard. Stereo. Look of TL-S.

The navigation system is neat and seems to pick the best routes. The stereo is also very good and I love that it plays MP3s from CD or DVD.

I love the back up camera! This alone would prompt me to buy this car again! I also like the navigation display that changes with day/night, and the XM radio.

Nav, bluetooth, styling, tiptronic paddle shifters on steering wheel, Xenon, stereo, hp, quad exhaust, bremo big brakes, voice, backup camera.

Audio system; iPod link (designed with attention to detail); HandsFreeLink; body styling; power seats; multi-purpose information display.

This is a hot looking car! The quad exhaust and body styling set it apart from the Infiniti and Lexus. I fit it with the 18" wheels w/ HP tires and it is even slicker! All the included tech is great; backup cam, navi/voice cmd, bluetooth. Controls are well laid out and it is very comfortable.

Love XM. The sound system is great. Nav is very easy to use.

Nav, DVD audio, voice control, two-tone leather, interior lighting, power, handling, audio system, comfort, fun factor. One touch button moon roof. All instrument settings illuminate (RED) - not so on the 2005 MDX. Thanks Acura! 

Smoooth V6 with an oh-so-sweet exhaust note. Slick shifting 6 speed with easy to operate clutch. Steering and cornering is as precise as it gets. Build quality inside and out. User friendly radio, HVAC, NAV, and bluetooth. Loaded for under $40K and everything comes standard. 

Sexy looks, engine sound, quad exhaust is mean looking, paddle shifters, backup camera, flip down mirrors, navi technology, navi screen size, red lights, metal race pedals, two tone leather, kinetic blue color, bluetooth, too many to name 

Engine power, manual transmission, Brembo brakes, blue tooth phone connection, rear view camera, GPS, stereo, heated seats, tire pressure monitoring, quality interior, outstanding design.

Great looks inside and out, 5.1 prologic system, sexy leather, the IDEA of controlling things by voice. The idea is good but the technology behind it can be frustrating.

Engine, smooth transmission, and interior comforts

Navi and hands-free phone system, all with voice activated commands, pickup in gears 2,3 & 4, DVD audio DTS 5.1 compatible 8-speaker sound system, rear-view camera, side-view mirrors automatically point down in reverse to aid in parallel parking, quad tail pipes and exhaust note, driver seat comfort.

Real-time traffic (a real help in LA!), backup camera, HandsFreeLink (although it picks up some ground noise), excellent handling with a ride that's firm yet supple, 30+ mpg on the highway, great sounding engine and exhaust, excellent audio system, butter-soft leather seats, and it's fun to drive!

The SAFETY ratings of the TL. Bluetooth, back-up camera, navigation w/voice recognition. 

I love the voice recognition for the navigation system and works most of the time (95%). The Bluetooth works flawlessly. I believe the best feature is the backup camera!! The Ultra Low Emission is a great way to FEEL "green".

