Comfort, rides smooth, Seating for 8, sound system, the rumble, easy to use displays and information center. Customer service with the deal! 

Engine and transmission - 6-speed and it will hold a gear.

Nice seating, XM radio, lots of room. 

Room and power.

Nav, heated seats front and 2nd row, remote start, electric back hatch. I love everything about this vehicle.

None

The towing capability of the 6.2V-8 is amazing. Pulling a 7,000lb rig is done with such ease, I can't believe that the stated towing capacity isn't something well north of 10,000lb. Also, I am very fond of the exhaust note/tuning - a great rumble!

Automatic start button on keychain, seat heaters, auto rear door (can ice shut), handles great even when towing, ride heigth, rear heat and air conditioning, dual climate controls, great sounding stereo, stops on a dime for an SUV, auto dimming mirrors, back up sensors are a must, information center

It looks great, feels great, drives great.

Everything except 6 speed tranny.

I like the leather seats. The ease of getting in and out of the third row seat. 

DVD, nav, heated seats, power 2nd row, power liftgate, 6 speed transmission, new GM warranty, memory seats

I love the Bose radio system, rear camera, room, ride and the power of the 380 ponies under the hood. The heated steering wheel and seats are also a plus. The many settings of the adjustable seat are good for my bad back.

Comfort and peformance. Love the rumble of the engine. 

I really think the exterior styling makes it one of the sharpest vehicles out there, 2nd only to the Pearl White Escalade which is $10k more! I think the MPG is acceptable for the size of the vehicle and the power it has. I like the park assist feature, Bose stereo, XM radio & mp3 compatibility.

Remote start, rear bucket seats, remote liftgate

Engine (accelerates faster than anything this size should!), the speaker system, heated steering wheel, review camera, nav system, cabin materials (leather seats are much nicer than the vinyl look leather from previous generation), the ride (even with 20" wheels)

XM radio, OnStar and Bose stereo, DVD



Chrome grille, power, wheels!

Power, Bose stereo 

Navigation, Bose stereo, 6.2 engine (horsepower), rear entertainment system, 20 inch wheels, exterior looks, dispite the flaws it is still fun to drive.

Rear dvd, 380 hp, size/seating capacity, 

9 passenger seating, integrated XM.

Remote Start, satellite radio, IPOD capability, 20 inch rims, BOSE stereo system and of the course the 380 HP.

None

Quality of the ride for such a large car. You will be amazed at the speed you will go while not even knowing it. 

20" Tires, 6.2 liter engine, exterior design

Handles like no other full size truck. Nothing but motor under the hood. Once inside you think you're in a limo.

The power and the 6 speed transmission. The style is attractive

Hook up for iPod next to CD slot. Navigation system, captains seats in second row, cargo room for plenty of luggage. Side mirrors roll down automatically with touch of button.

Navigation, dash layout, park assist, BU camera. Remote start, power liftgate. Power 2nd seats, 3rd row split removal. Rear entertainment. New engine and 6 speed transmission. 

Steering, ride, quiet, silky smooth, quality and power!

Navi, style, comfort, handling, nice options!

Love the satellite radio.

Navigation system. Driver information system. 

Love remote start, rear heated seats, DVD system. 20" chrome wheels are pretty pretty too.

Space, handling, ride, backup camera, look, DVD controls in front, navigation, controls.

Awesome Nav/DVD/XM combo console plus read screen and very user friendly. Folding outside mirrors, power liftgate.

Looks, performance, and fuel economy. Fun to drive

Smooth ride. Power liftgate. Size, cargo capacity. Interior design, wireless phone, good looks.

2nd row bucket seats, power rear lift. Bose speakers

We really like the power lift gate and the backup monitor. We also like the versatility of the seat configurations. It is very easy to switch the seats around. We love the touch screen on the navigation system, too. 

Leather interior is plush and feels like it should. Doesn't feel cheap like the leather used in older models. DVD doesn't interfere too much with the rear view mirror.

The remote fold-in mirror accessory is awesome! What a neat toy. The manual shift feature is a riot to use for some one who likes to "gear down". Keyless remote is another fun toy. This baby is full of fun toys.

Space, space, space. There are very few vehicles with this kind of space, this level of trim, and this level of performance. V8, 6-speed, Autoride, DVD/XM/NAV system is probably one of simplest to use I've seen so far. Power liftgate, and easy access 3rd row are a big hit w/ Mrs.

Adjustable chime & turn signal volume, back-up camera, remote start, split third row seat, auto wipers, locking glove compartment, sliding sun visor, remote open/close rear cargo door, folding of second row chairs, feature programming and overall interior & exterior look, fit and finish. 

Remote start, rear entertainment, easier to fold bench seats in the middle, clean & easy to use audio system, very comfortable seats, you can load the DVD to be played in the rear entertainment system from the front seat (it loads above the CD player), fuel economy isn't bad for a vehicle this size.

Auto Open tailgate, remote start, DVD entertainment. 2nd row buckets are great. Lots of room to move around back there. Great attention to interior detail design.

The ride is great...interior design is friendly..DVD system is great...and 10 speaker Bose stereo rocks. The 20 inch chrome wheels dress it up. 

Rear view camera, backup radar, tilting mirrors, collapsing mirrors, fuel economy

