Love the room

Powerful engine. Enjoyable manual shifting when desired with the consul- mount lever. Bose sound system. Ground clearance. Driveability. Sound braking. Safety features. Heated seats. Power rear view mirrors. Power rear door. Large wheels & wide wheel base. Easy interior conversion for cargo storage.

The safety

Bose system rocks, great towing, when you step on it it goes, looks great

Steering wheel access to radio. Seats very comfortable 

Legroom for miles! Very comfortable XM radio. Nav system. Rear camera / radar. Drives more nimbly than its size.



Auto liftgate, 4WD system, VDC, ABLS, heated seats, towing capability, the pure power just ready to go at a moment's notice.

Back up camera, bose sound system, seat warmers, Towning capacity.

Bose sound system, powerful engine, fold-in mirrors.

Powerful engine, Bose sound system, very roomy!

Navigation, leather seat.

DVD system, 3 row seating.

Fold flat seats (unlike the Tahoe), leg room, overall ride. Base model came with most of the goodies I wanted. Middle bench seats has lots of comfort. Third row seat standard.

Power, handling, towing ability, Bose, roomy, fold-flat seating, auto-level rear suspension, and base model incuded features. This is what really drove our decision over the Tahoe. 

Leather, C.D., steering wheel controls, 2 trips (one business, one personal), temp gauge, LEG ROOM IS AMAZING!! All three rows have plenty of leg room - very impressive - great value!

The integrated DVD / radio system is fantastic for families on the go. Once you learn how to operate it, you'll love it.

Power, interior layout and exterior that stands out from all the others that are too similar. Quiet ride. Leg room in all rows. Map lights for rear passengers. Floor shifter is cool. My wife likes that it is easier to park than the suburban we traded in.



the safety, interior design, chrome details, V8, leg room for the 2nd and 3rd row



The automatic side mirror retraction really helps when getting into, and out of, the garage. The seat heaters are keenly appreciated and the his & hers memory seat is very useful. Love the "Sonar!"

Power, comfort, looks, and the cavernous space inside

For the build quality and price this is great.

