Radio controls on the steering wheel is very nice and the temperature control for driver/passenger is nice. My wife gets cold and she can adjust her side to warmer. Also, I love the oil life monitor and all the programmable options. The chevy is just so much more user friendly than the Dodge was.

Rides like a cadillac when not using it as an actual truck. When using it as a truck, lives up to expectations as a 1500, some people must think its a 3500 with other reviews i've read.

I've never had a vehicle with controls on the steering wheel - great idea. The cloth seats are very comfortable and the controls are easy to use.

The 5spd manual trans gives the V6 more than enough get up and go. I've left V8 trucks in the dust that only have automatics. The plastic flooring is easy to clean out too. Handling and ride are nice, and seat is comfortable. I like the way the hood looks.

Vortec, good power , good gas mileage. Roomy interior, excellent A/C.

When out of car wash, looking new and shiny its like "OK,let's try it again" C'mon Chevy change something!

Looks, ride, fuel economy for full size 4x4, leather, Bose. Whole truck.

100,000 mile warranty, color, seats.

Overall design, interior space, smooth ride, automatic dual climate controls, 100k warranty, locking differential, looks great with Silverstar headlights and foglights. Quiet ride, even with the cheap factory tires.

Interior comfort, AC, low end acceleration, highway ride.

I love the big engine and the way it sound when you hit the gas. The looks cannot get better than this. Love the color. Mine is in black.

I love it strong 6.0 engine. Great acceleration and power. Really great design. It looks fast and it is fast.

Comfort. Good mileage for a fullsize truck. 

Smooth ride, gas mileage

Color, style, ride, roominess, leather.

Gas mileage

High ride, smooth ride, Onstar, heated seats, and great gas milwage! Beautiful lines, durability. 

Dual a/c, 4x4 truck height, option for 4x4 mode.

Comfy ride. Dual climate controls.

There is nothing on this truck that is any better than any other vehicle I have ever had.



The new body style.

Remote start up

I like the looks alot more than the new silverado and I bought it for about 12,000 dollars under the sticker price becasue the new model is out. The leather is very comfortable. The Bose sound system is great for a stock stereo. It is also very capable off road for a stock vehicle.

The 8 foot bed. The power of the Vortec 8 engine is impressive. Great gas mileage. Comfortable seating. Full size spare tire. Passanger airbag on/off feature. On/Off Switch for daytime running lights. Great tow package/handling.

Sound system, automatic 4WD, no nonsense way it goes about its business, and solid secure feel.

Comfortable, heavy duty cloth seats. Easy to look at dash. Controls all are with-in easy reach. Drives nice. Huge bed. Rubber flooring makes cleaning a breeze. Tough looking front-end. Great bargain.

Comfortable to drive.

Flex fuel. When prices of gas fluctuate, e85 stays stable.

Style, comfort, size and V8 power. Pulls a boat or trailer with no issues. 

The V8 is nice a quiet and smooth. In fact it has a great ride for a truck. Has a great load carrying capacity too, and is very comfortable for this family of 4.

Engine! My fuel mileage is around 17.5 MPG and I haven't gotten any worse than 15 MPG. Very impressive for a full-sized extended cab truck. This truck has zero wind noise. It's almost weird how quiet it really is. 

Good fuel economy. Roomy interior and comfortable seating. The fact that all of the bugs have been worked out of this model. I also like the 100,000 mile warranty 

I have two favorite features on my Chevy. One is the push button 4X4 that has an optional all wheel drive setting. My second favorite feature is the radio controls mounted on my steering wheel.

The auto 4-wheel drive for on the fly operation is amazing. 

V8, spacious and comfortable interior.

My favourite features are, the rear opening doors on the extended cab, great for a big dog.the rood in the back of the extended cab. The Bose sound system- Awesome sound from a factory system. Exterior looks with the 2 tone black silver paint. Ride

The front, I love it. The hood. The engine. The hooks in the bed, so helpful. The size. The economy in gas. I went from Vegas to Long beach, Ca. and I spent 1 1/2 tanks in the round trip. That's awesome!

All vinyl interior makes cleaning a snap, which I need in construction. Six person seating, 17" wheels. 

Power train. Towing capacity is good. Autotrak also works good.

Good gas mileage, comfortable seats, center console, temp gauge and compass on rear view mirror, car like handling. Like the classic look of the Chevy over Dodge and Ford. Roomy interior. 

The interior is roomy and comfortable. The engine is powerful, the towing capacity is great, and the 5 year -100,000 mile warranty make this truck a fantastic buy. 

Styling and inside design

Automatic headlights, RDS radio, uplevel cloth seats. Body integrity, fit and finish and 100K mile spark plugs.

Get's good mileage for such a large vehicle. Sound system, ride, looks!

Engine 6.0 Liter, agressive profile, Color- Black is nice, Tires/Rims, cab space, sound system, grile look and most of all speed and handling are sweet!

Stereo. Design. Roominess. Nice rims.

Exteremely roomy interior. Good power from the 4.8 V-8. Good all around gas mileage. Great value!

Roomy, can see very well, better than the extended cab model. Ride is so smooth! Great handling and traction. Too low to ground for a truck. 

5.3 engine has lots of power and gets over 20 mpg on the highway! Ride is exceptional. Very quiet interior. I love the on-board information center that calculates mileage and other information. Steering wheel controls are great, and factory chrome nerf bars. Auto headlights and push button 4 wheel drive.

Smooth, powerful ride.

I love the exterior look. Extremely comfortable ride. Very roomy.

Exterior looks.

Everything

