Pearl white paint, beautiful leather interior, AWD, gauges and displays, heated everything, GIGANTIC moonroof, smooth, powerful and incredibly underrated 4 cylinder engine. Standard fog lights. Practical and utilitarian yet elegant demeanor.

ground clearance

I love the XM radio, dual climate control, mp3/ Wma player, trip computer, panoramic sunroof, homelink, I like how the Awd uses the rear wheels to drive the vehicle when the road is dry for better performance and all four wheels to drive the vehicle when the conditions are bad.

AWD

Reliable, nice ride, ok power. We hauled all of our son's bedroom furniture in the car. 

Can't mention any favorites, like every feature about this vehicle.

Usable space. All wheel drive.

Love the cloth heated seats, the cargo cover in the hatchback area (easy to clean)engine rides quiet, great handling car! I can drive in slushy snowy roads with ease.

I like, of course, the AWD-wagon combination and versatility (you're driving a car not a truck!) the cargo space, the easy cruise control, the friendly, balanced interior, the safety features and feel that you can go anywhere anytime with this car. 

2.5 engine, good power/mileage/ reliability compromise. Tight cabin, good aerodynamics for a wagon. 

AWD is great and the heated seats are wonderful. Rides and handles well for an AWD vehicle.

They are extremely fun to drive, especially when there is 8" of snow on the ground. Any more and they will bottom out. A nice highway cruiser. 

Handling in snow, ice, cold, and wet conditions! Heated seated, leather, large sunroof, heated windshield-wipers, aux audio plug in for iPod, 6 disc MP3 CD player.

AWD, sports car like handling, great in snow. Would I buy again? In a second.

Turbo, great ride, quiet interior and styling!

Safety features.

Power drivers seat. 2 cargo nets and 2 plastic grocery bag holders keep cargo secure. Mud flaps, rubber cargo area cover, heated seats, heated windshield wipers, fog lights, and privacy curtain are all standard.

Swiss Army knife of a vehicle... sharp looking, attractive and easy to clean wheels, good mileage for all wheel drive, standard roof rack and rubber liner for cargo area.

Wood/ leather momo steering wheel, AWD, steering wheel controls, suspension, comfy seats, stereo SRS, 6 cd, lumbar support, visibility, ruggedness. 

AWD system, heated mirrors, heated seats, rear cargo mat, lumbar support, wiper heaters, ground clearance.

Heavy-duty suspension. 8.5" ground clearance. AWD system that is really all wheel drive, all the time! H6 aluminum boxer engine with a timing chain (not belt) good for 245 HP and 26 MPG. 

I like the dual pane sunroof. You can actually use the sunroof as air is deflected over the top. Fantastic extended warranty. Build quality fit and finish are excellent. 

All wheel drive, heated front window and washer nozzles, rubber cargo mat, rear cargo net, 8 inch ground clearance, drives like a car.

Handling, looks, stereo, gauge package, gas mileage, ground clearance.

Handling and braking performance.

AWD, nice features for the money inside, like the rugged styling (apparently going away in 2008!).

Where do I start? Heated leather seats, remote starter, 6-CD changer, all safety features with 2 young children. Sportshift Manual Control, dual climate control. Also the insurance company's high scores for low Injury, collision and theft.

AWD.

All wheel drive, reliability, value, competitive resale value, Subaru/Chase credit card points, ease of use, layout. 

Sport shift adds to the fun factor although you can't redline while in sport mode. It works best to downshift then put back into drive in order to redline.

CD player, sound, leather, skylight, trunk access from car, size.

Sound system is great. Auto climate control keeps inside at even temp. Love the electro dash. Interior quality is top notch.

The safety features!

Very good all around visibility. Good headlights, and a good sweep area on the front and rear wipers. The lighting on the gauges and controls makes them very visible at night. As a Subaru the AWD is a given, and the functionality of having a wagon again makes this a very practical family vehicle. 

All-wheel drive and downshift in "semi-manual" mode. 

When you pull the hand brake the running lights turn off. Dome light slowly dims. MP3 plug (even for a young sixty year old). Lumbar support and height adjustment on seat. Good feel to the gear box. Gas at 300 miles of mostly suburban and city seems to be around 24mpg (not exact yet).

AWD, heatedseats, drives like a car, room for 4 adults and luggage. Roof rack and luggage container are great too.

Sunroof, leather, heated seats, quiet ride, cargo capacity.

Handling, quietness, Auto Climate control, Sport shift mode option, Adjustability of rear compartment for carrying people or cargo. Very versatile vehicle. So far fuel mileage is 22.0 all around. (I only have 450 miles on it).

AWD, quality materials, very quiet, good radio system, ride quality, standard safety features. The heavy duty suspension and ride height in a wagon give it a SUV quality without SUV gas mileage.

Fit and finish. Engine and transmission. Handling and suspension. Interior and leather. 

All wheel drive, standard interior features including 6 disc CD changer, heated seats, tire pressure monitoring, windshield wiper warmers, rear cargo area mats, and dual front temp controls.

SUV utility with turbo manual fun. Gas mileage. Long list of standard features and quality of interior.

-AWD -sturdy roof rack -fog lights, great illumination of the road. Over all it is a great car but needs some improvements, Signal/wiper stick 25 year old design -looks -old fashion volume knob on stereo -heated seats -gas consumption -nice performance on curvy roads -all around good deal.

Like the styling, fit & finish, quiet ride, stereo, interior luxury and turbo performance. Really LOVE the ride! AWD is fantastic. Drove it in 16 inch deep wet snow and it never flinched. Mileage seems acceptable and will likely improve as engine breaks in. Have yet to find any flaws.

VDC, traction control, and good ground clearance. Airbags everywhere. Gobs of power with decent fuel economy if you watch your right foot. Big knobs and easy to read radio and climate control system. Taupe leather adds classy touch. Much quieter than our WRX. Surprisingly good looking design.

Handling, heated seats, AWD. The Subaru buying experience and support (what other manufacturers send out quarterly magazines for free?).

Comfortable seating. Great handling. Good power. Awesome moonroof. Plenty of room to haul cargo - don't notice a difference from the size of my Jeep. Glad I waited till this year to get SI-Drive, VDC, iPod audio jack. Best deal for the dough.

I like the climate control and the MP3/iPod jack & WOW surround sound as standard features. Also new for 2007 is standard windshield wiper heaters and all wear items are under the three year/36000 mile warranty. The car is a great value when you compare it with the Audi A-6, Passat, & Volvo XC-7

Four wheel drive system. Reliability and quality. Reasonable price (with rebates).

Handling, AWD, fuel economy, style, build quality, stereo with aux input for iPod.

Good HP, smooth ride, responsive for awd.

Power adjusting driver's seat,sunroof and XM radio. 

Integrated garage door opener in the mirror.

-Standard MP3 Playback with an aux input for my iPod -ability to shift the auto transmission manually...better acceleration -fulltime AWD

Very solid, 4 cylinder model uses regular fuel, easy to drive, lots of air bags, very easy to put rear seats down for added cargo room, excellent 4 wheel drive system.

Steering wheel, dash layout & color, ride, roadster doors, handling, MPG, looks, safety, price, comfortable ride. I can't wait for SNOW. I drive in WV up and down hills all day. Fog lamps. 175 HP is plenty enough for me and my family. 

Handling, exterior design, front seat comfort, stereo.

Dashboard features. Huge moonroof.

No extras on this car. Simple, like I prefer it. The more extras you have the more things there are with potential to break.

