Steering wheel controls. Many thoughtful little features that are standard on all Hyundais. Taken alone one is not so important, but when put together they indicate real thought and planning in making this a very practical and functional vehicle. The build execution is excellent.

Handling, quality, and style



Roominess, drivability,storage,wide comfortable seats,leg room in rear seat area, reclining rear seats, my passengers loved this feature on recent long trip to Washington D.C.,heated front seats with automatic lumbar support,compass in rear view mirror, it's perfect interior/exterior size,value.

Exterior Body Style, XM Radio, Cargo space in rear, Blue Lights in Dash.



I like the Blue on the dash and controls, the cargo space, and i love all the compartments!

Power drivers seat,steering wheel controls,sound system,comfort of seats,seat heaters,roominess,solid feel of vehicle,full power everything,power seat lumbar support,under floor storage bin and the whole exterior look of Santa Fe Limited.

Looks great w/ nice stance. 26 mph on hwy. Comfortable. Passenger comfort as well. AWD great in NE snow. Nice visibility from drivers seat, and nice dash layout. Blue bkgnd lighting nice touch. 48,000 miles and no problems.

space, radio controls on steering wheel,storage compartment in rear, blue lights on control panel.

All the safety features and styling.



Build quality, interior blue lighting, 18" tires, ride/handling, price, gas mileage,looks, safety features.

touring option, comfort, size, XM Radio, Interior looks great illuminated interior awesome at nite, Body contour awesome. AWD a must but have not needed it yet.



the smooth, quite ride; the leg room in the back; the storage space is awesome; XM radio; blue lights are pretty cool; gas mileage for an SUV seems right on target; warranty; I feel safe driving the santa fe.

Styling, interior and exterior

The display

everything , love to drive. 

Blue lighting, comfortable leather seats, controls in the steering wheel, handle on the back hatch makes it easy to open, and sunroof

XM radio standard, heated CLOTH seats, power seat with power lumbar. Most comfortable seat I have EVER sat in!!!

Very comfortable to drive - love the seat warmers in the cold



The easy handling of the vehicle, cargo room, the pull-down arm rest in the backseat, backseat air vents, shiftronic features, the double storage compartment, the "Miles to Empty" gas gauge, 



Blue instrumentation panel and cup holders light up. The biggest seller was the storage under the cargo area which is great and reclining back seat. 

Handling, performance and a quiet ride.

Nice, sleek look; very quiet interior; good ride and interior roominess; above average build-quality; dual / automatic climate controls; heated seats; XM radio; all the latest and greatest safety features...standard; impressive warranty; large side-view mirrors.

PRICE!!!!! Warranty!!! Safety ratings!!!!! Smooth and quiet ride, tight turning radius, 5 spd overdrive lets you operate transmission manually, standard ESC (stability control), AWD, heated seats, dual climate control, indicator of average gas usage, tire pressure monitoring, and the list can go on.

price!!!!!!!!!



Overall looks of the vehicle; Layout of the dash with the blue lights; Transmission auto/manual shift for my mountain driving; Sound system; My add on 20" mag wheels with the wide tires for better ride and sporty looks. 

Leather, hallogen headlights, blue dash lights. Corners beautifully and has lots of power merging into traffic. Rear defroster, XMS radio, sunroof.

Generally, I like the vehicle. Nice ride, nice creature gadgets. 

All the safety features, as well as how quiet it is on the road.

I love the flue instrument lighting, exceptional build quality, warranty, and the lighted cup holders.

Comfort, style, cargo space

AWD, quiet smooth engine

Looks and handling. Plenty of power for this kind of vehicle. Price for what you get....no other vehicle close.

The quiet ride, blue interior lights, the solid feel of the doors, the leg room, head room, tire pressure sensors, cargo space, interior design, and lighted cup holders!

Sportronic trany, leather seats, dual zone climate control, steering wheel audio controls. Strong V6 engine. 

Quiet and smooth. Simple and functional controls.

Smooth shifting transmission, quiet engine, comfortable seats, turning radius.

Everything.

Dual Climate, Blue Interior Lights, Storage Space in back, Steering Wheel Controls - MUTE button is suprisingly useful, XM is nice but sometimes sounds muffled.

The safety features are the reason we bought the car, hopefully we'll never have to put them to the test. The interior is really pretty and has a more upscale feel and more amenities than any other SUV in this price range.

Crazy as it sounds, I LOVE the mute button for the stereo & steering wheel radio controls. I also love dual temp a/c and heat, heated seats, 2007 just has way more amenities than my old 2001 Santa Fe.

Lots of storage, position of rear vents for second row passengers, Shiftronic tranny (just plain fun without having to teach the wife all about a clutch) and entertainment system

Handling and comfort. Blue instrument lighting. Hyundai customer service.

Interior design is functional and beautiful. The leather seats are generous and the overall quality of the vehicle is outstanding. 

Dual climate, easy to use cruise control, fantastic interior (cream leather looks superb), Nice dash lighting. Handy third row seating.

Storage bin in cargo area, Auto sunroof, Dual A/C system, 18 in wheels.

New Body Style, Standard features like XM radio, blue light up on the dash and console. Lots of storage space. 

the blue dash lights

Constantly amazed at the intelligence of the interior design... such insight and thought put into every aspect of the interior(Brilliant). If you peek under the hood and in the wheel wells and the bolting styles etc... you can tell not only by the ride that the car is a very very sturdy car. 

Instrument Panel 18" wheels, safety features and XM radio.

The luxury ride without the high price tag!

The blue illumination, the privacy glass, XM radio, the headlights and tail lights, warranty, quality. It drives like a car with plenty of room. Car seat attaches easily in the back. Fast enough to get you out of trouble. AC cools fast. Sunglass holders, and lots of airbags!

ESC & safety features standard. Manual shift transmission gives control on hills. Lots of bells & whistles are standard. Very sharp interior appearance and materials. Heated seats nice even in California. More like a car than other SUVs. 

Blue dash lights but maybe too bright at night. No light in glove compartment.

Price, Leather Seating, XM Radio (free for first 3 months), Exterior Looks, AWD, Fog Lights, Lighted Cup Holders, Pick-up from bigger engine.

Looks, great handling, nimble to park. love the blue instrument lighting, perfed leather, very solid feel. Lots of High End features standard (like stability control, elec.brake assist, autodim mirrors etc.....stuff my Avalon has but I paid $10,000 more for it !

Overall interior design with lots of hidden storage below the surface of the floor in back.

AWD with traction control should be much better than my uncle's old Willys Jeep station wagon. better gas mileage on 87 octane.

Blue dash at night is cool; love all the compartments for storage; the optional third row seat is nice, too.

interior,build quality,looks,power,10year warranty

Exterior styling, dual-zone climate control, interior comfort, heated seats, blue interior lighting, auto- dimming mirror, Home Link, lighted steering wheel buttons, reclining rear seats, 18" wheels, LOTS of interior storage, XM, powerful engine, 5-speed automatic tranny, excellent build quality.

Love the silver-blue color. Think the blue lights for the dash is wonderful.

3 row seating, easy fold down seats, heated seats, blue interior lights, AC vents for 2nd and 3 row passengers, Safety and Warranty (can't beat it)

Ride, Interior, Price, blue lighting, 18" wheels, standard features.

Quiet smooth ride, XM Radio, driver seat positions, comfortable spaceous cabin and good cargo capacity. Love the dual climate controls, blue lighting and overall feel and look of the cabin. Well, I guess we like about everything about the Santa Fe including exterior style and drivetrain. 

Very Quiet, Like the XM, The storage in back is great for out of site items storage. Like the night time blue lights.

Sunroof Lumbar seats Lighting Solid ride

Firm seats, quiet smooth ride, easy to use controls, heated seats, the list goes on.

Blue color lit dashboard at nighttime. Holder for sunglasses. Extra row of seating: I and my wife, my parents and my wife's parents along with our baby were all able to fit fairly comfortably. 

Blue dashboard lights

Interior, quiet ride, style, value for the money.

Third row seat!!! Auto climate control, wiper defrosters, trip computer, interior and exterior design, homelink, mute button on steering wheel, lighted cup holders.

Overall interior and exterior appearance-really eye catching.

XM Radio, Exterior, Interior where do I end :-) 

 Power Moonroof,Blue on White Dashboard, Light Audio and Cruise controls on steering wheel, Lighted Cup holders, Reclining Back Seats And OF COURSE Maybe The Most Important Of All An ASHTRAY!!

Fit and finish is superior.

Style, fit and finish.

Quick accelratio, TPS,ESC,and Tratction controal, all standard, you really notice the traction control in rainy or icy weather, Shiftronic, beatufiaul instrument panel

All the safety equipment that is offered standard. Interior blue lighting, dual zone A/C,reclining back seats,smooth engine & transmission,style, warranty!!!

Cabin is extremely quiet, engine performance is smooth. The interior is luxurious for under $28k. Looks great in Black

I am surpised at how much I like the heated seats on cold mornings. Driving position is excellent. Handling is very good! 

SM radio built in, auto headlamps, cruise, auto locks windows etc.

Dual zone auto a/c climate controls and A/C filtration system. 605 watt Infinity stereo sound system. Multiple storage compartments. Cool blue light illumination and illuminated cup holders (really helpful at night). Smooth almost silky ride and quiet cabin interior. Steering wheel audio/cruise ctrl. 

The leather interior and woodgrain trim gives the vehicle class. The safety features are second to none its a great stable car. I also like the dash layout with the blue lights. We are also enjoying hte back seat DVD player with subperv sound system. I loaded the vehicle withh all available options.

Interior comfort is superb. Performance is not sporty but very spirited. Around town the tight handling and great low speed agility make driving fun. On the highway the ride is comfy and confident. The 5 speed auto is as smooth as many luxury cars. Interior room is very impressive for this class.

Warranty, Warranty, Warranty need I say more. Comfort, sleek styly, performance were top notch. The package with the Sunroof, headted seats and Homelink are worth the $$$. 

Blue lights on the inside. Over all look. 3rd row seat.

Value for the money. Eceomony gas mileage for an SUV All wheel drive on demand

Many nice standard features on the GLS such as XM, heated outside mirrors, side curtain air bags. Love the AWD at a front wheel drive price. Nice long warranty but I hope I never have to use it.

Styling. The 19" wheels give it a nice stance. The 3.3 litre has plenty of jam for only a tiny sacrifice in economy and price. The dual exhaust looks great with the oval pipes. Visibily is outstanding when backing up. Illuminiated cup holders are bit blingy, but cool looking.

LOVE the blue interior lighting. Even the cup holders are illuminated. Roomy. Fit and finish is excellent. Just as impressive as my Infiniti. Interior controls well layed out. XM radio is cool and you get 3 free months on signing. Plenty of outlets for a portable DVD player. Averaging 18-19mpg city.

XM, all the basics are right there for no extra money, comfort of seats, lighted controls.

Dual climate control, steering wheel mounted sound & cruise controls, extensions on sun visors, lighted cup holders, speed sensitive volume contol.

So Quiet, and comfortable.Plenty of power,Lots of head room,even for rear passengers.Good MPG.Lots of standard safty features.

Looks and XM radio

Luxurious body style, instrument panel, cup holder lighting and location, vanity mirror lighting, secret underground cargo space, wood grain finish, drives like a dream, standard safety features, storage places everywhere and crisp interior inspires me to keep car clean and clutter-free!!!!

It looks great and the ride is silky smooth.

Climate Control (so wonderful, I absolutely love never adjusting temp and air quality sensor works great) Interior design (steering wheel controls are very convenient and all controls are easily accessible) Good Acceleration (the 3.3 V6 provides plenty of power) Comfortable Ride Good Handling

bigger, more inside room, are rest is higher and wideder

Many. Plenty of room in front, quick and handles well, good visibility all around, and excellent safety ratings.

XM Radio, fog lights, power driver seat, Home Link, and heated seats. 

The dash is layed out very well. All displays are easily seen and blue color really stands out at night

Comfort, ride, looks.The great warranty is also a plus. The base model is very well equipped.

Love the interior, dash lighting. Love the heated leather seats. Drives and handles really well.

price 

Looks, utility, good on fuel, solid, reliable, sit high to road, quiet, comfortable, great blue lighted dash

Quiet ride, strong brakes, excellent build quality. Ability to leave the headlamp switch on and they turn themselves off once you exit the car. Blue backlighting on the interior controls is a nice touch. I'm very impressed with the smoothness and quietness of the powertrain. About 20 mpg average

Adjustable seats with warming feature, Feels safe to drive 

No quality problems, smooth ride, powerful engine, great AWD, comfortable, hot heated seats.

Dash,build quality,size,looks,Golden beige paint, wood trim doesn't chip! beige interior

xm radio, roominess, handling, quiet cabin. 

100G Warranty, electronic stability control, seat warmers, appearance

xm radio that now converts to xm/sirus

Great view of the road, nice tight turning radius, quiet cabin - quality interior materials, lots of elbow room and storage space and very comfortable seats. Great dashboard!

Everything!

Seven passenger seating is a great option if needed and makes it my favorite feature.

Interior, blue lighting, storage in back, XM and infinity 10 speaker surround sound, ride, everything!!!

The way it drives and the tight turn radius. Also, the heated front seats and the radio controls on the steering wheel are great features. First time to have either of these features and we just love them. But by for the best feature is the way this Santa Fe handles itself and the smooth ride.

XM Radio Rear View dim Mirror 

It saved my life in a crash and handled better than my other vehicles.

It is a fun vehicle to drive and the turn radius is super. Has a good sound system. The on board computer is good. The sound and cruise controls mounted on the steering wheel.

The interior blue lights. The Comfy seats, DVD, reclining rear seats, thw whole car.

The dash illumination including the cupholders. Also the XM radio included as standard equipment is nice

Nice looking interior and the amount of storage is really well designed. Very comfotable to drive on a long trip.

1. I really like the idea of loading up a vehicle with the options and keeping the price under 30K. 2. I have the Ebony Black and when its clean its beautiful. 3. The size is perfect. 4. Heating and Air system. 5. All the air bags. 6. Heated seats even in Houston this winter.

Heated electric seats, huge storage capacity behind back seat and below cargo floor. Fuel economy and performance are outstanding.

Dual climate control & blue lighting on the instrumentation panel were nice touches, along with the wood grain. Fog Lights, auto-dim mirror and tail spoiler are standard. The standard stereo has great sound as well & a host of standard safety features & no clumsy rear tire mounted on the rear hatch.

Plenty of power, comfortable, confidence inspiring ride and tight turning radius. 

So much car for such relatively little money! The panel is relatively easy to figure out and navigate. I love the interior lights, and the side mirrors seem to darken the lights of people behind me at night, which is nice. 

New body style, side curtin air bags, stability control,traction control,fast take off, unbelievable turning radius,easy in and out,Very quiet and comfortable ride, solid handling and fun to drive, Quality at the top inside and out. If all else fails you have the best warrenty in the country.

No jerking during acceleration reduced road noise.

ride,solid feel,styling..warranty..and PRICE..family members all want to drive This vehicle.

Quiet, roomy and stylish. Handling and acceleration. Blue interior lights, safety features and warranty. Oh, and the price.

Seating and heated seats.

stability control and 3rd row

Safety features, interior,crash test ratings, price, warranty and Driving experience.

Love the alloy wheels, the quiet ride, smooth shifting, attractive interior, good mpg, safety, great warranty.

Style, Fuel economy, fit/finish are great! 

Love the blue illumination, tons of safety features, and the very cool storage under the rear cargo area.

Optional Bun Warmers (Heated front seats)

interior (overall) primarily the comfort and layout.

Automatic Dual climate control. 

When I'm stopped at a light or in traffic, I can't even tell it's running--it's that smooth. Love the blue lights and the sunroof. The interior rivals any luxury line.

3rd row seat. 3rd row seat with leather. Rear liftgate handle. Exterior design. Safety options. Heated seats.

Without a doubt the sunroof. I drive with it open all the time, even at freezing temperatures. Good stereo, good seperation, great clarity of sound. Comfortable seats. Good acceleration, and handling. Manu-matic tranny. It's nice to be able to control speed with the tranny, not the brakes.

Roomy cargo space - 3rd row is a neat feature Good Quality. Nice interior, good styling 115V outlet

comfortable seats

Besides all the saftey features (air bags galore, traction control, stability control), the best feature was one we weren't even aware when we purchased it. The hidden cargo compartment under the trunk area (5- seater only). This area is huge and impressive. The most practical feature I've seen.

Styling

Good all around car. We got a purchase price of 30% off MSRP. Because we got the discount, we chose to get all of the add on waranty crap at the end - not sure why, other than the bottom line still seemed like a great deal. We're happy.

The outside styling is nice and that is the best I can say after 2400 miles on it. Average MPG 15, 17 highway.

Heated leather seats, Electronic Stabilization Control, superior interior/exterior styling, V6 fuel economy, 10YR/100,000 miles warranty, electronic temperature control, programmable garage door opener, rear storage compartment.

My kids love the DVD player with cordless head phones. I love having the option of the 3rd row seats. Great stereo, too.

Safety features, warranty, excellent value for the money.

All those standard air bags!

Power, night lighting, "luxury" feel, quite interior.

Good base sound system, shifttronic automatic transmission, decent gas mileage for an SUV, great exterior look (many say that it looks like a Lexus or Infiniti), very comfortable 2nd row seats

Plenty of cargo room. Fog lights and dual exhaust. CD player with a blue lighted dashboard. 18 inch wheels.

comfortable soft leather seats,exterior/interior design, powerful engine.

interior dash, saftey features (stability control,multi airbags,awd etc). its a good looking vehicle and comfortable ride for a large cuv.

Driving, body style, 3rd. roe seat, the sound systems

Everything

Looks great!

The Blue Interior lights

Storage, heated seats, blue light on the cup holders, option to lock awd during heavy snow and power.

The biggest surprise for me is how much fun the Santa Fe is to drive. I just love the feel of the car on the road. It turns on a dime and is plenty powerful enough. It gives me the feeling of control. This is the first car I've owned that really has it's own personality - and a great one!

Smooth, quiet and sufficiently powerful (speaking for 3.3 engine, but 2.7 isn't bad either). Lots of stuff included in base price. Sharp appearance - it has even turned a few heads among the oceans of competing cuv's. Excellent NHTSA ratings. Warranty is great and previous owners seem to agree.

Hidden storage in the back.

Automatic air, foot operating parking break, rear A/C, A/C outlets for 2nd row seats, roof mounted DVD player for rear passengers, 3 rows of seats, perforated real leather, 18 inch sport wheels

The automatic temp control (dual front controls) w/ air quality system is great. I drove past a dead skunk and it automatically closed off the outside air and filtered out the smell. The standard stereo is more than enough for quality sound and the upgraded stereo is not necessary.

Near premium luxury interior.

The car looks nice.

Interior and exterior styling, projector headlamps, excellent base stereo system, very solid and quiet ride.

smooth ride,features such as dash board layout and color of the lites on dash.Engine power and fuel economy is better than advertised.Transmission is smooth and I especially like the ability to shift manually.The inside is pure quality.Move over bmw and mercedes.I have found absolutly no negatives.

Dual temperature/climate controls. Steering wheel radio controls. Safety features, side airbags, ESC, AWD, and the ability to lock the drivetrain into AWD. Like the look and fit of the trim for both the interior and exterior. The lighted cup holders are a nice touch. The Warranty is awesome.

The dashboard is so impressive and the controls are so easy to use.The lighting at night is beautiful.

Very quiet ride. Little wind and road noise. Very comfortable seating and lots of leg room. Interior design and materials are top notch. The dash at night is eye-catching. It's an entry-level GLS but there is nothing chincy about this vehicle. Hyundai did their homework and this is one great car. 

Sunroof, leather, color, power, steering wheel controls, auto air conditioning, wheel size, seven seater.

Day/Night mirror. Back floor storage compartment. CD/MP3 player. Sunglass holder. Trip computer. V6 engine.

Instrument design and heat/cooling/radio controls are really well done and I love the lighting at night. Rides and drives like an automobile. 

The exterior design is eye-catching and the interior is well laid out. It's roomy and very comfortable to drive. The fit and finish are very high quality. The blue interior dash and control lights are very appealing. Made in USA!

I love all the Standard Safety features. Other favs is the Cargo area, stereo and the all around sleekness of the design, inside and out.

The look of the vehicle makes it seem like it is very expensive. All of the features, including the many air bags, that come standard make this a wonderful buy.

I love the fact that the radio controls and the cruise control are on the steering colum. Also love the one touch sunroof feature.

Power, sliding rails on roof rack, steering wheel controls, fantastic air conditioner - cools within one minute, even in Tucson.

Quiet ride and bumper to bumper warranty

Responsiveness (except between 1&2 gear), turning radius, fit and finish (except for a minor carpet problem), handling. The 3.3L engine has plenty of guts. My eldest daughter (37) thought it was a new Acura SUV. My youngest daughter (25) wanted to go out and replace her 2005 Santa Fe immediately. 

Style, inside and out, Hyundai did their homework on this one and I feel that they are right up with the competition

Everything. DVD. Power seats. 10 speaker sound system. Go test drive it!

Amenities, comfort, ride

Exterior design, interior design, construction, diesel engine performance, comfort, fun to drive. 

Exterior design, interior fit and finish, comfort, low road noice, safety features, long list of standard equipment, overall quality. 

More leg room

I can't just pick one, I love the whole car!!!

Smooth ride. Quiet cabin. Handling.

Quietness. Feel. Smooth Ride. Good sound system, but not the greatest.

Ease of driving, price, warranty and great looks. The versatile transmission is also a plus. Hidden large storage area is great idea.

Interior storage spaces - leather seating/heated seats - great dash board, controls are easy to use.

What an attractive suv. Not too extreme in appearance, just right for me, conservative but stylish. It steering is tight and the power is sufficient. It's fun to drive. The interior needs a little work as far as all the pieces fitting cleanly. More the money, however, great value.

Style, quiet and smooth, easy open tailgate, under floor storage, good gas mileage for size.

Lit cupholders, lumbar support, secret storage compartment under floor in trunk area, radio controls on wheel, very smooth ride & good pick-up. Nice car.

Exterior styling. Quiet ride. Quality leather seats. High seat position, good visibility, good driving ergonomics. All the bells and whistles that a safe, convenient, and near-luxury car should have. Handle on back hatch = easy opening. Telescoping steering wheel. All safety features standard.

MP3 options on the stero - wider seats for the big butted people - led lights in the cup holder.

Style, right size, smooth engine/transmission. Nice rear cargo area, easy lift tailgate, good quality fabric, good MPG for size of vehicle. Great warranty. 

Thousands less than comparable vehicles.Fit and trim.Large hidden storage bin in the rear. 

I liked the desing of the car it has a sporty look .

The exterior design is gorgeous. The interior is sharp with easy to reach controls. It's very comfortable to drive. The tightness of the car and the fit and finish are very high quality. The blue dash lights are easy on the eyes too. It's built in Alabama USA, which I love too! Great Stereo too.

The exterior and interior design. Feels a class above its competition.

Quiet comfortable ride, cold a/c, great looks, better than advertised MPG. I absolutely love the look of this vehicle from the rear - very sexy!



All the storage areas make me think of Toyota. Great interior looks. Great safety features, too much to list here. My 2.7L gets 21/26 mpg. I'm getting 21mpg with moderate use of my A/C on an even combination of city/hwy use. This SUV is great! Way to go Hyundai!

fresh styling inside and out better gas milage and performance.

Really too many to count up all !



Fun to drive, great styling, nice stance, especially with larger 18" tires and spoiler, nice interior, comfortable seats,ride, plenty of room in the third row compared to others, Split folding seats great when you have six but need more cargo room, good highway mileage after break in, 24 to 25 mpg.

Color (sage,) controls, power and performance, storage, heated leather seats, temp and compass.

Sunroof, xm radio, and dvd player and the leather heated seats!

Love the layout of the interior. The gages are simple and elegant. The thermometer and compass were nice standard features. 

Over the road comfort.

Just about everything.

Comfort and handling; blue dash lights; faux wood trim; locking gas cap; placement of tailgate handle; common-sense features; turning radius; size - not too big/not too small, sunroof.

Deep ocean blue exterior with beige interior. Handles great for a 4000 lb suv. Excellent power. Very smooth and a very very quiet ride. 

Interior Design and lighting. Heated seats work great. 

Looks, mileage, interior, engine, XM Radio, this SUV is a dream to drive and extremely versatile if you need to carry multiple kids, but still need space for cargo. You do not need to own a full size gas guzzling SUV when you have the 3rd row, and the mileage is superb at 24 mpg! Great value!

refreashing look inside and out, the interior is modern and classy 

Rides like a car. Looks like a Lexus. Has more interior space than expected. Gives you great value for the money.

Rear cargo area has hide away cover!! If you don't get the third row seat.

Deluxe features of the Limited model, like interior lighting. The tailgate handle, which is like a door handle, not a fingernail breaker. 

Smooth and quiet drivetrain, ample interior room, dual climate control, cushioned compartments for storage, power outlets, great warranty, excellent night vision, turning radius, and cost to own.

1. Controls and feel. 2. Ride and handling. 3. Ergonomics 4. Styling is pretty decent from most angles. 5. XM radio and 150-watt stereo sounds great for a standard package. 6. Good interior room for passengers and rear storage. Drive one for at least an hour and you'll be a Hyundai convert!!

Looks. Engine. Paint.

Blue interior lighting, extremely comfortable, 18" alloy wheels, round back lights, woodgrain, all the little cubby holes, drop down back cup holders in the heat, back vents for backseat passengers, and volume/cruise control on the steering wheel 

Easy handling, safety features, blue interior lights. Everything was designed with the driver in mind. I put 30,000 miles a year on cars (sometimes more) and comfort and reliability are key.

interior, I have black & tan, the trim & blue lighting are great., console & interior made for long drives. Used to be single & free and the car was perfect, now married & child still perfect. 

Quality interior, blue lighting, automatic climate control, xm radio, comfortable seats.

I like everything on it. Nowhere else can you get all these features at this price. Now that Hyundai has improved their styling and backed up the cars with a great warranty, why spend more? I'm thinking about getting a Genesis next!

Peppy engine (3.3L), quiet ride, big side view mirrors, sleek styling, roomy interior, good build quality, easy handling, lots of safety features, easy maintenance (everything is easy to get to), heated seats, rear a/c vents, XM radio, etc...

Interior comfort. Available cargo room. Smooth & quiet ride. Attractive (blue) interior lighting. Outstanding warranty 

As before, the sunroof. Love it. It easily holds 4 sets of golf clubs, and the gas mileage is acceptable. When people get in the vehicle, they are invariably surprised by the quality of the interior.

Perfect size, classy, well finished interior, responsive and quiet powertrain, decent gas mileage for vehicle class, underfloor storage, dash lighting, turning radius, steering wheel controls for radio and cruise control, soft touch interior surfaces.

Smooth ride...great looking style... and a 5 year warranty.

Everything, power seats, dvd entertainment system, XM radio, heated leather seats. 

Exterior. XM, AWD, drives like a car. Very quiet. Manovers 

Nice looking with fine lines.

Blue interior lighting, cup holders, console styling, XM radio, hidden rear storage

Interior design/layout; storage under the floor in the cargo area; heated seats on driver and passenger sides; sporty (i.e. not heavy) ride

Manual transmission, allows great fuel economy and vehicle control!

nice interior. exterior fit & finish good.

Smooth, quiet, powerful engine/trans on V6. Great bang for buck, loaded for $26K. Lexus styling at Hyundai price. Strong warranty. 

We bought the "Limited FWD", and the Interior is extremely upscale and Posh for a 27k vehicle. Smooth and quiet ride, very good MPGs for the size. Very nice looking S.U.V. Perfect reliablility so far (14,000 miles). Stereo is very nice for stock, decent bass, with warm highs, we love it!

Interior space, cubby under rear deck, blue illumination, good power w/ 3.3L, handles well, projector headlights, homelink RV mirror is cool once you figure it out.

Some of my favorite features are the 605 watt Infinity/DVD surround sound system,It rocks!The seats are very comfy on trips and the rear under floor storage areas are great for hiding lots of stuff.Blue dash lights are great.Oh yea the headlights are excellent...great beam pattern. 

I love the looks, everytime I go by a Lexes 300, I smile, and the storage, I love the storage. 

XM radio, plenty of room for storage even with seats up and gas mileage.

Seat heaters, sunroof, leather, tight feeling, drives awesome on highway, lighted cup holders, lots of storage, pockets on back of both seats!

Lockable AWD, lots of storage, blue dash lights and power.



Hidden cargo storage area. Rear seat vents. Tilt/telescopic steering wheel. 3.3L motor has very good pick-up. Lighting in cupholders. Superb warranty.

Quiet, comfortable ride, pretty quick, great in the snow, overall appearance.

Love the heated cloth seats and blue interior dash lights.

I love the "trunk" space compared to the Higlander and the "look" of the blue light dash board. XM radio is also real nice. 4 wheel AWD works like a charm

Modern interior design, impressive safety features are standard. Long drive train warrenty.

Smoothness. Ride Interior controls, touch and feel. Dash and interior at night.

Price! 

XM radio, sun roof, performance and handling (compared to old Jeep Cherokee), really the whole car rocks!

Quite ride, acceleration, feel of interior and looks of the exterior.

Virtually everything?power, quality, feel, and attention to details. Gas mileage is actually improved over the prior model, and about par-for-the- course for a car-based SUV.

Heated seats...oh yeah. Blue interior dash lights.

Style, handling, comfort, quietness, features for price, warranty and the list goes on. Try it . . . you'll like it!

Comfortable, sylish, all wheel drive control, with four wheel drive available for snow. Feel safe with size and many safety features.

Looks,safety features, esc, traction control,shiftronic tranny, interior room, moving headrests, curtain air bags, engine smoothness, gas cap holder on the gas door,lighting 

Wood grain dash, heated mesh leather seats, tire monitoring, and plenty of storage.

warranty, engine, transmission, gas mileage, roomy interior, fit and finsh, telescopic steering wheel, front leg room,and rear seat is better than most

Cloth heated seats. Interior quietness and a sense of safty in bad weather.

All Features Are my favorite. Plus without the third row of seats I have more than enough out of the way storage space.another great idea is that they have moved the tire changing tools to the rear for better access.

XM Radio

I also looked at all the other SUV's and would have paid at least $3K more for anything comparable. I love all the safety features plus the interior & exterior styling for the price. 112W 6 speaker stereo. Reclining rear seats like the CRV w/ center arm rest. Radio controls on steering wheel. 

The climate control is great and the cooling in the rear is perfect with the rear controls. The dual exhaust is also a nice addition.The tire pressure measurement system is usually found on more expencive vehicles.

Favorite feature is the ipod plug, which I had installed!

Suggested Improvements

AWD, handling control, stylish looks, excellent ride, comfort, reliability, I love my sunroof, too!

Comfortable seats, Heated seats, XM Radio, Look of the vehicle, Power of the vehicle, Cargo space, Sunroof, Blue lights on dials etc... Interior finish. 18" tires. I'm sure I will love the AWD this winter and look forward to trying it out.

The amount of features on the car considering the price.

Feels safe and well-built. Great sound system even in pretty basic model. Tons of space. Lots of features for the money. Large gas tank, only fill up once a week.

Excellent Price, Semi-Luxary comforts, Good design and great power, Smooth and Sillent run.

- interior materials and blue lighting - hidden storage compartment - automatic AC 

XM Radio, comfort, feel on the road.

Shiftronic transmission. Side airbags.

Overall comfort, sunroof & steering wheel conrols.

