Exterior design, towing capacity and fuel consumption.

Rain-sensing wipers, power folding mirrors, power folding second-row seats and power lift-gate. Rugged styling and decent Bose stereo.

Like everything on the interior. Ours is loaded and it is nice. 

The ride, interior looks, and exterior looks are fantastic for a vehicle of this size. I've never sat in a more comfortable front seat driving position.

Nav, high road position, resistance to wind and rain and snow, feels like you are flying first class with big seats, etc, love XM radio. Thought that the tail lift was unnecessary, but we like it. 

My favorite is "the feel"...I don't know how else to explain it. It's substantial, responsive, and comfortable.

Great, luxurious interior design. Very comfortable. 2nd row captains chairs. Rear entertainment system with DVD loading & controls in front.

Steering wheel controls, seat comfort, exterior styling - it is beautiful to look at in the driveway.

XM radio, heated seats, remote start, automatic tailgate. Probably systems Chevy outsources. The best feature by far is the small turning radius. That is a big plus. The interior leather is holding up fine. The seats are comfortable. 

Bose radio sounds great. 20 inch chrome rims. Remote start. Great looking dash 

Navigation alerts you to the closest gas station when fuel is low. Rain sensor wipers. 12-way seat for both driver and passenger. Rear camera and sensors. Memory mirrors and seats.

Drive comfort, interior sytlying, information center, 100,000 mile power train warranty, remote start feature.

Power of the 5.3 engine. I ran it as high as 90 miles an hour no trouble at all

Bremuda Blue color is really a head turner. Twenty inch tires give a comfortable highway ride. OnStar is a great resource especially with the car phone feature. Fun to drive.

Love the horsepower. Love the look and style. The larger wheels are worth the extra money.

Navigation system with voice recognition feature.

The only thing I like is having the OnStar.

What's not to love?

Best feature is the engine. The flex engine and the old 327 that was very poplar in th 1960s.

Interior layout, heated seats. OnStar. Looks great

It looks great and rides smooth.

Navigation and touch screen display. Comfortable seats. Great look. Power liftgate. Rear parking assist. Personal settings option on dash

We love it all. We have no complaints.

Navigation system. Computer readouts (oil life remaining, tire pressure, instant economy, etc.) Auto liftgate. Auto rear seat lifts. Looks.

New look

Safety feature. Solid build feel. Captain's chairs. Entertainment system, quiet interior, overall style!

My favorite feature is the remote hatch. Got your hands full, just press the button! 

Love the new design, remote start, power lift tail gate, 2nd row bucket seats, and great power.

Comfort of the ride and handling for such a large vehicle. Navigation system and rear view camera are great.. No excuses now for backing into something. The electronic folding 2nd row bucket seats have already come in handy too. 

Overall exterior look. Cruise controls on the steering wheel. Automatic 2 or 4 wheel drive. Ease of removal and folding on third row seats. All radio controls on one side of the steering wheel.

Interior comfort, and location of just about everything. Bermuda blue is stunning. I love the rubber feel to the knobs. Pedal adjustment and leg room is great. Hatch release inside and on fob. Open and close feature. Fold flat mirrors. Heated windshield wiper fluid. Stereo, XM, OnStar, climate control.

Different look compared to competition. Roomy for passengers. Car starts by remote. Very useful in cold or warm climates

I love the remote start feature! Back up camera is neat. Push button to move 2nd row seats is great. XM radio is fantastic!

Comfortable ride. Head turning style. Low dash and comfortable seats.

Really responsive and smooth ride. XM radio/navigation a real plus. Escalade chassis without the bling and 1$0k less!

I got the one with the navigation. And I love this option. 

We like it all!

V-8 to V4 engine. Unnoticeable, very smooth. Retractable running boards. Rides better than our Acura. I've read the American companies are closing the quality gap with Japan. This truck seems to support that.

NAV, DVD, heated 2nd-row bucket seat.

Sunroof, DVD system, and seat memory. 

Excellent engine. Smooth with lots of power on tap. Transmission shifts are perfect. Watching the V8/V4 fuel mileage monitor, one cannot feel the transition from V8 to V4 -- it is seamless. Dash and controls well layed out and positive feeling. Incredible Bose speaker system, very comfortable.

Sleek design!

Leather interior, sound system. Remote start. The whole package is very nice and well put together. 

Power retractable outside mirrors. Rear parking assist. Power liftgate. XM satellite radio. DIC info center. Comfortable heated seats. Visibility. Easy exit feature.

Dual A/C, braking, dials, headlights, body shape.



Comfy seats, lots of cup holders and power jacks. The ride is very nice, and not bad mileage for such a large vehicle. It looks as good as it drives.

Beautiful interior finish and amazing ride and handling. But with gas prices where they are today, the best feature has to be the fuel economy. No other vehicle can carry as much, as comfortably and safely, and get this kind of mileage. Now we just need E85 in the Northeast!

I love the comfort, and easy accessibility of all the "extras". Driving this beauty is a dream. 

My favorite features are the reverse warning, XM radio, hands free phone and the roominess of the cabin. Also the active fuel management which switches from V to a V automatically.



Styling, features, ride, entertainment system, power and towing capabilities.



We love the rear-camera. The car is big. It's very helpful when backing up or parking in tight places. A must when parking in the city. The doors are heavy, which is great. It feels solid. Great gas mileage and acceleration on the freeway.

Almost everything, especially gas mileage.

Comfortable seating, large cup holders, great A/C system, which is needed in NC. Aux system is easily controlled by rear passengers.

I like everything about this vehicle. 

Modern design of the dash is good. This SUV also has a nice ride for its size.

Interior quality - dash layout and quality of leather, plastics and fake wood. Great fit and finish. Looks and sounds great - Love XFM. Also smooth! A cruising dream.

XM Radio, Back-up camera and the GPS

DVD Nav radio with back-up camera, 2d row heated seats with power fold and tumble release, power liftgate, rain sense wipers, heated washer fluid, remote start, iPod ready radios, 20" wheels and tires from the factory! Low maintanence through 100k miles, and it even tells you when to change your oil

Rear camera, satalite radio, navagation, stabiltrac, DVD player.



Except for the the dishonest claims of the shift from V8 to V4, this is one of the best vehicles I have driven.

Stabilitrac, fold and tumble 2nd row seats, power rear lift gate, rear camera, 20" wheels, excellent fuel economy

Everything except this fuel leak incident.

Quick - sufficient power reserve to allow for passing and merging into interstate traffic. Refined driving experience. Sexy 20" optional rims, and an interior far removed from the 1985-era version found in the last-gen Tahoe. Styling more aero/Euro than before. Locking glove compartment door!

Really do not have any.

Power liftgate, steering wheel controls, XM radio, DVD entertainment system with the wireless headphones, ride and handling, power.

I love the auto tail gate, review camera, and DVD.

Very nice ride and design Tahoe.

Seats, Bose stereo, power & torque (5.3 Vortec engine), color (Dark Blue), the redesign, the neat computerized information stuff, etc..

The GPS, OnStar, XM radio, rear view camera along with the memory package are all great features

DVD in the back to watch surf videos while putting on my wetsuit before hitting the surf. BOSE surround sound stereo, MP3 player connection, leather seats, and sunroof baby!

G80, integrated trailer hitch, comfortable and quiet interior, good fuel economy, functional luggage rack, and huge interior

Exterior and Interior design.

Written by: 

Interior, controls, and location. Great mileage for a big truck

XM radio, power lift gate, steering wheel controls, solid steering and hug the road feel

Navigation, rear camera, outside/inside redesign, 20" wheels, larger center console, rear curtain airbags, mp3 input, the smooth ride, others too numerous to list!

 Overall great looks, seating comfort, xm satellite radio (standard and free for 3 months!) The fuel economy has really been excellent compared to my Navigator-about 18 mpg overall. The rear power flip seats and power lift gate are really nice. 

8 cylinder to 4 cylinder mode

Engine power, air conditioner vents, brakes really feel good, outside looks, all the electronic bells and whistles, first year of free OnStar.

Factory remote start, reads the interior temp, when it's hot inside it blasts the A/C, and when it's cold it blasts the heat and turns the front heated seats on for you. Also love how after you wash the windshield, the wipers stop for about 10 secs and then wipe the glass one last time.

Navigation, chrome rims, xenon headlights, sunroof, automatic rear liftgate, OnStar, and many other things

Front end view, rear view, well the whole truck.

Great brakes. The power...ah yes. Well, it's there alright. You just have to get to it. Certianly not awesome off the bottom, but if you can wait for it to build...or like to mash the accelerator early on, it goes pretty good. New styling is great. Breaks away from the familar Tahoe mold. 

Road handling, power, comfort, luxury feeling, OnStar (highly underrated). stereo, etc.

The "Active fuel management" (cylinder deactivation), rearview camera,backup sensors,dvd viewable in the front,touch screen, entire look of the enterior and guages,layout of the buttons and controls,power folding mirrors,rain sensing wipers,exterior lighting under side mirrors,remote start.

Navigation system

Power liftgate, remote start, handling

Remote start, XM, integrated phone, 6 disc changer, high quality interior (by GM standards the best), power lift gate, but most of all, it has an incredible turning radius compared to my brothers 2002 Yukon. Easier to park than my Z71 even though it feels bigger.

What's not to like! The interior was well thought out and the remote start is a great feature.

Front end looks

The ride, engine performance and efficiency. The interior design and comfort. Great exterior style!

Remote start, back up sensor, electric lift gate, re-designed interior, middle row captain's chairs, and of course the 20" Chrome Wheels!

An attempt to get better gas millage by dropping to 4 cyl mode. The ride is like a car. The second row bucket seats are heated and recline.

The view from the front seats. The wider stance makes a huge difference and the windshield seems to be a lot bigger. The ride is much improved and you can just feel the increased stability. Everything, steering, braking, acceleration and noise level all improved---the sound system is awesome.

Automatic power release 2nd row seats

Body, interior, smooth quiet ride.

New GM nav system is very easy to use , the auto hatch is a real arm shoulder and back saver as is the auto fold down second row. Rearview camera better than the Lexus .

Auto remote start, seat warmers, lots of room, comfortable seats, OnStar is nice to have.

I have to say all of the extra gadgets such as dual comfort controls, navigation system boise sound system ride and performance.

Love the Bose sound system and the XM radio. Seating position is good.

Touch Screen Navigation/radio. Satellitle radio Bose Speakers. Auxillary jack for iPod.

Great performence & gas mileage.

Remote start and power tail gate

Auto Climate Control. Sunroof. DOD. Driver Information Center. Steering is much improved and the turning radius is excellent. 

Controls in the steering wheel, kid friendly. Beautiful looking. Turns heads. 

The LT3 equipment groupis well worth the cost. 2nd row heated seats, new leather seats style and the rear park assist always helps with a car of this size. The tailgate auto open and close is a must. The auto start from the key remote is nice on cold days. 

Exterior styling

All, although on board nav and MP3 get used a lot.

Radio controls on the steering wheel. OnStar. Plenty of room, smooth ride, body style

Interior look/feel. Good power/acceleration when needed.

Exterior body styling. Leather seats

Comfort, safe feeling

Good ride and fuel mileage for a vehicle this large.

Interior/exterior styling, ride quality, stereo, navigation system, back-up camera + ultrasonic parking sensors, steering wheel controls that let me control just about everything.

Exterior styling, ride, comfort, simplistic gauge design, rear park assist.

Heated seats and power liftgate, Bose stereo, trailer package. Interior and exterior styling very sharp.

Front end design, dash design, remote start, XM radio, ease of third seat removal, rear hatch useable by electronic button, OnStar for not limiting the number of listed/recorded break downs, backing up sensor. Flex fuel.

DOD (displacement on demand), Interior layout of dash, Rear mid-bucket seats and entertainment center, overall room and comfort... AND $$$$ New sticker price was awesome.

Navigation, one touch sunroof, DOD engine makes you feel a little better about gas, power adjustable pedals, side air bags, and the looks! 

Too soon to rate reliability so rated based on past experience, previous 2001 Tahoe with 69000 miles needed only oil changes and brakes and tires at 55000.

Interior fit and finish is spectacular. Exterior is great, beautiful paint, limited use of chrome. Lots of little additional features that add up to a great package.

Displacement on Demand

Vey quiet and very smooth driving.

I love the navigation system. I can't believe I used to drive without one.

Interior is super. I especially like the info center.

Body, interior, sound system, mpg, comfort, great seats.

I love the navigation system, third row seats are flexible, one touch retractable rear seats for easy acess, exterior looks, comfort, big rims, stereo system, built quality, too much to list!!

DVD

Looks awesome, rides awesome, handles awesome, pulls awesome. Awesome stereo and dvd player. Nice leather, I love everything about it except the transmission! Big flaw!

Comfortable ride, when not in the shop. Quieter than other large SUVs. Good storage when 3rd row is removed.

Leather wraped wheel. XM, DVD, navi, mp3 Bose radio. Power lift gate, quad captian chairs. Heated, neutral leather. Full featured!

OnStar and the interior seating.

Seat warmers, easy handling and turning radius

The Bose stereo

I like the two tone black and beige interior. I have 20 inch tires that ride smooth. Most of all I like my chained patterned grille that came with my Tahoe.

NAV, camera, DVD, black leather seats

Body style, interior room, the sound system.

Great ride and good power

20" rims, leather, DVD, Bose stereo, towing capacity, looks. Heated seats. So far 30000 kms no issues reliability wise. Great truck, hope it's reliable.

Navigation, DVD

Flex fuel capability 

Black leather, heated seats, towing, 20 inch wheels, 4 wheel drive works so far. 

Body style; interior room; towing & power compared to competition. Bose sound system.

Look of the car, 2nd row captain's seats, DVD player.

The smooth suspension is my favorit part. The handling I also like.

Central computer, reverse sensor/video, seat heaters. The new look.

Rear parking assist. Bose audio system. 20" polished wheels are a must! Interior cabin. I never have received so many compliments on a dashboard before. OnStar voice navigation for making phone calls. Automatic remote start straight from the factory. One touch blinker to change lanes. 

The active fuel management has been great. We removed the 3rd row, allowing us room to take our dog and luggage on long trips.

Electrical system, back up sensors. This is a well thought out vehicle and should bring pleasure to the discriminating buyer. 

Big, safe and nice styling.

Interior, 2nd row bucket seats, 20in wheels, powerlift tailgate 

DVD when working, seat warmers, back up sensors

Steering wheel features. Quiet, smooth ride.

Love the new look, the interior is great. It's very comfy and love all the wonderful features. Navigation, DVD, 3rd row, controls, and towing.

Smooth ride! The best turning radious in it's class! 

Power tailgate, memory seats, DVD system for kids, remote start. Large rims, however chrome would look much nicer. 5yr/100k power train warranty.

DVD/Navigation, XM Radio, comfortable seats, power liftgate. Rear view camera and sensors.

Working the way it was designed to.

XM radio, 20 inch wheels, interior comfort.

Back up alarm.

Safety, XM radio, remote start, and drive comfort.

Love the new interior layout. Dash is neat and functional. 

2nd row captain chairs. Blue metalic paint. Soft but firm leather seating. Large console for storage.

Liftgate, XM features, seat capacity.

Interior look and feel and the new V4- V8 engine.

Heated seats, parking assist, comfortable ride, power, overall look, 2nd row captains chairs, roominess

XM radio, remote start, rear park assist, tight turning radius, overall fun to drive

Turning radius, comfy interior, very smooth ride, sleek look, safety features, Active Fuel Management, the heads that turn when you pass other vehicles.

Love the sunroof, the navigation system, the Bose speakers, the backup camera, and the 2nd row leather bucket seats. I bought the Z71 package strictly for the brush aluminum interior finish and front grille

Very roomy, stylish, and very comfortable on long trips. Plenty of room for a family of 4 and groceries for a week.

Engine power. Comfortable ride. 

Exterior body design (front), braking 

Flex fuel option and instant economy fuel options. 2nd row captain's chairs.

Big front buckets with big console. Radio and controls easy to use. factory 20' chrome wheels are stylish. Powerful engine.

OnStar, heated seats, navigational system, and individual climate control

Brakes are superb, love the new design!

Cylinder deactivation on the highway. Quiet and roomy. Great fit and finish

V8 growl, the way it looks in black all shined up

The drive. It's so much fun to drive.

Steering wheel controls are very easy to use. Sound system is very good. Vehcile is easy to handle.

Styling, comfort, navigation system, sound system, and performance.

Remote start, heated washer system, reverse camera, power liftgate.

Body style, subtle yet noticable. Suspension smooth, braking excellent. Audio system with the Bose awesome. Last feature is body integrity. Paint and trim very smooth. Well put together

Interior design/quality. All the recent GM products are greatly improved. The Tahoe looks great. Lack of road noise. Very, very quiet ride Handling. Great turning radius for such a big vehicle

Comfort. Generous room in the truck. Very smooth ride. Great sound system with Bose.

Interior design is excellent. Very comfortable to drive. 

Love the OnStar and the turning radius of the truck.

The handling and the ride are the two features that set this vehicle apart from other SUVs that I have owned. Enjoy using the navigation system. 

Good looking truck overall. Good strong engine.

Back up sensors even let you know if some one walks behind the truck in the parking lot. Motorized lift gate, comfort, mute button on steering wheel, mileage, remote start, Lights, looks, programmable entry exit lighting and locking. The passenger seat wieghs the person and turns the air bag on/off.



Quiet, good power, great towing stability, comfortable ride.

Interior styling and comfort. Remote start. Climate controls and really efficient heating and cooling. Bucket 2nd row seats

The exterior looks tough. The interior is very nice looking and the ride is so smooth. A very comfortable ride.

The navigation system, and all of the toys a truck lover could ever want in a suv. I love the back up camara. This one is a little clearer than the one on my Range Rover

Comfortable seats. Great visability while driving. Excellent power when you need it. Decent gas mileage for a large, heavy vehicle. Great audio system.

I like the ride, feel and power. 

Two tone seats. Navigation. Comfortable seats, 2nd row buckets. Bose radio, cordless headphones for DVD's.

