This truck drives more like a luxury car. Yes, the LS is smoother, but the GX is better than most cars. Bluetooth works well and is a big advantage for those who must be on the phone when driving. The storage area is large and rear door which swings open sideways is actually easy to use.

Fun to drive and comfort of drive.

Comfortable ride, great handling, exterior appearance (wish it came std. with xenon headlights), fantastic sound system (except when I forget to turn down the volume when my 4-year old powers off the rear ent. system), plenty of head room (not that I needed - I'm only 5'), controls on steer. wheel.

navigation, Mark Levinson stereo, camera view while reverse, overall build and feel

Trim package is beautiful.

Ride height, navigation, Mark Levinson stereo, side-opening rear door, and the exterior design.

Interior layout and quality is superb. The standard sound system is great and includes an input for iPod.

The iPod jack. Smooth ride. Adjustable suspension system.

Rear view camera and Mark Levinson sound system plus navigation.



Since I have physical mobility issues, the back up camera is great. The nav system is much better than that of our 04 SC, as are the touch screen options. I also find the voice activated commands very convenient.



Rear camera, power sun roof, rear a/c , Tilt away wheel, navigation system with touch screen, ease of use of the 4x4, the ride and true comfort, lack of squeaks and rattles. Drives and rides as well or better than my deville. The size is just right.

I love the rearview camera, the nice V8, the beautiful design of the interior, and the navigation. The ability to adjust the air shocks and suspension on the fly is second to none. It corners very well and has a great turning radius.

Bluetooth tech, smoothness of handling, iPod port, headrest tv monitors/dvd player.

Navigation, Bluetooth, Great climate control system. Interior design and materials are top notch. Very comfortable seating. Lots of cargo space for those Home Depot visits.

Ride, handling, electronics, style, sound system.



This GX 470 drives and rides better than any other SUV. 

Bluetooth, RSES, Gen 5 Nav. w/ tons of features although I still trying to figure out all the voice commands, beautiful wood trims all aournd.

The Ipod interface, bluetooth, Gen 5 Nav, and the 9" rear entertainment DVD.

Bluetooth phone, Nav system, Levenson audio, great looking.

Gen 5 Nav, RSES, and handling

Audio in port, powerful engine, great brakes, awesome nav and bluetooth interface, easy-to-operate 3rd row seats. 

