AC outlet in console (every vehicle should have one), Seat warmers, hard plastic back end, leather seats, roof rack, satellite radio, in dash tire pressure gauge, radio controls on steering wheel

The accessory package I purchased. The jeep has more than enough places for storage and places for items for long rides.

Umm, its an American car with cup holders?

It's good in the snow.

4x4, YES fabric, good handling

The floor is deep meaning that it is like sitting in a chair vs. when you sit in another suv and your knees are higher than your lap. The cover on the full size spare is hard plastic polymer that can be taken out and hosed off no carpet to shove back in place.



Powerful 4 cylinder. Lifetime warranty.

traction control, 4 airbags, paint color, jeep styling, gas mileage, 5 speed shift position, the lighting of the gauges, interior style

Price, gas mileage, comfort, looks sharp, ruggedness. What more can you ask for? Everything you buy a rig like this for is spot on as far as I'm concerned.

Simple and basic, nothing fancy 

Jeep Styling, Heated Seats, Gas Mileage, 4x4 Performance

Sunroof, leather seats, U-Connect phone, foot room in the backseat

I love the luxury of the heated leather seats, serious radio, C.d. player, electric doors and windows, and the sunroof. Our Jeep is trail rated and 4x4 which if your gonna buy a jeep you have to get a 4x4. 

Ground clearance, comfortable and roomy seating, smooth ride, reasonably priced. I got the optional heated leather seats and they are wonderful!

All interior components are where they should be. The looks are serious with rugged style.Roomy and easy to clean leather interior. No fear when traveling in any environment. I live in the Northeast! The 9 Speekersound system could level huge loud talking barbecue crowd. Of course that Jeep Green!!!!!

Looks-MPG-Love the Nav system and Sirius radio and Boston sound system. U-Connect is great-and really like the auto dim on mirror. Like the fact that radio fades out when call comes in. Too hot in Texas right now to run w/ moon roof open - A/C cools inside quickly - in fact it gets cold! 

Almost everything; gas mileage, sunroof, navigation, fold down back seats, bluetooth (I?ll never not have it again!), roomy leg room (sales guy 6?3 sat in the front passenger; Dad 6?1 sat in the passenger back seat; both had PLENTY of leg & head room). 

Four Wheel Drive, Sun Roof, Jeep Green!

Everything.. Gas mileage, Sun roof, Navigation system.

Square looks, turning radius, fun to drive, stereo

mp3 hook-up, spacious for driver (I'm 5'10 and i sit all the way back and my rear passenger still has comfortable room), the material for the interior, easy accessible cup holders, decent storage space, oh and the stereo system is pretty good!

Spaciousness, gas mileage

Headlights, headroom, fun accessories, Jeep looks, color, YES seats, high- adjusting driver's seat, gas savings!, manual stick, 4WD, turning radius, goes places I couldn't go before...

Feel & Trim.

Rather quiet and smooth ride. Seems like a safe vehicle.

boston acoustic navigation

Safety (air bags, ESF, etc), and dash area (temp, compass, MP3, etc)

Look. MPG. Great in snow.

it's a good looking vehicle and the gas mileage

Great mileage, 28 mpg. love the MP3 hookup, seats 4 adults comfotably! 

Love the ESP in the snow! Stops great, did some tests the first snow we got. With ESP on, off 4WD on and ESP on then ESP off with 4WD on. I was very impressed! I am not worried about winter anymore. Now can't wait till summer comes and I can see what it does in mud.

Boston Acoustic stereo, sunroof, exterior design, heated seats

Interior detailing and mileage

Good gas mileage and comprehensive Vehicle Information Center. Solid ride and comfortable interior. Sensational SUV for a single person.

Styling, fun to drive, able to store everything I need for trips. Very solid SUV. 

I love the auxiliary jack and the outlet! The keyless entry has impressive range as well, from about 100 yards I unlocked my car. Auto-dim rear view is a must.

Sound system, 4x4 capability with FWD MPG rating, tremendous interior space, EVIC, fold flat seats. Actually also prefer the "plastic-y" interior as it is much more durable than the other materials I've had in vehicles, plus veryeasy to clean up!

Great Jeep looks, ample interior room and good off road capability.

Nice transmission (CVT). Good layout of the dashboard, instrument panel and radio. Comfortable seats (except head rests). Fun to drive. 

Exterior looks, fuel economy, and versatility.

Love everything about it.

Two-tone 'leather look' seats, MP3 jack, exterior styling, comfort and roominess, 4 wheel antilock disk brakes and most of all - paid under $15K. 

Smooth transmission, good mileage, inside fullsize spare tire, great lifetime drive train warranty, ride, nice cloth seats, cargo door opens up instead of sideways, only car where the windshield washer hits the windshield right, smooth transmission.

Fuel economy. Great instrument cluster look.

Handling, outside styling

This one is loaded with all the toys and the BlueTooth hands free is great, Navigation is very useful, 6-disc player and Sirius Sat radio is great. 

Fuel economy, overall exterior design, wheel upgrade

Comfortable leather seats, smooth ride, roomy seating, great exterior and interior look, great gas mileage

The aux jack, the audio controls on the steering wheel and the ease of the fold flat seats.

It looks nice. Fit and finish are OK. The interior is attractive. Makes a good first impression. The engine impresses as definite progress in 4 cylinder technology. But then, save us all, they tie it up to that transmission. Our son doesn't notice, though. 

Smooth engine that will pull in any gear from 1,500 RPM.



Style

Low range. Rear passenger access/egress. Fold flat seats

The Aux jack. I cannot say enough about being able to listen to my IPOD in the car.

Stability control, four wheel disc brakes, rechargable flashlight, side impact airbags, stereo system.

I wanted this vehicle for the storage and it has it. I just wanted a basic SUV that actually looked like a Jeep. The seats are great the comfort is pretty good and even without the 4x4 it handles great off road

Gas mileage better than some hybrid SUVs. Removable flashlight is cool. Ride is smooth. Green metallic color. Handling is pretty agile. Highly configurable if you choose to special order it (which I did) which can make it very affordable.

Body style, comfortable seats, gas mileage (brand new I averaged 27 mpg), and the 'big' feeling you get in such a compact vehicle.

Off road capability, commanding feel when driving, smooth CVT, very comfortable seats, quiet cruising speed, ample cargo room for 2. Rugged feel, yet very comfortable as a daily driver, unique exterior.

Looks and styling. Comfortable thick seats, safety conveniences, lots of backseat legroom, full back seat for passengers, disc brakes all around. 4x4 trans, not found in this price range in other vehicles. I researched all, and this came in way under anything else on the market. Jeep dependablity.

Boston sound system, fuel economy

The exterior design, the gas mileage, the roomy feel, the turning capability, the stereo system.

Sun roof, heated seats for a good price.

Two tone interior very pleasing, rear comfortable, nice dash/radio layout, outside looks both tough and cute at same time.

