Bluetooth, iDrive, the stylish design, sport package, the V8 360hp. Premium sound and navigation.

Styling, road handling, seats, BMW quality.

Handling, seats, sunroof, overall excellence -- a joy!

Seats, handling on corners, sound system, navigation, smooth quiet ride at high freeway speeds.

Sun roof, Idrive console, bluetooth, auto-sensor wipers, controls on the steering wheel are great, aux input to play music from Iphone, roomy trunk.

handling, brakes, road manners, looks, resale

Styling. Performance. Xenon headlights. 

Power and handling, MP3 CD player, steering wheel controls and the warranty.

Design, handling.

bluetooth, x drive, smooth as silk engine and ride, adaptive lighting and the interior

Great ride and great mileage

Acceleration, handling, sound system.

Nav, sat radio, swivel headlights, handling, great sounds from the engine, workmanship, rock solid reliability, not one problem with car. MPG averages 18-19 city, 25-27 hwy.

Though just about every single magazine hates the iDrive, I am very happy with it. There are a lot of things that can still be improved but I think it is very user friendly. If you know how to write your name, you shouldn't have a problem with it.

Xenon headlights; Sirius radio.

Design, video screen with iDrive

See my previous review of car.

Heated front and back seats. Bluetooth. Triclimate control. Comfort access. Idrive. Nice leather seats. Good room in the back. Xenon headlights. 

Love those $800 headlights, lol. Also, I love the envious stares I get from the younger guys at the stop lights. The heated seats are wonderful (bottom and backrest). 

Black Sapphire Metallic paint; steptronic transmission with sport and manual mode; 18" tires and wheels; great handling; comfortable seats; front and rear park distance control; voice activated phone and navigation; Logic 7 sound system. And the feeling you are in a safe and well-engineered car.

Leather interior. Sleek looks. Good visibility out all windows. I especially like the 6 speed steptronic and use it all the time. Wife opts for normal automatic tranny mode.



iDrive, Heads Up display, articulated sport seats, nav, engine, just about everything.

Handling and luxury ride.

Ride and handling. Front seat comfort. Fuel economy is excellent at 27 mpg average. 

Handling, build quality, seats, space, iDrive (no, I do not have any issues with it - I like the way it gets rid of all those buttons that clutter the car dashboard!!), fuel economy.

Versatility of wagon. Mileage good. Driving position.

blue tooth, back up assist, nav., color black saf. The smooth ride, the performance, the whole look of the car.

Driving it.

I can drive the muscle car I never had in high school in the perfect family sedan package.

Power, power, power. German engineering. The car FEELS unbelievable. The iDrive is actually quite nice, and the traffic information has saved me time already (only had the car a couple of weeks)! Was considering the premium sound, but you don't need it. The standard audio system is fantastic.

Too many to list: keyfob, widescreen nav diplay, POWER & handling, smooth trans, ergonomic diplays, sound system, huge trunck space, sports package, zenon, power seats with low and mid lumbar, comfortable neck rest, solid and hight quality construction, and horse POWER. Oh, I already mentioned that!

Overall ride is smooth, satellite radio is nice, sound system is great, comfort access is nice.

The smooth and powerful engine. Although rated at only 255 hp, it feels and accelerates better than other brands comparable engines. Smooth shifting 6-speed manual transmission. Exterior styling is nice - I personally think it is the best looking car BMW produces. 

Nav, Bluetooth.

I just can't stop looking at it. It took me a few minutes to figure it out, but the iDrive thing does pretty much everything but make you coffee. Comfortable interior, navigation and the car goes!

Premium stereo is mind-blowing and the navigation with real-time traffic is outstanding and a huge time saver. The iDrive system took me about 15 minutes to figure out - absolutely worth it. Seats are terrific. Fuel economy is excellent even at very high speeds. Free maintenance (even wipers!).



Do not buy one without premium sound system and new 20-way sport seat. MP3 package is worth the $$'s too. A manual transmission makes my ride fun. 

The gas pedal and brakes of course!

Handling, great ride over bumps, heated steering wheel, bluetooth, sport mode on the automatic, HD radio, very quiet at high speeds

Heated steering wheel on those cold winter mornings. Integrated bluetooth.

Bold looks, powerful engine and excellent handling!!

The iDrive is not difficult to operate if you own either a Blackberry or Palm Treo - they operate under the same general principle. The navigation system is a must! Nav system also allows for voice recognition. Definitely opt for the split fold down rear seats to compliment the already huge trunk!

Gas pedal.

The iDrive is easy once you get the hang of it - slight lag time. Navigation is great. The sports package sets the car off with the 18" rims and lower profile run flat tires. Braking is excellent and you just feel safe in this car with its cage construction. The car just looks sporty and classy. 

Design, performance, comfort, included maintenance.

Manual transmission, torquey engine, very confortable interior, great handling, great ride. You cannot go wrong with this car.

Performance and handling.

Navigation, Bluetooth, iDrive, body style, interior look, tight ride and solid feel.



Bluetooth, headup display, quietness of ride and superb handling. 

Love the way it handles and looks.

Roomy back seat. Large trunk. Great performance. Child locks. Very safe.

Handling, and interior comfort. I love the look and the fit and finish are excellent.

Fuel efficient for sedan of this type with 255 hp that tops out at 150mph. Comfort seats, sport pkg with steerable xenons. MP3. No more dip-stick to check. Bluetooth is great! MPG is 30 highway at 70mph and 24mpg in/around mileage (not city).

Premimum stereo and sound system, automatic windshield wipers, heated seats, Xenon headlights.

Navigation, Bluetooth, seats, build quality, quietness.

Comfort seats, HK radio, bluetooth connection for phone. MP3 cd player.

Navigation system and bluetooth. The iDrive is easy to use, as I learned most features without reading the manual.

IDrive is complicated at first, but easy to learn. I love the bluetooth capability for the phone and the how solid the car feels when your driving it. The interior may not be as "welcoming" as other vehicles, but I think BMW did a great job combining functionality with appearance

Electronics

Bluetooth, navigation, iDrive.



Comfort seats, upgraded radio system, love the auburn interior (VERY rich with sapphire black).

Performance, outstanding breaks, SIRIUS radio, road handling, fuel economy, multiple seat settings for great comfort.

Exterior styling and plush/functional interior.

BMW handling and the power of the 4.8L V-8. No doubt the 360 Horsepower and torque (3,400 rpms) standout over the competition. This car is only slightly less powerful than the prior version of the M5. There are many standard features, e.g. bi-Xenon, Dakota leather, etc. so options desired are few.

LCD & NAV display, MP3 capabilities using both CD and NAV DVD drives, parking distance sensors, but most of all the comfort and ride.

Engine, quickness, comfort.

The seat wrap around feature that adjusts automatically when you get in the car. Great stereo. Flawless handling.

The car's handling, styling, the ride and the performance.

Interior seating with sports package.

I like the sports drive mode feature and the convenience package allowing you to open the car and start it without inserting the key is great. The Bluetooth communications system works very well.

Drive quality, iDrive, contour seats. 

Sport package wheels, premium sound, comfort seats, Bluetooth phone system, monster engine, aggressive looks.

Great performance, great look and feel, driving feel is excellent

Drive feel. Handling. Comfort. Navigation system. Bluetooth for phone.

4.8 liter engine, 360hp, can run with the big dogs. Transparent traction/stability control system, iDrive, navigation system, Logic7 sound system, sports seats.

TOO many to fit in this small area. You have to drive it to believe it! My son, nieces and nephews think the way to turn the car on (Keyless) is so cool. I also love the SOS button. It makes me feel a little safer. 

Bluetooth actually downloads your address book from your cell phone and voice activation still recognises standard names such as home, mom etc, without set-up.

Premium Sound, Satelite Radio, Driving Dynamics, Comfort.

Ride, power and handling 

additional hp, exterior appearance and lines, monaco blue color, bridgestone run-flats, silky smooth performance of 6cyl, new 3 spoke sport steering wheel

Park distance control (this is a big car, and the front end is hard to place), comfort seats, big sun roof, iDrive. 

The comfort of the interior seats and ability to adjust the interior seats in so many ways - and the pickup of the engine - both at low end and top end

All maintenance is free for the first 4 yrs/50,000 miles. My wife loves this as all oil changes, brake pads, wiper blades, transmission oil change, etc is done at the dealership at no cost. IDrive is great!! We love all the features. Automatic wipers, lights, and seat settings. Great Leather!

Comfort seats, nav, nice blend of quiet, comfortable ride and road feel. 

Bluetooth, BMW Assist, iDrive, Free service for 4 years. The whole car just oozes quality.

Handling and power and interior. 20-way seats are great as is the Bluetooth. The ambient lighting at night is nice. The premium sound system is worth every penny. Rain-sensing wipers work well. Heated seats and heated steering wheel are toasty on cold morings.

Free scheduled service, loaner cars, Bluetooth and the X drive technology, plus the power rear hatch along with the split rear access door. The gears are perfectly spaced as well. The self levelling rear suspension is a plus. SOLID handling car that will make MBZ think twice. 

