Highway Gas mileage and rear DVD entertainment system is great. Use the 7 passenger seating all the time. 

drivers seat adjustment,"power seat. comfort & visibility for driver.

interior design allows for lots of cubbies to store items

Lots of room. Driver seat can be raised or lowered. Fold down 3rd row seat.

The way the driver seems to sit up higher than normal to better see the road.

Luxury gizmos, comfortable seats, quiet, roomy, flexible interior. 100,000-mile warranty instills confidence and helps resale. OnStar navigation with integrated car phone is great feature. 

Driver and passenger comfort. Good road manners. Power train warranty. value vs imports.

Size, carry capacity, styling, warranty.

OnStar navigation. Heated leather seats. Comfortable seating position. Rear parking sensor

We had a Buick in 2002 and were much happier with that vehicle, quality has gone down. 

Removable center seats

The roominess of the car and the cargo space.

Cargo room, compliments on the off white exterior,headroom, rear seat ease of folding.

Ride and handling

Quiet ride. Mileage. Stainless exhaust. Galvanized metal.

Roomy back seats, nice body shape, good compartments for storage. Lots of head room

Smooth, quiet and comfortable ride with good low end pep. The vehicle seems to be well made with good fit and finish and a nice interior. Four year 50,000 mile bumper to bumper warranty. Sunroof. Value for the money spent.

Buick's quiet tuning, excellent fit and finish, smooth ride, headroom and overall roominess, 2nd row folding, sliding and reclining seat, center console storage system, turn by turn navigation, $4,000 rebate, best warranty in the business-100,000 mile powertrain, 4yr/50,000 mi Buick bumper to bumper

Love the leather seats, back bumper sensors. Radio controls, outside running lights.

3rd row option on CX, ample space, center storage areas/options, comfortable, sunroof, $4,000 rebate, an easy move from a mini van (an upgrade in some ways). Better gas mileage then most SUVs. 

Smooth ride, quiet tuning. 3rd row folding seat. Rear parking assist, side airbags, and OnStar with turn-by-turn directions and hands-free calling

Great seats and wheel. Smooth ride.

Creature comforts inside

 No " Third Seat" required. Elevated driving positions. Very comfortable cloth seating. Good Highway gas mileage. Very good radio with clear dials. Warning sensors for backing up should be mandatory in all cars. Quiet driving system.

Good forward visibility and nice driver seat.

Any "positive" about this vehicle was negated by the complete lack of safety for my children. I cannot believe that Buick/GM would take this risk and it is inconceivable why this feature would only be in the Rendezvous!

Park assist, headsup feature, air pump in rear cargo area.

Power memory seats. heated seats. large heated side mirrors and it tilts down for parking when backing up. Warning sensors for backing up. Smooth quiet ride.

Seating for 7 and the enormous amount of storage

Definitely liked the side impact airbags and the rear captain seats. Those two items are what sold us on the Rendezvous.



The level of comfort is unsurpassed. It is the midsize SUV with the most cargo capacity. It also has a very comfortable 3rd row. I love the auto lights with daytime running, the wood on steering wheel, the color. It is a heavy car with a refined 6cyl that does 26 mpg.

The leather w/suede powered driver w/memory and passenger seats are nice because my wife uses one setting and I use the other to move the seat. We like the heated seats, the sunroof, 6 CD changer, large heated outside mirrors that tilt down when backing up, and the warning sensors on the rear bumper

All 

Great ride. Good gas mileage. Heads up display. XM radio. Back up warning. Heated seats, DVD player, 2nd row captain chairs. 7 passenger capacity. Unique color. My wife likes the purse cavity.

OnStar. Big driver's outside mirrors. Good pick-up when you need it. Easy to get the driver's seat in a comfortable position.



Interior space and 3rd row seat. Love the OnStar equipped vehicle.



