Endless Power, MPG on long trips, 7 seats, integrated booster seat, Easy fold away third row, Design, and Subtle interior.

V8

Style, Athletic, reliable, roomy, SAFE. Great ride.



The girls and I love the sunroof. The radio is nice, better sound quality than my van. And I love the seat position memory. Pressing one button to get it back the way I like it after my husband drives. It is a lot better than moving the seat and mirrors manually.

AWD, park assist, airbags everywhere.

3rd row (kids and small women). Sensible controls, comfort, child booster seat.

Fold down third row, AWD, and traction control. The power. Shoulder room. Exterior styling. Storage

Rear windows retract completely into the door so the dogs can have heads out and not get hit by glass edge going over bumps. The 235/65-17 tires are a good choice for fuel economy and tire replacement costs.

Even after five years, it is still the best looking SUV on the road. Interior materials hold up very well even with two kids in carseats.

Comfortable highway cruiser. Feeling of safety.

V8 engine. Premium sound system. All seats comfortable including the 3rd row. Excellent visability and solid road handling.

looks, understated luxury, seats, quietness, the rear curve

Looks, simplicity, safety and security, stability control in wet weather, ride, quietness, comfort and overall Euro-ride experience.

Controls for climate, sound, etc are laid out well, and once you know them, can be operated by touch without looking for them every time (many new cars don't have that any more). Under seat heating ducts for the back pass. Do not use these yet, but the kid-booster and third row are nice features

When we are not finding problems with our XC90, we do enjoy driving it. The 3.2 liter engine is underpowered, or at least our is (the demo I drove with the same engine we much quicker- go figure).

Independent third row seats and the integrated child booster seat. This is a family car.

Excellent handling, responsiveness, road feel. Pleasant audio system. MP3 jack nice touch. Most comfortable front seats I've ever sat in.

The V8, the 19" Vulcanis rims, the so-cool active Bi-Xenons, the immensely comfortable seating, the blue instrumentation, the deafening sound system with complimentary Sirius, and the overall fit and finish.

Fold down seats and six cupholders. Stereo with built in iPod connection is awesome!

Smooth power, quiet ride, family oriented space, great entertainment system. 

Everything!

Nice exterior design. Interior seating/cargo versatility. Pop-up grocery barrier in the cargo area. Heated seats.



(1) Technology/Design (Scandinavian simple approach!) (2) Power of new Yamaha based V8 (more power, more reliability!) (3) Style (This year they got rid of the black rubbery molding and added body colour and chrome - thank you!) (4) Highly efficient capacity (Friends, Family, Critters, Cargo)

Safety features, styling.

Nice looking SUV.

Love the look and the comfortable drive. First vehicle for me with dual climate control and love it - no more arguing with spouse over interior temperature! 

Everything is great and super high end.

Steering wheel, bluetooth option, black sapphire metallic paint, 19" wheels, Bi-Xenon headlights.

Beautiful, comfortable interior, built in booster, decent pickup on parkways for a 3.2 V6, safety, safety, safety.

Smooth and powerful V-8. Unique blue instrumentation. The Black Sapphire paint with 19" wheels and Pirellis looks tough. Intuitive controls. Good standard stereo system. Safety. . well after all it is a Volvo.

Ease of use of consoles, standard stereo with Ipod adapter and the standard orthopedic seating

Seats are comfortable for long term trips.

Seats are comfortable. Dealer has been gracious.

Cup holders

Seats are comfortable

Roll stability control, B-pillar air and heat controls, 85.1 cubic feet of cargo area.

Active Bixenon headlamps, V8, sports suspension, super comfortable seats, integrated child booster, dual screen dvd

Luxury car feel. Engine/transmission.

Sirius built-in, mp3 jack, 3rd row seat, heated seats, safety features galore

Safety features, comfort, sound system, seat configuration options, lots of cargo room, great ride and decent fuel economy for its size/weight.

Too numerous to mention. Towing service was great.

Comfortable seats, Satellite radio, fuel economy (ave 21 mpg), safety features (second to NONE), fun to drive, third row, integrated booster seats, wheels 

Seats, stereo, smooth engine, brakes, interior design

6 speed transmission with the V8 makes a nice performance combination.

Navigation

I love the large trunk (I only have two rows) and it is very comfortable.

The interior is so beautiful, as is the exterior. The car is classic and even though I had no intention of buying an SUV, I fell in love with it when I drove it. I had always thought it was the best looking SUV on the road. 



The Xenon headlights that turn with the steering and the comfortable seating.



Sedan-like performance. Comfortable seats. Great ride quality. Just the right size.

Driving comfort, smooth and responsive driveline, fit and finish.

Smooth transmission, decent acceleration, great ergonomics and comfortable interior

Safety, plenty of room, great convenience features (park assistance, homelink) and handles very nicely.



Leather seats, extra large trunk space (for a mid-size SUV). 

Bi xenon headlights, AWD w/ instant traction, navi, supportive seats, great sound system w/ optional dolby pro logic II

The stares I get from women thinking I have a large income. That's really the best thing about it, is the name.

