sleek look. nice colors and trim. i like the big rear doors even though they have been criticized. 

Bluetooth, Navigation, two-toned heated leather seating, 3 zone climate control, overall looks! Bose audio

Acceleration, even fully loaded with our 4-bike 2" hitch rack; passenger and cargo space. Exterior design is still look-drawing now that Mazda released their new 6 (that resembles both CX-7 & 9)

Very roomy, huge backseat!

Very comfortable for the Driver.

It is a fun quiet ride which allows me to hear only my music (satellite radio/CDs). I can adjust the headlights/rear view mirrors to suit me. The rear view camera is a must for parking. The DVD player can be used for CDs with wireless headphones so that I don't have to listen to my teenager's music.

Heated seats, sporty feel of interior and handling.



Great audio system, blue tooth is a must, touch screen navigation. 20" wheels, awesome attention to detail interior/exterior. Great for long road trips

The only good thing about the interior is the 3rd row of seats which someone can actually sit in. Also the fact that all the seats fold down for storage. 

What I like about the vehicle the most is its cool factor. It is very practical yet stylishly cool. 20 inch rims, Xenon head lights, 6 speed automatic that you can shift manually if you prefer, all aluminum variable valve timing V6, remote start. Be one of the first to step up and get it!

Power and handling.



* Fun to drive * Thoughtful little features - attention to detail * Quality, fit & finish * Navigation system * Select-shift transmission & its smoothness. * Engine sound.

Sporty appearance...ease of getting into the third row seats.

Look, Turning ratio, Seating comfort, Hauling space w/3rd row folded, Manual gear shifting kick, Bose sound quality, Silent and smooth rides, Take corners with authority, Road ?grip? feeling, Telescopic column direction, Handy cup holders everywhere and (Watch out!) she accelerates without noticing.

My favorite feature of this vehicle is the iPod connection. My kids and I have all of our favorite music on our iPod's. The Navigation would be my second favorite feature. It even includes points of reference for each destination. We noticed on a road trip the hotel we reserved was already programmed.

Roomy.

The wheels and rims, the bluetooth, the backup mirror, the 7 seats

Handling, power, heated seats, Bose stereo, cargo room, controls, great- looking interior and exterior. Virtually everything looks, feels, fits, & works like it should, which is to say, often better than expected.

Engine/transmission, flexible rear seating and ease of entry and exit to the third row. Powerlift gate is a nice feature. Handling is easily the high point of this vehicle. 

The heated, leather seats and the copper red paint color.

Tons of legroom, Cargo capicity. Good power. Handling feels like a two seater sports car. Very comfortable.

Bluetooth, Navigation, heated seats, keyless entry, 20 inch wheels, access to third row, bright xenon headlights that are adjustable, backup camera is a must!

Heated seats, stereo (Bose upgrade), performance and handling.

The sliding middle seats and easy access to third row seats; smart key system; overall performance and handling of a full size CUV.

Stereo is loud and clear (bose), cockpit has quality materials and leather, dash lighting on the GT is terrific.

Full side curtain airbags, dashboard display, shiftable automatic transmission, dual exhaust, rear seat functionality and space.

Leg room (length), sliding back seats, navi and Sirius, auto open rear hatch. Tight, athletic driving, "sittin' on 20s", mp3 feed. Regular gas! (saves $4-5 per fill up) FWD: AWD not necessary in south. Adjustable back seat.

I like that it came with the dvd player and bose system that entertains my kids and the entire family :) I was able to test the safety of this car (turn negative things to positive). I was hit bad on the front passenger side and my kids didn't feel a thing! I am so happy with my Mazda CX-9!

Nav system, bluetooth, stereo, back up camera, mp3 hook up, and the drive.

Handling, styling and interior room.

Turning radius is fantastic for a vehicle of this size. Interior space, i.e., front shoulder/leg room, head room, rear leg room, etc. Nothing special about the balance. At this level, most competitors have similar feature/equipment.

Audio system built in navigation and the room.

Navigation, back up camera, contemporary outside design, Bose speakers, bluetooth, third row seat. 

Overall styling and the blue tooth integration are my favs.

Bose sound with lots of tappy toe. Steering wheel controls, bluetooth, MP3 connection, two tone leather seats and DVD to keep the kids quiet for miles and miles.

Rear view camera is superb and should be required on all SUV/vans. Very roomy and comfortable in all seating positions, even third row for smaller adults or kids. Front door bottle pockets and deep cupholders! First nav system we've had, and although we like it, programming is a bit cumbersome.

Best designed crossover, very comfortable, and my son loves the roomy third row seating. 

The ease of getting in and out of the vehicle and moving of the seats. Also, the steering wheel controls are a very good feature. Comfort in the interior is excellent.

Silky smooth auto transmission with a manual override, responsive handling, eye catching good looks, bluetooth cell phone connection and tons of flexable cargo space.

Convenient dash board and all the amenities you need in an SUV or car! Bluetooth phone system is reliable and easy to use, stereo and entertainment system is top shelf supported by a Bose system.

Roominess, handling and power are supreme!

Bose sound, silky smooth transmission, interior road noise (none), power and price.

Bose stereo is wonderful, dual air is helpful, the third row access is easy and it folds down quickly for more trunk space. I love my power lift gate and nav system too. Surprisingly I love the liquid platinum color, it wasn't my first choice but in the sun it has a tint of blue.

Cruise control and stereo controls on steering wheel; aux jack for mp3 player; dual climate controls (my wife is always cold); easy access 3rd seat.

Bluetooth phone connectivity. Sharp Interior (easy to use controls). Power seats. Smart key. Large cargo area. Third row.

Exterior design, 3rd row leg room, cargo space behind 2nd and 3rd rows.

Silky smooth auto transmission with a fun to use manual override, awesome handling, great looks, iPod jack, dash lighting, cargo space/length.

Seats, cabin, Ilumination at night, Bose audio system, keyless entry system.

Exterior styling, Bose stereo, kids love the Bose DVD, the bluetooth and the easy third row access.

Keyless ignition, Rear entertainment, Bose 5.1 11 speaker surround, dash and gauge lighting very easy on the eyes at night.

The Bose stereo is awesome. The seating is extremely comfortable. They hug you like a sports car seat. I love the 20-inch wheels for the handling. The 18s weren't even an option in my opinion. Smart card keyless entry is a phenomenal feature. The turning radius is also unbelievably small.

Key, AC system, look and feel. Big, without feeling like a big car. We had a BMX X3, and the ride is almost as fun, yet with a newborn and a 2 year old, there is no need for so much driving excitement.

Did I say I loved the bluetooth feature! :)

Bose sound system, nav, easy controls, rear view camera, power open and close hatch, takes regular unleaded, styling inside and out!

Stereo is PHENOMENAL. Nav is pretty easy to use. Handling is good. Third row is actually VERY useful - and there is room behind it! All the necessary safety features are there. Very sharp interior on GT. Smart to put black floor carpet with the sand interior - less concern about dirt.

Ride quality, comfortable leather seats and excellent driving position, clean ergonomic control layout and gauges, quiet on highway. 

Sleek design, Bose stereo, nice tires and rims (GT), small on outside and big on the inside feeling, Bluetooth phone, nicely done interior, power liftgate, backup camera, Xenon headlights, iPod jack, 7 passenger seating, great performance, engine quiet. Cool key functionality. Build quality.

Good horsepower. Excellent towing ability. Lots of room for kids. Ride comfort more than adequate. DVD entertainment system has provided lots of silence from rear seats (kids love it!!). Chose this over full size truck due to ease of getting in and out for the kids.

Great looks, instruments are intuitive and easy to use, the stereo ROCKS, it has great get-up-and-go. Third row is easy to fold down and stow.

Interior and exterior styling. Handling and braking. Sounds system. Nice quiet smooth ride. I even like the exhaust sound under full throttle.

Bose sound system, advanced keyless system, the stylish interior of all front and back row seats, and exterior styling. 

Keyless system and auto wipers. Backup camera is handy for parallel parking too.

Keyless ignition (option). Easy and spacious access to the third row. The interior dash and gauges are beautiful light up at night. And the fact that this car looks better the the Acura!!!

AWD, shape & design, 20 inch tires, ride, third row back seat very easy access. 

Bose sound, interior, and the smoothness of the ride. 

Bose, Bluetooth, AWD, easy access to 3rd row.

Great handling and cruising capability. Bluetooth.

All around performance, comfort, including third row seating, blue tooth.

Spacious third row, no leg cramping!

I love the body style and drive performance. Even though I am a mom hauling kids around, I feel like I am driving a sports car. The brakes are so smooth. My kids love the car too.

Wife -- Bluetooth cellular connection. Me -- handling / pickup from start. 

The iPod hook up, style and smooth ride.

Interior/exterior styling and power!

Comfortable seating, great Bose sound system, very attractive looking vehicle. It's definitely a head-turner because it doesn't look like every other SUV/crossover on the market. The dark Stormy Blue exterior with the grey interior is a great color combo.

Zoom-Zoom driving, sport tuned suspension, dual exhaust sporty sound and 263 HP V6.

Bose sound system, raising and lowering seats is easy.

20" wheels, largest wheelbase, AWD, aluminum engine, traction control, Bluetooth, rain sensing wiper nlades, auto lights, smart key, manual/auto transmission.

Moonroof, Bluetooth wireless, and 20in wheels.

Interior fit and finish, bluetooth, rear camera, power tailgate, Bose stereo, driving position, handling and Xenon headlights are great. AWD tracks like it's on rails in the rain. The real 3rd seat that folds flat with one hand. It's a great value loaded with goodies I might have missed otherwise.

Moon roof and 6 disc cd changer. Third row seats fold down and the little extra storage in the back floor.

Love the audio/navigation system. Good sound from all sources (CD, MP3, radio, satellite). The rearview camera is nice, but does not take the place of mirrors. Handsfree bluetooth is awesome. Heated seats were nice last week in the cold. The keyless entry/start system is cool.

Styling. Bose stereo system. Navigation system. Backup camera. 2nd & 3rd row seat leg room. Sporty steering & the get up & go power. Love the interior lighting scheme. Power moonroof. Very little to dislike.

The ride,18 inch std. back a/c, everything, the material of the seats spill free, they look like leather.

Fun to drive, great handling. Rear DVD is great also like the setup of the rear climate control. Seats are easy to move in the 2nd & 3rd row, 3 driver memory settings very nice. Back up camera, very cool! Manual shift mode.

I just love the Bluetooth hands-free talking, xenon lights, BIG 20" rims, interior color, Voice Activated Navigation system, and all the little details: wood trim, blue interior lights, Automatic volume control on the stereo so when you speed up the car adjusts the volume and Advanced Keyless Entry!

I love the Navi, Sirius Radio, led taillights, HID lights. instrument panel. Credit card style key. I like the fact that instead of pushing a button to start the car the Mazda has the ignition in the same place I have been starting my cars for over 25 years. 

Ipod connection, 20 inch rims, interior styling.

Back-up camera display! Should be mandated in all suv's. Bluetooth tech is impressive. Nice Bose system.

Access to third row (adults have no problems fitting in). Luxurious interior finishes (in the GT level). Rear view camera. 



AWD is flawless, smooth six speed transmission, nimble handling for a 4500lb vehicle, Bluetooth, Bose stereo, cool wheels, comfortable seating for 6, accurate cruise control, strong brakes.

Entertainment package is great. Smooth ride and a little power to boot.

Blue/Red Gauges, Hands free navi/phone, touch screen audio/navi controls, interior/exterior design awesome. Amazing ride and fun to drive feel you get in the CX-9. 

Versatility, design, performance, quality. Also, I feel this is a very nice looking design for what I would consider another CUV "station wagon on steroids".

I love the instrument panel and lighting scheme in the dash. I also really like the navigation system. This car has so many unique "features" without the big price tag.

