Hard Top Conv

Fun to drive, acceleration, handling

convertible and that works fine, no problems with the mechanics.

Hard top convertible of course and sun roof is a great feature for the extra light allowed. 

Responsive engine, great stereo, handling

The power top and cornering lights.

Fun to drive, great stereo, performance is awesomw, and got 32 mpg.

Retractable hard top. Fit and finish. My "new" Eos is a blast to drive and has plenty of power with its over 4000 lbs. of weight. It seems like I'm getting about 30 MPG. The heated seats have come in handy even in Florida, I did not think I would need them, you do, its my favorite at this point.

DSG tranny, super radio, torque, color (Thunder Blue/Cornsilk leather interior).

Best feature is the trunk space with then top down and the iPod capability through the CD player 

The hard top and the use of a moonroof when the top is up or when it rains in Phoenix, which is maybe, mmmmmm, two days a year.

I like how the instrument panel is not complicated. The stereo is incredible. The seats are comfortable and elegant. The engine is powerful and smooth. There is no vibration or wind noise. 

Hard top Convertable,Design,Smooth Quiet Ride,Energetic fuel saving 4 cylinder Turbo Engine 

Two outstanding features: 1. the steering whel mounted controls for the radio. 2. Good head room. Being 6'6" this was a absolute neccesity that is seldom found on small sporty touring cars.

The integrated power sunroof.

The ability to got topless or with the sunroof. The display in front of you. I like how the window rolls down a bit before you open the doow. I also like the Thunder Blue color.

This car has the perfect size and configuration of controls in front for easy reach while driving. The auto stick is fun and great for mountain roads! It has plenty of trunk space for two rolling travel cases or a golf bag. The roof has to be the best feature and folks stop and wathch the show when activated, it's quick too! 

The sunroof, aanual transmission, Audi-like feel, and beautiful navigation and dash layout.

I love the way the top retracts and just wish I had the remote key so I could lower the top from afar.

I have a black EOS with beige leather, it looks great. I like the dashboard information center. It is easy to read and program. The steering wheel buttons to control the dash info. as well as stereo system are very convenient and easy to use.

The hardtop convertible. The ability to carry four adults. The saftey features (pop-up roll bars). The dual controls for the a/c and heated seats. The sound system and all the little touches like snaps to hold your seat belts in place etc, etc. The TOTAL package is just outstanding. I really do like this car!

The CSC roof and easy to close trunk lid.

This car is really fun to drive, the hard top always attracts a crowd.

I like the beautiful and comfortable leather seats, fully automatic convertible hardtop that can also become a sunroof, and steering wheel controls.

The paddle shifting, eye catching design, and the ability to configure it in different ways to make it look like a "guy" car without tasteless modifications or with different color/wheel options, making it more suitable for any demographic. I love getting 30+ MPG in a FAST car.

My favorite feature is the attention to detail that VW put into this car. It has excellent craftmanship on the interior and great lines on the exterior. The Pontiac Solstice in comparison is one of poorest cars in terms of craftmanship. 

Obviously the retractable hard top, stereo system, the interior lights on dash board

sunroof-conv-top

Driving with top down on warm nights. Interior lights. Putting 8 big bags of groceries in the trunk and still have room for the top down.

The speed, handling and sun roof.

Top of course, auto volume control, auto wipers, heated seats, and fun to drive factor. 

Engineering features of the top, windscreens, and spacious lugage compartment. Great handling and more than adequate acceleration. Styling that rivals the best luxury cars. VW dependability and service. Well designed letherette interior. 

My favorite feature has to be that folding top. It goes in the trunk in just 25 seconds. 

Driving at night is so much fun! The blue and red interior lights really set it off at night. Very safe car for my 5 year old. They don't make many, so not everyone will be driving one. 9 speaker CD with iPod and 6 disc changer rocks!! The transmission controls on the steering wheel is great!

Moonroof makes it feel _far_ roomier with the top up than any other convertible I've tried. The diffuser screen works very well if I lower the seat almost all the way; no turbulence at all. Power retractable mirrors. Seat fore-and-aft switch on seat shoulder.

Panoramic sunroof, sirius satellite radio, cool violet dash lights, adjustable center console elbow rest, power drivers seat, great fuel economy, and way-too-cool styling.

The top of course, that's why I bought it.

Easy conv top, how it looks. Fun to drive, safety.

Sunroof, easy to use convertible transition, speed.

Overall look interior and exterior. Everything is crisp, lean, and well put together. The luxury of supposed higher class cars. The hard top! Ambient lighting. The handling is very nice. All around just a super fun ride. Almost everything about it is my favorite!

The driving pleasure is great. The handling/ride balance is amazing. It feels much more expensive then it is. The seats are very comfortable. The trunk is useful. The backseat is usable for adults. The controls are perfect. The engine and transmission are spot on.

Definitely the retracting hard top, which is usable with a push of a button, but amazing to watch. Also, the interior fit and finish looked a lot more like a Mercedes than a VW. 

1) Super fast 2) huge sunroof 3) comfortable seats 4) awesome lit dashboard at night 5) the "tiny" trunk fits a ton of stuff - trips to Costco are easy!

Rain sensing wipers, and of course the wonderful folding top.

Everything! Top up, top down, sunroof, automatic wipers, fun fun fun!!!

Powerful and efficient engine, DSG transmission, quality paint and interior materials, very effective windblocker. Most of all, owning a car that does something that makes people say "wow".

I love putting the top down. My kids call it my "transformer" like the movie. It is fun to drive and I don't get blown all over like I did in the mustang. The wind screen in the back works like a champ.

Hard top convertible, acceleration, mileage, fun to drive. Prepare to feel young again!

I can't say enough about the interior and fabulous seats either. The seats are completely adjustable. If you're on the more petite side, just lift the seat up... yes, it actually raises to the level you need. Not to mention the thousands of ways you can adjust the tilt, lumbar support, etc.



The hard top convertible, driving with the top down!! 

The top of course and the automatic wipers. Style - don't buy this car unless you want attention.

Build quality. We wanted the nauga seats with the wheel upgrade. Love 'em. Test drove the Sport package and didn't notice a difference in ride. Couldn't get the nauga seats without avoiding the sport/prem package. Base radio is awesome. Truly a sweet little car my wife has fallen in love with. 

Shiftable automatic transmission. Handling.

Of course, the convertible hardtop!

The roof, the turbo.

Choice of sunroof ortop down is my favorite as well as the comfort of the interior leather. And the VW handle to open the trunk is another fun add on. The seat in the back looks small, but it is comfortable for my passenger.

The top, of course.

The convertible top, of course! It's quite luxurious and fast. The Dynaudio sound system is very loud and clean especially when the top is down.

Are you kidding? The hardtop convertible!

The top, the turbo, the transmission, all the features and the way the interior looks at night (like a cockpit)

Nav, Xenon headlights, iPod integration, the roof of course, the sunroof is huge, driving it as a coupe feels solid, the interior is classy, the DSG transmission in manual mode is something else, I could go on forever!

The design!

The top.

The top, of course. It's a hard top, has a working sunroof, or can be a convertible. What more could you ask for? And with the top up, it's quieter than my Passat was. It has plenty of power for zipping around town and still gets decent gas mileage.

The flexibility of coupe and convertible, the interior comfortability, ergonomics, details and options I selected. The sporty yet comfortable driving characteristics presented with the DSG transmission. 

Front seat room, sporty and peppy even with automatic transmission, tiptronic auto trans is super! Love that German engineering.

Love 98% of this car!

Nice comfortable interior styling, having a sunroof really does enhance a convertible.

Sunroof! DSG Transmission. 2.0T Engine power and fuel economy. Interior styling.

The top, of course is the coolest. Also the direct ipod plug-in in the console. Crazy things, the seat has a button up top to move it back and forwards, automatically. Cooled glove box. Sports shifter. Can program it to tell you mpg, or how many miles til empty. Also has optional alarm for speeding

The top - what else? 

The sound system, sunroof/convertible, acceleration, braking and great looks!

The manual transmission is great and adds to the driving experience though it is hard to find at dealers. The convertible top is great and the sunroof is large. It has tons of pep and decent gas mileage.

The roof, of course.

The interior space, interior dashboard colors, convertible operation, and exceptional handling.. It is very quiet as a coupe and its pickup is great.

The convertible hardtop with retractable panoramic moonroof. This car is quiet and smooth with lots of spunk, yet good fuel economy.

The 2.0L Turbo FSI engine, DSG automatic transmission, Dynaudio stereo, iPod integration, Webesto 5 piece roof, panoramic sunroof, Climatronic "smart" AC/Heat, ESP stabilization, sport mode, wind blocker, seat warmers, 12 way adj. seats, and parking distance control.

The defrosting side mirrors, cockpit comfort and looks, and the roof of course.

Diving with the roof down on a sunny day.

The automatic climate control is wonderful. It knows when you have the top down and it compensates for the change in cabin temperature. Also, my iPod can play through the stereo and displays on the navigation screen. No more iPod tuner! 

the automatic hardtop, heated seats, acceleration and handling, and color (blue).

The retractable hardtop, sunroof, turbo transmission, good gas mileage, comfortable seats, and premium sound system.

the folding mechanism and how it has plenty of rear room.

I like how it has little wind and a quiet cabin with the top down, the good engine/transmission response, and the comfortable sports seats.

The sunroof and automatic top (of course). The hard-top look (nice in the winter and very quiet inside as opposed to the soft-top Cabrio).

The sport seats have excellent holding power and almost infinite adjustability.

The fact that it is a coupe when the top is up, the sunroof and full convertible top versatility, the navigation system is easy to use with a very clear map, the comfortable seats, how the rear wind blocker also serves to cover the rear seats allowing you to hide articles placed on the back seat, if you run out of trunk space. The standard radio is excellent.

The near top, transmission, suspension, ride, engine, interior, seats, style, navigation system, auto lights, instruments, sunroof, owner's manual DVD, and good head lights.

The looks, top motion, handling, and power.

The interior design and exterior are amazing. Also, the automatic gear changing is super fast.

How fast the top goes down and the sound system is great!

The heated seats, turbo, how the roof folds into the trunk, how it holds four passengers comfortably, the stunning blue color, and great gas mileage.

Of course the retractable roof! I also love the heated seats, the stereo, the sunroof, and the dashboard display. OK, I can't pick a favorite! I love them all.

The hard top convertible, sport transmission, and super heated seats.

The handling, turbo boost, good gas mileage, the undeniable and pervasive feeling of quality and tasteful design, the auto transmission, and that top! The seats, climate control system, and the lighting are great, too.

The DSG transmission, hardtop convertible, and sunroof feature.

The great pickup and easy to use top.

The retractable hard top with moonroof. Get the package option, you can't go wrong with all the automatic/luxury features like auto wiper, tire pressure monitor, and etc. The Eos gets nice mileage for a fast car. I used to only get less than 20 mpg. This is one car I can be thrilled with the mileage on.

The DSG transmission, auto hard top, leatherette seats, radio with 6 numbers displayed, and wide sunroof.

There are lots of nice suprises, like 1-touch operation for all four windows, sliding armrest, cool LED tailights that look clear but glow red, easy entry to the back seats, and the awesome interior with nothing that looks cheap at all. The seats are very comfortable and the sunroof is huge. this car has great visibility.

The radio upgrade sounds awesome. This car handles very well. And of course the roof is sweet.

The retractable top, quick acceleration, and seat heaters.



Getting on the freeway and punching it! It is very cozy inside. I am looking forward to a top down Colorado winter. I love the crowd that gathers when the top goes up or down.

This car is loaded except for the navigation system. I like how the dislay dash lights up. It is a great car

