Reliability. Space behind seats. (was able to fit the 12" sub and box from my car there without modifying it!) And great gas mileage for a half ton truck (avg 19-21 mpg)

Extra storage behind the seat and the tailgate assist. And it has a big FORD emblem.

5 speed transmission, Outside and Inside is HOT lookin, Handles great, Fun to drive, Overall best truck ever made!

Satellite radio, four doors, leather, enough room for us and both our labrador retrievers. 

Ford Tough, Good ride, able to do any job, good looks, great radio, heat&A/c, really like the tail gate ease of use. Even my wife can shut the tailgate.



Comfortable ride. It's nice to look at.

Paint, interior is sexy. smooth riding. comfortable. Spacious.

The interior is awesome! I love the heated leather seats, the auto dimming mirrors and the stereo system. It sounds nice for a factory unit and cranks the tunes out at a decent volume level. I installed a set of wheel to wheel step bars for a customized look that allows easy access to the bed.

Ride, torque, fuel economy

Ease of entry, great interior set up, reliable.

Interior room, backup sensors, dual zone AC

Big, huge, deep bed

Plenty of room

Comfortable to ride in, sharp body style, lightweight tailgate that is easy to put up and down, deeper bed that makes the truck look bigger. 

Interior is user friendly. The vehicle inside and out has a unique sexiness about it. 

Clean exterior lines, well laid out interior, headroom, enormous arm-rest glove box, power sliding rear window. I also like the dash and pistol-grip shifter. 

Solid feel. Even small things like closing doors feels well constructed.

Leather interior, Harley emblems and accessories



Seating capacity is great. Actually, there's enough room for me to live in it. 4WD works easily.

Beautiful truck, awesome wheels, handles nicely. The supercharged engine, power. Ford built a winner

Power, did I mention horsepower, and the looks. The truck is doing 100MPH sitting in the driveway.

Cab room, smooth ride and quiet interior. Looks very good, great cargo room in truck bed. Heated mirrors

Interior & exterior design; comfortable seats; Sirius satellite radio; engine sound (w/ K&N intake); nice alloy wheels with Michelins; powerful headlights; the stares and compliments that it brings everywhere I go!

Big, comfy seats; huge interior space (stored skis, boots, groceries and Xmas shopping in cab, before having to use the truck bed). Exterior and interior style; audio; ride nice and high off the ground; excellent all- around visibility from inside cab. Recessed storage space on dash is very handy.

The Sirius radio coupled with the CD changer is great. The heated, leather seats are very nice as is the climate control and auto dimming mirrors. The gauge cluster is really nice also. It is remarkably smooth riding and quiet.

The best thing is the fuel economy I get from all the rental vehicles provided during repairs.

The whole truck inside and outside look the grille and front body kit. 



Quiet ride, powerful, commanding view of the road.

The seats, the FX4 logo, heated seats, the look, how high I am off the ground, back up sensors, electric rear window, memory seating, signal in side mirror

The seats, the FX4 logo, heated seats, the look, how high I am off the ground, back up sensors, electric rear window, memory seating, signal in side mirror

Industrial-grade design and build, FX2 design pkg, powerful V8, super-quiet interior, roomy inside, too. Handling and acceleration- still amazing that this is a truck. Super-size center arm-rest glove box is very handy. Outside door handles- yes, door handles- they feel sturdy and smooth.

Everything with exception to the above mentioned. The ride, handling and overall feel and look of the truck is great. Especially the stereo since it was the only thing I listened to on my test drive

Design, big 20" tires, 150" wheelbase, and it's very comfortable. Also very quiet when it idles, and is still quiet when you hit the gas; although, you hear the roar of the torque kick in. My leather CPT chairs make me feel like I'm riding in a Lincoln Town Car.

Audiophile, 35.7 fuel tank, interior appointment, entertainment options. Handles excellent in the high back country. Styling, reliability.

Seat massage at idle

Seats are comfortable

Very quiet! Good power, handles awesome on and off-road. Interior and exterior design are the best.

It's very quiet, and tracks on the highway like a laser. You get great feedback through the steering wheel when driving through snow or on dirt roads.

Satellite radio, large moonroof, great interior, ease of use, great truck

The quietness of the cab and the smoothness of the ride, even while braking. The engine performs as smoothly as the ride. The leather interior, a great sound system, heated seat and mirrors and all the other amenities are just icing on the cake. 

The solid ride.



The seats, the quiet ride, the handling (it turns tight!)

The chairs are super comfortable. The extra rear seats are great.

Great body style and interior design. 

6.5 ft bed, nail the throttle and smile as the beast hits 5500 rpms and has no struggle passing, siirus radio, crew cab, 20" wheels sharp looking. MPG not bad for such a big truck, it's a truck.

The interior is great and the body style is second to none. I could not believe how quiet it is inside. I have driven them all, Ford far surpasses the competition in this area. So far the 3 Fords I have had have remained quiet. Even the one with 167000 miles on it, not a squeak from the dash. 

Good ride quality. Carpetless floor. Easy clean up! Solid truck!

Interior comfort, smooth ride

Seats are outstanding. Really do like the fold out doors. Everything else is perfect as most all Fords are. 

All around great package deal inside and outside. 

The leather, moonroof, power rear window, and the stereo

Towing/hauling ability, interior capacity, comfort, looks, price and incentives, and overall drivability.

Very comfortable and reliable with plenty of pep.



I love the heated seats (for my bad back), adjustable pedals and power folding rear view mirrors. The chrome stick shift is growing on me as well. 

Look, comfort, engine power, interior very spacious. 

Sirius radio, improved stability, interior design, improved easiness of tailgate function, skidplates, suspension, crew cab room, sound system

Exterior styling, handling, ride, turning radius.

The exterior body work is remarkable. Even with the new trucks emerging, it still manages to look new and refreshed

The drive and handling is exceptional and the interior comfort is even better. In addition to good looks and a comfortable drive, the interior road noise is virtually non-existent.

The 2007 is less motor noised. Sirius radio is great. The great seats. The steering wheel controls. Backup sensors. The Lariat chrome pkg.

Comfortable cab. Redundant controls on steering wheel. Moonroof and power slide rear window. Very comfortable and can haul more than I need.

Looks, toughness, hauling capacity, comfort on long distance trips, and Sirius radio is nice.

Interior room, visibility. Easy manual transmission access.

View of road, smooth ride, 4x4 on fly, good value for the price. Great handling for the size of truck you are driving.

The size of the single cab is by far much better than any others at this time, and the power is great.

The body style, space, and comfort.

Ride, lack of noise, quiet and smooth on highway, exterior and interior design, acceptable handling and steering, large box, high sided box keeps contents in, best frame and structure in class, car reviewers complain of high weight-it has the best frame and structure, that's why

Everything is very cool. Get asked all the time if it is a custom truck or came this way.

The interior design, reason I picked over FX4, the front just disgusts me how sweet it looks in all black.

The ergonomics of the cab are well done as all controls are convenient and intuitive. The 4x4 shift on the fly is a great feature. The stereo is pleasurable due to the quiet ride of the vehicle. The 8 foot bed makes this more of a useful truck than the numerous passenger trucks on the road.

LOOKS, suspension, comfort,4x4 capabilities, power, and most important price.

Good size truck for the money, nice appearance, roomy cab.

Outside looks, two tone paint. The superior ride, comfortable seats.

Interior comfort, power fold-in side mirrors, backup sensors. All beat out the competitors and are nice to have in such a large vehicle.

Pros -- overall interior design is a 10 - Ride is excellent except somewhat stiff and herky jerky in rear on bumps - Steering wheel controls - Tailgate actuators - 20" wheels - Power fold mirror - Satellite radio - Backup sensors, front needed - Upgrade the key and fob like Volkswagen. 

The towing, room,and comfort.

Radio, moonroof.

