The front grill is very stylish and gives the front end such an aggressive appearance. The craftsmanship of the interior is flawless, and the audio is uplifting. 

Good sound system. Good handling.

The 2 trip computers - I use one for current fill-up and other as a cumulative average and watch how road conditions affect the gas mileage.The auto folding mirrors are great for car washes. Self leveling lights, auto wipers and lights work superbly. Bluetooth phone setup on (Blackberry) was easy.

The build quality, the interior of course, nothing beats Audi with this. I love the automatic top and the feel I have while driving, I feel like a royal person. :)

Performance, design, interior. Audio system. 

Handling is great!! Love the stereo, satellite radio - mileage better than Lexus IS.



Other than the styling, I love the AWD. The Quattro drivetrain makes getting around in the snow very easy. 

Interior quality and the AWD system are second to none. 



Interior quality, exterior built quality, acceleration, transmission.

Quattro (in corners it feels like a rear wheel drive-power definitely comes from the rear), design and quality.

Tight gear shift; superior interior design; very good safety specifications; great mpg.

Steerable bi-xenon headlights, interior LED ambiance lighting, coming home/leaving home feature.

Interior design and quality (other than the armrest, which gets in the way of the hand brake and cup rests). The fabulous turning radius surprised me -it's better than my BMW 5, and has come in very handy for city parking (u-turns are common to get decent parking).

Quattro. Heated seats. Six-speed. Turbo.The hangy-things in the trunk to hang grocery bags. 



My heated seats. Car automatically locks when you start it and the beautiful dashboard highlighted in red.

Turbo really helps with gas mileage

Great handling, smooth, easy to drive, comfortable, good on gas, great craftsmanship.

The overall layout of the interior (particularly the console area) and the sleek exterior design. The technology is also user friendly and unintimidating.

Body design, turning headlights, cabin fit and finish, gas mileage, satellite radio, bluetooth, steering wheel stitching, s-line package.

Seat comfort, AWD and IPOD connection in glove box ($250 install).

NONE

Bose audio system with Sirius, the 3D GPS Navigation is a must-have, quattro handling is unmatched in the rain or even dry pavement. Safety safety safety. I feel totally confident driving this car anywhere. Seats are so comfy, and I'm not what you'd consider to be a well-padded individual.

It's unbeatable AWD that Audi pioneered. The rest just follow. Audi never follows.

Transmission

Handling/cornering. Driving is fun. Steering feel is amazing. Great turning radius.

Ride...crisp and clean. Sport supension!! Interior and exterior styling. The integrated Bluetooth is a nice feature. 

It has to be the 2.0T AWD linked to the smooth 6 speed. I love this drive train.

Quattro, stereo, performance, convertable top operation

Fully rectractable top, no hands required ;) and bi-xenon headlights, interior! Shows how much work has been spent on it, LOVE it!



Fuel economy; quality interior; base stereo is fine; unmatched fit and finish; full sized spare and wheel-in case you run up on a curb and scratch one like I did; Audi dealers treat you with difference. 

AWD is mandatory for me in the snowbelt. MPG in a car not purchased to be economical. Style, handling. Not boring.

Exhaust note is primal. Top operation is clean and hides neatly. Fairly good trunk space. Rear seat tight, but better than Saab and BMW. Kids will manage. 6 speed auto is flawless. Some turbo lag, but quattro helps keep wheels from spinning. Fairly quiet with top up. Great all-weather fun car.

Road handling, sound system and sport-setting on the transmission. 

I find out something new on this vehicle everyday. Carlighter in the trunk, door hinges that are cast not stamped. Turbo that really pushes the fuel economy up and gives a super boost of power from 50 mph to 135 within a few seconds on the highway. Too scared to redline it to see how fast it goes!

Gripping cup holders. Night cabin lighting. Auto 'sport' mode. Solid feel of the car. Steering wheel feel.

Everything!

I love the tiptronic transmission and the sport feature to provide more torque and power.

Almost 600 miles to the tank if you baby it on the hwy, excellent all weather handling, MP3 audio system has great overall sound and very good bass response, 6 heating levels for heated seats, full size spare with matching rim, huge trunk with folding seats, small medical kit standard.

Ride, handling, design and style.

The wind deflector, the Bose audio system, heated seats, digital climate control, and of course the fact that it is a convertible. AND THE SOUND OF THE ENGINE! Transmission is very smooth, but can be sporty as well.

Redesigned new interior and exterior. Very fuel efficient. CVT impressed me, too. Interior is larger than previous.

Handling (suspension). Build quality. Ergonomics. Refinement.

All wheel drive inspires confidence. I used to sweat bullets when the rain started to fall but not anymore. The fuel economy is great for a turbo-charged vehicle. The fit and finish are incredible. I have yet to see another that looks so well made inside and out at such a great value

Fit and finish are beautiful. Easy driving performance vehicle.

The best interior in its class, even if I can still see a resemblance to my 98's. Quattro - if you live in the snowbelt you can do amazing things. I have gone up hills not realizing how bad they were until I passed SUVs off that couldn't get any further up.

Gear box!

Quattro. German. High quality. State of the art engine. Stylish. Does not need to be "hooked-up", it is already.

Bluetooth, SD card MP3 player, 4 wheel drive. 

Interior/exterior design elements; comfortable seating; sound system; smooth ride.



Excellent engine, tight handling, paddle shifters, S-line styling, navigation, sirius satelite radio, mp3, 6 CD changer, front & back seat heated seats, 4 memory seat adjustments, folding side mirrors are all very much appreciated.

Joyful drive and having 10 speakers were very attractive to me. 

AWD and interior.

Driver's seat/cockpit feel. Handling. Stereo. Acceleration and cruise. Convertible top. Manumatic shifting. 2007 body style tweaks. Dual climate control. 

New look in the front. The standard radio now has a 6-disc changer with MP3 capability. No need to worry about iPod integration. It has a nice feature to browse the music folders and you can see all the titles and album information.

MP3 stereo, sport shifting, dual climate control, heated seats, clever hanger in the trunk for shopping bags. 

Great in tight maneuvers - great fit and finish - awesome styling. Drives like a manual which makes it seem sportier to me.

That beautiful 6-banger engine! Also, a great sound system (standard equip.), German handling, and exterior styling that never fails to draw compliments from friends and strangers alike.

The all-wheel drive system is terrific in bad weather. The front seats are extremely comfortable and supportive.

6 speed manual trans. Who needs CVT or Tiptronic? 25-30 Actual MPG! Very good stock suspension settings. Factory stereo sounds very good! All the buttons inside are nice to touch.

"S" mode, overall performance, walnut wood Trim, 17" wheels/rims, red lighting on all displays and 18.5 gallon gas tank!

AWD is awesome. Nothing else.

Comfortable seats and driving position, good engine power for a 4 cylinder, good number of easy modifications on the market (chip, suspension) good stock stereo, good sized trunk, great highway cruiser, great looking elegant style inside and out, good gas mileage, good value for the money. 

I love the interior. It's really first rate. The brakes are tops. 

The sweet, sweet engine is my favorite feature. It makes the most beautiful sounds, especially with the top down. The paddle shifters are fun when doing spirited driving. The car tracks with accuracy. Sport suspension is an inexpensive option that's worth it.

Simply Quattro!

Performance, luxurious interior, safety ratings and value compared to similar classed wagons.

I personally liked the engine/transmission performance. Very quick and nimble for a 4 cylinder. I felt like I was driving a road racer.

Steering, confidence at high speeds, consistency in every button/switch/dial, turn signals (don't lock- just tap for a lane change!), slick manual, perfect seat positioning, getting 25 MPG after spirited driving, trunk depth.

Interior quality, sound system is quality, the backlite on everything at nite is cool, one-touch sunroof knob, MP3 hook-up.

Superior handling, acceleration, very good sound system.

Stereo, inside style, fat tires, interior lighting.

Build quality, looks, stereo, handling, gas mileage.

Performance, looks, quality, interior.

Driver's seat and access to console, large trunk, comfort and great handling, and AWD.

My favorite features are as follows: 1. The ?sport? feature on the transmissions. 2. The red interior lighting on the dash and center console. 3. It?s a babe magnet.

Quattro.

The Nav and comfort features are exceptional. Basically, insert the key and everything is automatic. I didn't think this would be so impressive until I got an A4 sedan as a loaner during normal 5000 mile service. Same engine and drive but a different driving experience. Bluetooth is also great.

The engine, the quattro - feel glued to the road, the mid & upper end torque, ambient interior lighting, fit and finish overall, the interior - with the few exceptions noted.

Interior design and the materials they used. Absolutely class leading! Confident stance and the look of the car especially from the rear quarter angle.

Engine and Quattro

Stereo system is excellent, one of the best I have heard in a while.

Handling, gas mileage, power for a 4cyl and the interior.

The handling and control in poor weather.

I like the sportstronic trans in my baby, also like the awesome gas mileage.

Steering wheel, color, handling, engine power (200 hp feels like a lot!), smooth clutch, safety features, large cargo space (for this size car), beautiful interior full size spare, Quattro AWD system.

I love the red with black leather very sporty. Bluetooth was not on my list but I have found it to be awesome. Seat heaters have already been tested and work perfectly. I have the base stereo and think it is outstanding. Front seats have tons of travel and accommodate my 6'5" son comfortably. 

Quattro, 2.0 fsi turbo engine, handling, comfort, fit and finish.

6-speed manual, handling, sport suspension, xenon headlights, layout of the cockpit.

Build quality, performance, fuel economy, style.

