Power and sound system.

Sport Package, Sat Radio, Free Revving Fun to Drive.

looks, handling

Sunroof, engine, dashboard layout, fit & finish, M Styling, handling, performance, quietness.

Love the handling of the vehicle. Can corner unlike any other SUV.

Panoramic moon roof, heated steering wheel, cargo rails and hooks in the back, double deck center console. Of course the $0 maintenance can't be beat. 

Handling, ride, stereo, comfort, adaptive xenon headlights, premium package, panoramic sunroof

Great looking, awesome highway driving.

Build quality. Nevada leather covered sport seats are fantastic. Engine... typical BMW greatness. 

Given that it is a sport activity vehicle it is fun to drive, I also like the premium sound system and would recommend it as an option as well as the xenon active headlights, the active steering option and the upgraded leather seats, I travel a lot and this option was very worth while.

Panoramic moon roof, dashboard layout,enjoying driving my vehicle again, awesome bumper to bumper warranty

solid after 40mph

It is a comfortable cabin, nice looking and easy to maneuver in rush hour traffic. Road noise is super quiet.

Speed, acceleration, and handling make this an awesome SUV choice. The sound system is awesome, and having controls on wheel is convenient to use. 

Interior, handling, safety, decent mileage, service at dealership. Fun, fun, fun to drive. 

The engine! This thing wants to be revved and driven. Handling is great. AWD is better in Vermont winters than a 2003 Land Cruiser and 2006 Honda Ridgeline, both sold. Performs great in all weather conditions. Passes cars on highway like they are standing still, like a four cylinder liter bike.

Exterior looks and design.

Interior, steptronics, and steering.

The looks, the highway ride, the engineering, the attention to quality, the vista moonroof, the heated steering wheel, the monaco blue color.

Like the body style, ride is excellent, particularly on the highway. Fuel economy is surprisingly good.

6-speed manual transmission, xenon headlights, AWD, steering and handling, good cargo space with seats folded down. The parktronic features is a wise addition, allows for tight back in parking.

Handling on the road. Cargo area is good size.

Styling, acceleration when used in "manual" mode is great, Heated steering wheel, panoramic roof, leatherette near bullet proof.

Comfortable to drive. Love the extended sunroof! Nice having the internal compass and altimeter.

Moon roof, handling, bluetooth, and mileage.

Great handling. AWD grabs the road. Unusually comfortable seating. Ride may seem a little stiff to some, but it's part of the road hugging style of the vehicle. Vehicle is very nicely fitted out. 

Style, performance, warranty, BMW cachet, MPG, sport package, Xenon adaptive headlamps, sequential transmission, nav, huge sunroof, ultra fat steering wheel.

I love the memory-adjustable sport seats. The most comfortable and supportive car seats I've ever felt. The computer function, which lets one cycle through: (a) avg. MPH; (b) avg. MPG; (c) outside temp.; (d) time; and (e) cruising range remaining, is quite helpful.

Servo-tronic steering is a must option, upgraded leather seats and the radio. But the most favorite feature is the way this vehicle drives, if you love to drive you will love the X3.

Stylish and interior/exterior design flawless.

Running daylights, sunroof, exterior, leatherette, and warranty.

6 Speed manual transmission. Engine (great torque and gas mileage). Interior (10+). Handling (wow, handles like a 3 series).

The engine and transmission perform very well together. The sport suspension is just right, not to stiff. It is a sports car wrapped in an SUV skin.

Moonroof.

I absolutely LOVE the moon roof. I can't say I've seen a car that has one like it. There's so much light in the car which is great if you like cruising with the windows down.

Handling, quickness, size! BMW SOS automatically calls for help in event of airbag deployment or serious accident.



Sport package, looks, 19" Y spoke rims, warranty, BMW cachet, adaptive headlights, and looks inside and out.

Fast heating seats, drives like a BMW.

Power seats, AC system, handling, good interior space for the size, the car has very good power for merging and passing, good visibility, easy entry and exit from all seats.



Huge sunroof, power, handling, 6speed auto with manual option is loads of fun. Loads of leg room, comfortable seats, Love the auto up/down windows. 

Too many to name. I'm still discovering new features and loving every bit.

Sliding down an icy North Cascades highway convinced me skid control is paramount consideration. U.S. safety standards are based on crash tests. By then it's too late! BMW's all-wheel drive with automatic traction and stability control makes it one of the safest cars on the road.

Drives nicely at highway speed.

Adaptable headlights

Engine, performance, BMW drive feel.

The feel of it driving - I really feel the road without sacrificing comfort. It's like driving a sportscar that has room for my family & my stuff (I'm a Realtor & have lots of stuff). I also like the hands free phone interface - but it has yet to correctly import the contacts from my Treo 700W.

Handling, acceleration, fun to drive, reasonable mpg, awesome brakes, hands free Bluetooth phone, NAV/sound system, solid build quality, the extra large sun roof, adaptive headlights, park distance control, 4 years free service - and absolutely check out the "Comfort Seats" option for long trips! 

Silky transmission, panoramic sunroof, automatic headlights and and cockpit lights. great driving dynamics. City mileage, nice sized trunk.

Huge sunroof, handles very well, seats are very comfortable, interior is well designed.

Sun roof and interior design.

X-Drive AWD and automatic transmission.

Seats that heat FAST. Large sun/moon roof is fantastic. Bluetooth works flawlessly. Park-distance-control is a real joy. There are a lot of little extras you can program into the computer (like having the blinker only blink 3 times when changing lanes).

The stereo system is awesome. The panoramic moonroof will be awesome in spring and summer! I highly recommend the Xeon headlights, you won't be disappointed. One truly feel safe with the overall stability.

Size, sunroof, sport steering wheel.

The leather steering wheel. The full color body. The door light in the instruments panel. The 6th manual gear.

Everything. Looks, interior, ride and performance. The standard panarama roof is particularly nice. Our boys like the heated rear seats.

Sport drive function really picks up the engine performance. Nice leg room in the rear seats. 

By far the panoramic moonroof. A close second would be the heated steering wheel with a great grip.Xenon adaptive headlights are also a MUST

Feel, comfort, handling, utility, styling, huge sunroof, tilting outside mirror when backing, heated steering wheel, sound system, safety features, roominess, ease of using cruise control, high residual to keep lease payments low, driving experience.

Very responsive engine and steering; beautiful design outside and inside; power-folding outside mirrors.

Bluetooth, heated seats, panaromic sun roof, power. 

Comfort, performance and utility. Heated steering wheel is unique and practical when the thermometer dips, it heats almost instantly. Great panoramic moon roof! Folding down the rear seats is a snap. Just the right size.

Navigation, cold weather package, premium sound system.

Satellite radio, bluetooth, comfort seats and panoramic sunroof!

Power response, front end view, classy interior, panoramic moon roof, full lift tailgate, storage space.

Smooth, powerful engine. Great transmission. Beautiful interior. Voice recognition hands free communication. Fun to drive factor. I can go on and on.

Bluetooth phone integration - it is so cool to drive and talk without the phone in your hand. And my kids just love the rear heated seats!

Power and six shift automation.

Handling and visibility are the favorite features plus it has no iDrive.



The car looks amazing, is the perfect size and has so much power. It corners really well and is so much fun to drive. I love the bluetooth, the radio, the sunroof and the wheels.

The new 3.0 engine! Smooth manual 6 speed!

Bluetooth hands free for cellphone comes in crystal clear. Large sunroof. Sirius satelite radio. Wonderful seats with an array of auto adjustments.

BMW Assist feature is now 4 years rather than 1 year. Compass in mirror and universal transmitter are included in premium package.

