roominess, Sirius/sound system handling and quite Depreciation has leveled. 

Really smooth ride and very roomy inside.

1. Rear parking sensor 2. Power rear window 3. The lighter weight tonneau cover 4. The radio that shows the name of the artist and song (RDS) 5. The extra HORSEPOWER!!!

Comfortable ride. Awesome stock sound system. 22+ MPG with cruise set and tonneau cover on. 

I love the power remote rear window. I drive with it open most of the time, it provides some cooling with little wind noise. I also appreciate the exterior styling of the vehicle. A guy parks his Honda Ridgeline next to me at work but my buddies say the Ford looks much more aggressive. 

Interior and comfort.

Love the power of the V8. I think the gas mileage is good if you drive it right.

PosiTrac for rear wheels. Exterior looks rugged and contemporary.

Versatility, great engine, quiet ride, good-handling, great stereo, good lucks and the bed/top is awesome.

Great Looks, esp with the limited chrome package. Auxillary jack for Ipod, in bed storage, payload capacity, many tie downs in bed, power rear window. Improved interior door handles in this model are nice and they should add them to the rear doors. Improved warranty for drivetrain.

Power, lots of it. At 21 mpg highway, probably 16 in city, it's slightly better on highway than I thought it would be. Stereo is good, although there was no MP3/Aux jack to plug into, as I had understood there was. The storage compartments in the box are OK, but a little hard to get at.

V-8, rear sliding window, steering wheel radio controls, 4x4 system

Compact size with big engine makes a highly manuverable and practical truck. If youre a weekender and dont have a need for a big bulky truck to haul around lawn mowing equipment in this truck is for you.

Engine is good, comfort is good. ride is good.

Everything, great truck, love the new interior with the gear shift in floor. Ride is much better than my 2002. Looks so much better that the older models.

Quality

Looks like an F-150 from the rear, Ford Explorer from the front bumbper to the b-pillar and then its own design. Very comfortable. I used the 6 foot bed "with the tail gate down," and tie down straps the next day. The turining radius is like a sports car. The cabin has the quiest ride I have had.

Sliding rear window, comfort, handling

My favorite feature is by far the moonroof. The chrome package also puts a nice accent on the outside of the vehicle. I think the '07 looks way better than my old '05 model. The 18" wheels are also a nice improvement. I get better gas mileage as well avg. 19 cty and 23 hwy. 



The hard cover on the rear box is great and very secure. The four wheel independent suspension is amazing on all road surfaces. Seating front and back is excellent. Steering radius is very good for city driving. 

Sliding rear window, traction control

I like the storage bins in the bed. Also having a tonneau cover is great. I can lock it and not worry about someone getting to everything. I also like the ride. Very comfortable for those long trips. 

Love the rear power window. Remote start. Heated windshield, bed extendor, washable floor. 

Great visibility, smooth quiet ride. A lot of room and storage compartments to keep all you goodies stored so things don't roll around. Great sound system. Love the adjustable lumbar support in the driver's seat. Exterior style is eye catching, definitely stands out in the crowd.



Overhead cabin airbag system. Sirius audio system with rear subwoofer. Heated front windshield, and improved cargo storage capacity.

Power rear window. Seating position.

Sirius, tonneau cover, bed extender

6 way electric seat. Back up alarm. Road handling. Audio and A/C controls in steering wheel. Nice sound system. Sirius radio. 17.8 MPG in the city

Everything about the vehicle is my favorite

Look and feel, interior layout



I like the storage bins in the payload area, and auxillary input great for the ipod, and the stlye (it is a cool looking truck)

V8 power, compact dimensions (compared to full size trucks/SUV's). The bed is highly configurable and can be arranged to fit almost any need with the hard tonneau cover and bed extender. The compartments in the bed are handy too. The cab is very quiet on the road and the 6CD stereo is very nice.

Exposed cargo bed, independent suspension, vinyl flooring a plus for wet boots.

I really like this truck! Audiophile sound system, autodimming rearview mirror, moonroof, steering wheel controls, tonneau cover, love the styling!

My favorite feature is the powered sunroof and having the dash controls in the steering wheel. I also like the hard tonneau cover and adding storage bins in the bed is a plus too. 

Very smooth ride, interior is very roomy and comfortable. I love the rubber floor instead of the carpeting. Flat folding rear seats are a big plus. 3 compartments in the bed come in real handy sometimes. 

Vastly better ride--V-8 smoother- more power- better mileage than V-6 with 4.10 axle- new audiophile better-seats more comfortable.

Sliding window, soft leather seats, hard cover, adjustable pedal, 6 disc-CD player with Sirius, the stow away compartments in bed of truck, huge windows, the electronics package is a MUST have for all married couples (duel A/C zones), the on board computer is cool when it runs a full diagnostic on the car.

MP3 playback is nice. Moonroof and hard tonneau cover are great, although keying the cover to the ignition key would be a great touch.

Suspension, safety features, utility, COMFORT.

The power, lumbar heated seats.

Interior features such as steering wheel controls for climate and radio. Dual climate control and audio system are well thought out. Power point and storage compartments in bed are nice to have.

Sporty look, smooth ride, comfortable interior, fold-flat rear seats, good visibility.

All the interior room it has to offer. The exterior is very sporty with a tailgate to rival the Nascar trucks. The handling & ride is better than anything offered in a SUV or pick-up. This is one classy truck (SUV). 

The comfort of the interior and the power of the 4.9/3V engine.

I definitely like the increased cargo space, and the unlimited visibility.

Transmission. Comfort. Utility. Interior (except the door grab handle).

The ride and style is great. Good visibility and comfortable on long hauls.

Driving comfort, roominess, trip meters and OAT, remote entry and overall looks. Running boards.

V8 is smooth, powerful. Decent fuel economy if you drive easy. Audiophile sound system is nice, along with steering wheel controls. Great ride. Lockable tailgate/tonneau. Nice shifter.

Rear powered window, V8 engine, Double Din radio, and in bed storage compartments.

Large interior.

The looks.

Color, drives really nice and quiet.

I was very impressed with the quiet interior; even at highway speeds you can easily converse at normal tone levels. I particularly like the height and comfort of the seats. Even after driving 500 miles straight I did not feel tired. For a small truck the towing capacity is also impressive.

Smooth V8 with good HP, sound system, how the radio volume drops when stopping, comfortable driving position, moon roof.

Lots of storage, side airbags, a special wheel setting for wet roads which makes me feel safer. It's so classy looking I get complements every where I go in it.

V8, Center console shifter.

The floor shift, new body style, 17" wheels.

Four door convenience, tonneau cover, moonroof, storage areas.

Extremely quiet interior. Great ride and handling. 

Independent suspension, 4 wheel disk brakes, 6 speed transmission (I think/hope), V8, sound system.

Looks, ride, power.

Love the new look inside and out.

A lot of engineering went into this vehicle. They corrected all the defects that were in the old Sport Trac and added so many new features it's hard to say which ones are my favorite.

Rear seats fold down giving a large, fairly flat, platform. The tailgate closes with a little solid "snick" noise instead of the usual truck reverberating metal clang.

Great deal of room in the back for passengers. Good towing capacity for the size of vehicle.

Audiophile sound system w/ Sirius. Moonroof.

The high-end sound system.

