exterior appearance, comfort, sound system

Seats fit me like a glove but softer. XM radio with great features, Onstar has saved me twice after locking my keys in the car. Thanks Guys!!! 

Smooth shifting automatic transmission,heated leather seats,excellent acceleration and power.

looks, handling, comfort

Large screen on navigation system. Shiftable 5-speed automatic. Heated front seats.



Awesome optional BOSE + XM radio Nimble handling Overall performance

My favorite features is the onstar service and also XM radio i love it I can't live without it.

Body. Even while driving in this car, my head turns everytime I see another CTS on the road. She (Thunder Gray) is very responsive, and nimble...but not as nimble as the bimmer.

The exterior design, but the front grille could have been nicer

Memory functions, easy NAV system.

Love the handling around turns and corners. XM Radio and 6 disc CD changer is nice.

Great acceleration, excllent stereo system, exterior styling

Road handling, OnStar, XM radio, Bose speakers. Nice touch including note pad and Cadillac pen in owner's manual.

Nice touches inside, nice radio/sound system. Nice road handling too.

the bossy exterior and ready to drive look.

American heritage, 2-tone leather

Styling, performance, handling and all of the electronics.

XM radio is awesome. OnStar is great. 

Bose stereo system with XM, tight turning circle plus all the little details like heated seats, lumbar, auto dimming mirror and right side mirror that moves down in reverse.

Chrome mesh grille, chrome dual exhaust, 18" Bridgestone Potenzas

Like the new Sunset Blue. Beautifully accentuates the car and like the moonroof. Trunk size is big for a small car.

The look is great!

The new Sunset Blue color for 2007 really highlights the stunning exterior styling of the CTS. I absolutely LOVE the 2-tone light gray/ebony leather interior. XM Radio is fantastic. And...it's a Cadillac.



The peppy 2.8 engine and very positive handling make it a joy to drive.

I enjoy the reliability of OnStar and XM radio is really excellent for my tastes. 

The Bose audio and DVD navigation are great, but a bit complicated until you get used to setting them up, not while driving. All the controls are very intuitive and the fit and finish are first rate. If you buy a loaded one, you won't be sorry.

The 6-speed manual transmission, Bose stereo (has some kick), sunroof, nagivation system, 18" wheels, and seats that hug the body.

The radio, easy to access controls, and outstanding handling and stability. This is a great vehicle for long distance drives. Most importantly, it's affordable.

The Bose stereo, interior layout, and seats.

This car is very comfortable, It has an excellent design in both the exterior and interior. the stereo has good sound quality. I like how ithis car is so spacious.

The interior offers much luxury and comfort.

XM satellite radio, the blue chip color, dual control air conditioning, great handling and ride quality, OnStar, and daytime running lights.

Independent suspension coupled with solid road control ( I have 18" wheels) and memory package for seats and mirrors. Plus XM Radio and OnStar with hands free phone and monthly car diagnostic email reporting. 

The 7 speaker stereo system, controls on the steering wheel for the radio, temperature, phone, and so many safety and comfort features make this car appeal to any buyer.

XM radio



