

Love the space in the car.The sound system is perfect, I love having the music cranked up. AC worked great in the southern Florida heat.The heat worked well in the cold Indiana weather. I love the overall look of the car. Safe, reliable, never had any problems with it, overall a good buy for the $

looks beautiful and its fun at first until it starts making a bunch of noises. Such as wind noises because of the poor quality of the seals in the glass.

love the sun roof

Sound System, Perfect stock wheels, Great interior and exterior looks, comfortable seats, intelligently layed out interior design, flat folding rear cargo area, 4 Wheel ABS for safety, and 7 airbags for safety. Oh, and the HANDLING!!!



I like that it came with all the options in the price. Nice stereo/CD, moon roof, all electric, cruise, etc

iPOD connectivity, interior styling is different than anything else on the market. Capable 2.4L I4. Tons of cargo room with the rear seats down.

sporty look, moonroof/sunroof, radio controls on steering wheel, performance

I like how the car comes standard with so many features, yet there are a lot of upgrades and other things that you can do to the car, even from TRD if you wanted to go down that road. I also still love the interior and exterior style. It has a lot of motor and design, and "bang for the buck" over all.

The sunroof is cool. I love the smooth driving and how the radio is set up.

The space, CD player features, and comfort for road trips!

I like the sporty looks, handling, wheels, 5-speed manual transmission and iPod compatibility (although the implementation is not as good as it could be).

The exterior style, power, stiff suspension, and reclining rear seat.

There is a really nice shine in the bodywork, it's still nice after six months. The short-shifter add-on that I chose isn't bad. It has a nice enough interior (the main thing that makes you forget the car's price). The MP3 stereo is nice - but pretty much standard in all similar cars now anyway. It has very nice standard 17" wheels and tires.



The moonroof, spacious cabin, and steering wheel controls.



It has a four-cylinder engine that has enough torque to pull you off the line nicely. The short throw shifter is great for quick shifts. It has excellent braking and cornering. The auto-up and auto-down windows on both sides is an amazing feature.

It is such a fun car to drive The interior is super comfy and I love the Pioneer system factory that I had installed. You've gotta' love the sunroof and the auto up and down windows.



The acceleration is great. This car has more horsepower and torque than the Honda Civic. The standard 17 inch rims are really nice too. The ride is really smooth and the tires keep traction very well in the rain. Plus, the ladies are really diggin' my new ride. It is an excellent car all around.

The moonroof and spacious interior. This is a super sexy car!

It looks like a much more expensive car inside and out. The baby has his own personal sunroof! I love the $17,700 price tag. Dealers are almost afraid of Scion, they will not deviate from their set pricing!

I love everything about it. I got the pedestal spoiler, fog lights, and Scion security. iPod capability its a must, As are the rear tail light enhancements. I was going for the sporty look. I love my sunroof best thing about the car. The hatchback is a new thing for me but, I love it.

The double sunroof, radio shelf (thing that folds down), reclining back seats, iPod hookup, tire pressure monitor, and the tire jack, tools, and first aid kit in the truck!

The panorama sunroof, stock stereo system, great acceleration, sleek design, and that the chicks love it!

It has a compliant and confident ride. I like the MT feel. It has a beautiful exterior and interior design. Hopefully it has the bulletproof Toyota reliability as well. The manual transmission makes it fun to drive.

The panoramic sunroof, overall interior, and exterior styling. 

The good performance tires. nice size rims. and large sunroof.

The exterior styling, the Yoko rubber and the overall feel as you step on it and blast away from the traffic

The radio with an MP3 player, style, the fact that it is a Toyota, and how it it holds its value.

The Flint Mica paint - I LOVE this color - it sparkles like crazy in the sun! The two moonroofs and the iPod stero are great (Honda did not have a smooth iPod integration option). The car has a good solid feel to it, which was a concern of mine coming from a VW to a Japanese brand. 

The high quality feel, sporty handling/feel on the road, and the thrill it gives you when you get on the gas - it does have some nice get up and go to it. I like the great gas mileage / fuel economy. The panoramic moonroof (LOVE that) is great. I love the look of the headlights - they look like it means business. I also like the iPod hookup.

No doubt...the stereo - excellent iPod control, Bazooka 10" sub and screaming tweeters. iPod storage is nicely hidden away and easy to connect. What's not to love?

I love the overall look of the car. It's very sleak. Both the interior and exterior designs are top notch. It's really a nice car. I think a lot of the reviewers here just got their car brand new so they are really excited and just rate every aspect with 10.0.

Being pragmatic, I LOVE the hatchback! Also, the dual power down and up windows (why can't any other manufacturers in this price range get this one!?), made in Japan quality (nearly three years and not one problem), NO daytime running lights, and the roof system to name a few.

The radio/CD player, 5-speed manual transmission, and suspension.

I like how this car is iPod ready, has a glass roof (does not open like a sunroof, but the front and back ceiling opens), the reclining back seat, and how the enitre back seat folds down.

The double sunroof, keyless entry, alloy wheel with 17' tires, and the most important feature is how roomy it is compared to the Honda Civic Coupe. Its head lights are gorgeous.

I bought the black cherry pearl tC. I love the color! But my favorite is all the standard equipment. The moonroof and sound system are the most important.

The glass roof.

The nicely controlled and taut handling without the accompanying punishing ride. This car has strong acceleration and decent fuel economy. I like its clean and tasteful, if fairly derivative styling. It has great fit/finish and materials throughout. I had a spectacular buying experience at Scion dealer. Minimal insurance premium impact.

The price, standard features, and looks.

My favorite feature(s) would be the ability to upgrade with relative ease because of the open engine compartment underneath the hood. 



I love how it's fully loaded, the looks inside and out, how everything is together for the driver especially how the shifter is right there for easy shifting, the panaramic roof (although it makes the car heavy) with the two roofs, the supercharger option without voiding warranty, and all the aftermarket stuff available!

I love the sunroom and the wind blocking feature.

The panoramic sunroof and the Pioneer sound system.

The most increadible features are that amazing short throw shifter and the neon lights in the cup holders and floor boards.

The panaramic moonroof and reclining rear seats.

The sunroof is the nicest out there.

Everything! You get a fully loaded car for what other companies offer there base models at. The moonroof is cool too!

It has nice accelleration in 2nd gear especially. The TYC taillights are a huge improvement over the stock ones, especially with dark paint colors. I appreciate the slight engine power improvement this year. Everyone loves the reclining rear seats. It has lots of space for four average size people to sit comfortably without knees touching the seats.

The engine, handling, accessories, options, bucket seats, comfort, build quality, the host of standard features, and great price.

The handling and comfort.

performance styling mileage

Color (black cherry), steering wheel controls, exterior lines, rims, power windows/locks/sunroof, driver seat/area roomy, driver floor mats hooked on so they won't shift around, good trunk space, great maintenance service at the dealership although expensive, from a maker a lot of people trust.

Moonroof is really Nice, acceleration and cornering are superb (very difficult to drive this car under the speed limit as it begs to be pushed), interior smartly constructed. Great looking car in and out. Slide the seats up and or fold them down and it's amazing the room that opens up in the back!

Awesome standard wheels/tires, Glass from cowl to trunk lid, snappy shifter for a Toyota, lots of extras are standard!

Steering, head unit, layout 

Slick and Sporty Design, Hatchback and Space, Sunroof, Fun to Drive, Safety

Sporty and sleek look; cost; sunroof; ease of folding back seats down; spacious for its size--have hauled everything from hay bales to walkers to wheelchairs w/ease. 

The look, steering wheel radio controls and the sportiness.

TRD



Interior Space, Exterior Look, Radio Functions, Turning Radius, Dependability.

Sunroof

The radio controls 

Body style Handling Interior design Wheels

Double Sunroof, Radio Controls in the steering wheel area, full fold down rear seats for plenty of room for anything!

Great engine, nice looks and expensive- looking interior. The Mp3 cd player is a real plus. It doesn't feel like the economy coupe that it is. You don't have to suffer to save money.



2.4 liter engine (my selling point), everything is standard 

The seats work great for shorter people. I just can't drive without a sunroof now. I like the understated looks and the limited number of these on the roads compared to other cars.

Big fan of the glass roof, styling, speakers, rear seat comfort, plenty of room when you lay the seats down to haul anything. 

Aux port, the fold down screen, and the double moon-roof. 

styling, glass roof, interior.

tight.

Steering wheel-mounted stereo controls, rapid acceleration from start.

Everything about it.

MPG, comfort, sunroof, spacious, price and the design.

Flat folding rear seats and iPod capability. State of the art styling. Glass roof. Wheels and tires. Resale value. Ability to upgrade with dealer supplied options. For now, it seems like it's going to last a long time. 

Lots of room in the truck area, very easy to handle, sleek silver accents.

Price, trunk space.

Moonroof, glass top of car, customizing possibilities, lightweight, and the price.

MP3 CD player, aux input for mp3 players, steering wheel audio controls, decent 4 cylinder power, versatility, reclining of all 4 seats, and comfort on long rides.

Reliability.

A nice kick to it. Nice semi-notchy shifter, a tiny sport rumble. Almost good gas mileage - I get right at 30. Handles cool for the most part.

Sunroof, satellite ready radio, several small storage compartments.

The front retractable sun roof and the rear moon roof. It's fun to drive and has great pick up. I love the steering wheel radio controls.

The giant moon roof and the console.

Panoramic roof, double din radio space, hatchback, reclining back seats!

The iPod add-on! Tire pressure warning light is a plus. Hatchback w/ lowering back seats comes in handy. Little storage cut-outs under the back floor. Stereo lid/cover (I have had no problems w/ it). Huge glovebox. Interior lights look nice at night. Ability to customize is a plus.

The premium stereo and the engine.

All the standard features, which include a number of features.

Front retracting moonroof, rear still-moon roof. Driver seat adjustments for pitch and thigh support (which really helps you relax your legs while shifting) makes it a much more enjoyable drive. Also the auto up and down window buttons make it so easy to drive and shift after opening or closing them.

Everything... I couldn't narrow it down, I love the entire vehicle!

Sunroof and moonroof, sleek look of the body style.

Steering wheel audio controls, panorama sunroof, auto up and down windows, a/c controls, engine power.

Glass roof, good stereo fun to drive, price. The tC pulls 0.81g on the skidpad, halts from 70?-0 in just 179 ft and moves you 0 to 60 mph in 7.4 seconds! You?re going to have to spend $5000 more to top all these numbers. With the tC's modest price it lends itself to tuner enhancements.

Sunroof, good torque, no mechanical problems to date (16,000 miles), "Pure" pricing, reclining back seats.

The panoramic moonroof, the audio controls on the steering wheel, the iPod conectivity, the auto up and down on the power windows, reclining back seats, back seat room (HUGE), the SSP, customizable greeting message on the stereo, A/C controls, and the button to open the trunk from outside :-) 

Sunroof and interior lighting.

The tC is very easy to customize in performance, audio, and body style. Audio controls in steering wheel.

The dual moonroof, the alloy wheels.

The double sunroof, hatchback, power up/down windows, Flint Mica paint, standard 17" rims.

Torquey engine. 

Glass roof, 17 in rims, 4wheel ABS, BFD brakes, style, lots of available modification, reliable, feels secure and safe for under 20k cars. TRD parts.

Sunroof, hatch, stereo, manual trans, interior design, steering wheel design, acceleration, engine sounds, comfort, etc.

The best feature would have to be the the dual panel roof, steering wheel audio control, turn signal mirrors, and auto up/down windows! and on and on and on!

The adjustable (i.e. lowering lever) for the driver, the glass top, and the 2.4L engine.

I love the sunroof... honestly... that and the amazing torque of this tiny little car!

The good styling in the exterior and interior. The power and torque of the engine are the best for its price. This car is comfortable, if you ignore all of the rattles.

It's a really small feature but it's really cool, in the center console is an AUX plug for an iPod instead of using one that goes through the radio so you have no static at all.

The double din radio makes it easy to install 6.5" navigation unit. I like the reclining rear seats. They also fold down flat. The aux input can play music from any media player with the use of a two sided headphone jack. The rear passenger cup holders are in a great location.

I love driving it. Its acceleration is great. The axillary hook-up is a big plus. It has tons of standard features for a great price.

This car has good power, great looks, a beautiful sunroof, cool accessories, great all around features, and neat Easters eggs (secret features).

The wheels and TYC taillights.

I like how this vehicle is small, has subwoofers, and gets good gas mileage.

The double sunroofs, radio sound, and design

I like the Pioneer audio system that changes its volume level as your car increases or decreases speed.



The power.. I've added a header, cat back exhaust, and a air intake. The torque and the horsepower are just outstanding.



Everything

I like the excellent instrument / dash control configuration. It is so simple.

The acceleration, exterior (especially the sunroof), iPod aux input, sound system, and trunk.

The handling, interior styling, and the iPod hookup. The 2.4L VVTi engine isn't bad either.

The steering wheel controls, great look to the body, glass roof, how it is pretty good in snow, and the low price.

With only two doors, the hatch helps with a little storage. There are a lot of toys (even though they may not be necessary). The glass roof is nice, but some may not like it. The factory seats are pretty good. No matter how the interior of the car rattles, the engine and transmission will last! 

The split moonroof is a very unique feature that I really like. The reclining backseats are a nice touch. If you remove the headrest on the front seat, push the front seat all the way forward, lay the back flush with the backseat, you have a nice bed for your passenger to sleep on long trips.

The in car iPod hook up, fold flat seats, the 17 inch upgraded wheels look awesome, the all glass roof with double sunroofs, the exterior of the car is smooth and easy to wash, the smooth ride, TRD muffler, and engine make a great combination like you're in your own video game. You just can't help but love to this car.

The built in iPod radio. Panoramic roof. Very upscale feel and feature list for a relatively inexpensive car. I also like the ultra smooth drive train.

The body style, TYC optional taillights, and sunroof. People who travel in the car like the rear reclining seats. It also has nice standard wheels.

My favorite feature about this car is that it's different from other cars. The headlights are cool, the taillights are awesome. and the sunroofs are one of a kind.

