Husband: Flip-down tailgate, vanishing 3rd row seat right-sized for our needs, roomy, taught handling, nav system, 30gb HD, and above all, the altimeter. Wife: taillights, tailgate, interior, the fact that everytime we think we see our car, it turns out to be a Lexus that costs twice as much.

Keyless entry & start, Small hiding compartments, V-6 has plenty of power 

Tailgate, DVD and overall performance of the vehicle.

Engine is powerful, acceleration very good.

Keyless entry, music server, navi, rear liftgate setup, speakers.

The radio, 3rd row seat, tailgate, and blue tooth, paddle shifters, and key less entry and start.

Rear liftgate is nice. Exterior look, I've had several people telling me that they like the look of the car.

Steering wheel controls are handy. The heated leather seats are great in winter. The rear liftgate is unique and very handy.

Was the stereo. Can't get past rattles.

Stereo, handling, and interior features.

Six speed transmission, sound system.

I love the FAST key feature, the awesome 650W sound system w/subwoofer and the comfortable leather seats. The shifting paddles are pretty neat, too.

Lots of nice features like 6 speed auto, 4x4 shift on the fly, trip computer, high end sound, heated front seats... and the most practical feature for a young family, the liftgate that keeps all the stuff in the back!

4 wheel disc brakes.

Engine, 18 inch wheels, paddle shifters, bluetooth, combination tailgate/liftgate, folding second row seats, warranty.

The V6 engine.

The peppy power, interior layout, overall exterior design, seats, storage, and nice stereo.

The rear drop down gate, good visibility, and handling.

The navigation system, ASC, 4WD, Rockford Fosgate, warranty, FAST key, multiple cup holders, STORAGE, and heated leather.

The 3rd row, while small, is great for when my kids have friends over after school or practice. The Rockford Fosgate stereo is awesome, and the performance and handling is great. When I'm alone in my car I can crank it up, floor it (and use the paddle shifters), and feel like a kid again!

The Rockford-Fosgate 650-watt stereo! WOW, it has incredible sound with the factory- installed subwoofer! The Sirius satellite radio is super, especially since it's free for the first 6 months. The FAST key feature is a nice touch and so are the Xenon headlights.

The keyless entry, AWD (90/10, 50/50 or FWD), traction/stability control, NAV/music server, six speed transmission, good gas mileage, handling/ride, side-airbags, auto climate control, miles per gallon display, styling, and lower insurance costs (due to all the safety features).

It has all the safety features that I'm looking for, even an aluminum roof to reduce rollover risk. It has a very comfortable ride. It has a strong yet quite engine, good performance, and a superb interior: material, design, looks, space, compartments. I couldn't find any other SUV that gives you nearly as much for the price.

The multi information display.

The Bluetooth handsfree system, paddle shifters, smart key system, fold down tailgate,and great gas mileage.

The navigation system, heated seats, speakers, Bluetooth, in dash DVD player, and radio.

The navigation system, FAST key, Bluetooth, Rockford Fosgate sound system, seat warmers, climate control, sunroof...the list could go on and on. I love this car!

The 6-speed automatic transmission, storage space, comfort, and good gas mileage.

There are many, there's but no point to listing them, as wind noise spoils all the fun.

The paddle shifters, 30 gig hard drive, touchscreen navigation, leather, moonroof etc.

The 650 watt Fosgate stereo, DVD-Nav system, and six-speed auto transmission.

The music server. navigation, heated leather seats, and on-demand 4WD.

The nav system, Bluetooth, and third row seat! And the Xenon lights are fantastic, they light the road up!

The leather, trip computer, sound system, sunroof, and fold down 480 lbs. max tailgate.

The paddle shifter and aggressive styling inside and out. I like how this vehicle is something different from all the Toyota RAV4s and Highlanders that I see every two minutes passing by.

The heated leather seats, Bluetooth, the 650W Rockford system (it's clear and bumps despite reviews), paddle shifters on the column not the steering wheel, info display (gives you all you would want to know), LED taillights (rare in this price segment), very versatile rear seats (2nd and 3rd rows), and fast key.

The style, motor, paddle shifters, navigation, 650 watt stereo, and third row seat.

The power driver's seat, Sirius radio, acceleration, sunroof, comfortable ride, and keyless entry are cool!



This vehicle has a super price-to-feature ratio. It provides the functionality of an SUV/truck, yet rides like a car. I love its sleek styling. It comes with a super warranty (5/60k), but beware you need to hit maintenance milestones or risk voiding it. It has plenty of well-thought out storage areas. The built-in tie-downs in the rear cargo area are great.

I like the HDD based Nav system, 650W Rockford Fosgate stereo, xenon HID, Bluetooth connectivity, music server, FAST key system, heated front seats, tailgate, and V6 engine.

The seat fabric, step-in height, headroom, MP3-compatible stereo, and good gas mileage.

The handling, great steering feedback, AWD, navigation, nice sound system, interior comfort, quality of the leather, styling, storage space, and how it gets nearly 20 mpg with only street driving, no highway and using 87 octane while getting well over 200 HP!

The Rockford Fosgate stereo with hard drive, the navigation system, and the paddle shifters.

I LOVE the Bluetooth thing. How did I ever live without this? The stereo is awesome (I got the Rockford Fosgate Upgrade). I love the swing-down tailgate, it's very cool and great for loading (you won't scratch your bumper). I also love the FAST Key...two weeks and I haven't taken the key out of my pocket yet!

The ride is just plain fun. The acceleration is fantastic, it makes sharp turns and the handling is superb. You get the perfect split between a sports car and an SUV, which is what Mitsubishi was hoping for. They've definitely outdone themselves with this one. 



We did not want the navigation system at first, but is an absolute must now and for the future. The voice prompted guide is perfect and spot on. It recalculates a new route after a wrong turn in seconds. The nav also allows for an uncluttered look the the dash because everything integrates through the nav except for the ac/heat.

The LCD Display, navigation system, stereo, Bluetooth, Sirius radio (with 6 months FREE), hard drive based system which copies your CDs to it. (You only have to put in the music CD once - then play the copied version from the HD from that point forward!) leather, roominess, warranty, and ride height. 

The engine power is great. The 6 speed Sportronic transmission gives a smooth ride without excess revs. The handling is great, it drives like a car. Toys like navigation, heated leather seats, HID lamps, powered seats, and the Rockford Fosgate sound system are a great value package for the price.

The Nav system is a must as it stores your MP3 files and automatically downloads CDs to a 30 gig hard drive for easy use whenever you want them.

The 650W Rockford Fosgate system is amazing! Add that to the Navigation system, Sirius satellite radio and the 30 GB hard drive with 2,500 song downloading capabilities and it's unreal! The heated leather seats are super comfortable and the Bluetooth is really handy. The paddles for the sportshift are great!



The Rockford Fosgate 650w sound system, FAST key system, voice activated navigation/BT, HID headlamps, LED tail lights, 6-speed auto tranny and smooth V6 engine, fold down tail gate, great warranty, safety features, and how the 4WD system = no torque steer - (try driving a turbocharged FWD car, then complain about torque steer).

Everything, the navigation system, seat comfort, and overall look of the vehicle.

The V6 engine, controls on the steering wheel, safety features and good cargo room.

The V6 engine, comfortable ride, manual transmission and safety features.

The reclining second row seats, and smooth, quiet ride.

The navigation system with a build in 30 gig. hard drive.

I LOVE the paddle shifters. This vehicle's materials are high quality and seem very sturdy. The tailgate, steering wheel functions for audio / Bluetooth. 6-speed automatic/manual transmission, fast key. and a/c are great.

The navigation.

The 650-watt Rockford Fosgate 9 speaker stereo with subwoofer and GPS navigation with 30GB hard drive.

The safety features such as head curtain, side curtain airbags, stability control and traction control. The keyless ignition and locks. The great build quality and fantastic warranty. 

The rear seating is great. Both seats fold up flush to the back of the driver and passenger seat adding 2 1/2 feet of space. Also, seats slide forward and backward to make more or less leg room for rear passengers.

I like how it has lots of safety equipment and amenities. The reddish orange or ice blue instrument and panel lights are neat!

The digital displays that let you know gas consumption, outside temp and miles left per tank of gas. I also love the look of the car (I have a black one). I don't see many on the road and it is a head-turner, especially when it is all clean. The gas mileage is great, too.

Turning radius, torque & sportiness, warranty, liftgate, numerous cupholders and compartments, fun to drive, seems very sturdy, drives very well - tight around the corners. 

I LOVE the fold-down tailgate, it's really helpful when loading/unloading furniture and other big/heavy gear. Love all the storage compartments and cupholders, and the microfiber cloth seems like it'll be easy to clean. Steering wheel stereo/cruise control functions are handy. Visibility is good.

Navigation, audio system

My favorite features are the info display that tells you how many miles until empty and how much gas you are using per gallon while you are driving, great storage space, and the LED lights in the back.

Liked the interior storage, engine, transmission, gas mileage, exterior looks

Great pickup on the gas pedal, very smooth and well engineered transmission, excellent sight lines, and better styling than an HHR or PT Cruiser. Combine that with the 10 year 100,000 mile powertrain warranty and you have one awesome little package for very little money. 

Everything! I've never had a car with many options, but I love knowing how many miles till empty, sunroof, radio (got the higher stereo system) and DVD player is nice, wouldn't have upgraded but it was already in this car.

Third row seat, bluetooth, stylist body, gear shift manual by the steering wheel, cup holder and roomy

Good driving performance, gas efficiency, dual exhaust, V6 engine, space, and tailgate.

Very versatile vehicle, fun to drive, great looks, awesome sound system, good highway economy. 

Multi-function display. Calculated the MPGs automatically, says how many miles until empty. Love the red display!

Sun & Sound pkg = sunroof, stereo upgrade (it's awesome), & flat screen monitor w/DVD, Aud./vid. port (ipod/video games). Split liftgate door. 6spd tranny. Steering wheel stereo controls. Sirius Sat. radio. Pwr outlets. Long warranty. Bluetooth. Even has odor eliminating ceiling liner! 

Powerful V6, good handling feels more like a sporty car than an SUV,fuel mileage, exterior/interior design, rear liftgate, drive options FWD demand AWD or full time AWD, price,roof rack, wheel size - just a fun ride!

Bluetooth, Hard drive GPS, foldable third row seat, sport shiffter, fast key, 100% built in Japan

All of it, lots of little things, Gas feature lets you know how far till you run out of gas, it has bluetooth and the stereo buttons are on the steering wheel so your not messing around with the radio while driving,great feature!!

Runs smooth- fast

Exterior design and interior design minus the hard and cheap plastics.

My favorite feature is the 9 speaker rockford fosgate sound system and the nav. Don't forget the heated seats and the paddle shifter with the 4wd system.

Size! Fun to drive and the hard drive that saves your CDs so you don't have to take them in the vehicle!

Love the sports car feel with SUV features. Great sound system. 

Paddle shifters, audio controls on steering wheel, being able to select FWD or 4WD, hidden 3rd row seat, 6 CD player, auto climate control, Bluetooth telephone via radio speakers, 220 HP V6.

Stereo, and seats.

Fun to drive. Period! Sports feel with a higher seating position and functional interior. Nav system and 650w Fosgate system are phenomenal.

Front seats and nav system (fun) engine, 

4wd system and all the safety features. MMCS system. Cargo room.

Stylish, zippy, fab gas mpg, great handling, great warranties, free roadside assistance, fold down tailgate and rear seats for hauling large items. Great information display screen. Good car color palette. Excellent safety air bag system. 

Interior, nav system (albeit out of date), engine and 6 sp auto.

Navigation/MMCS system, 4WD system, paddle shifters, sliding/reclining 2nd row seats, 7-spoke 18" wheels, 3rd row jump seat, multiple safety features, 4-cyl gas mileage with V6 power, 3500lb towing capacity, exterior styling, uniqueness factor not found with Toyota or Honda, outstanding warranty.

Rockford-Fosgate 650-watt stereo w/subwoofer, FAST key, blue-tooth capability, tailgate, tail lights.

Bluetooth, FAST Key system, stability control, good handling, strong acceleration and reasonable mileage 26 MPG on a recent trip, up to 22 around town. 

10 year warranty, Bluetooth, Rockford Fosgate 650W stereo, Sirius satellite radio, HID headlights, DVD player, touch screen Nav, 4WD, good power from the V6, smooth 6-speed auto, good handling, stylish/modern interior, room for 7 in a pinch, fold down rear tailgate.

Temp outside gauge and gas mileage computer

Blue Tooth, 30 GB hard drive with combined navigation system & MP3 Music Server, and the 650 watt upgrade stereo system (sounds incredible!), and the manual paddle shifters all combine to make this car an absolute blast to drive.



AWD system. Rear door and lift gate, much superior to the RAV4's wrong way opening rear door.

My favorite feature by far has to be the manual paddle shifters. Another favorite feature is the storage space in the back combined with the keyless entry. The engine power for its efficient nature.

Space, visibility, simple layouts, fit and finish, very comfortable seats and of course the 10 year warranty. Better value than competitors by miles. Will not compete with the likes of Audi Q of BMW X but at this price still - wow. 

Great looking dashboard and gauges (deep sunk in gauges, well lighted even in the daytime). Has great interior lights for those of you with children. Steering wheel controls are great as well as Bluetooth controls on the steering wheel. A lot of car for the money, like rims and dark tinted glass.

Power, comfortable seats on long drives, bluetooth, trip/info computer readout, entry system.

It has great, balanced and well-weighted steering that most other cars are lacking. I also love the firm cloth seats and the back seats that move back and forth for legroom or cargo room. I also like the interior design and the advanced powertrain is smooth and powerful.

Didn't plan on the luxury, sun/sound, and nav packages but got them in the deal. The stereo is awesome, The music server is just too cool - now I don't have to keep the CDs in the car (it automatically copies them to server). Leather is great if you can splurge. Ample storage.

The Rockford Fosgate sound system, the navigation system with a built in 30 GB hard drive (you don't even need your iPod, though the slick internal jack for it is there to be used - just download your music to the vehicle computer and you're done). Folding 3rd row provides us flexibility.

Handsome styling, spacious interior & cargo area, superb design, excellent handling, comfortable ride, paddle shifters, tri-mode 4WD, fastkey, fold down tailgate, bluetooth, steering wheel controls & lots of functional storage areas, not to forget, the awesome base warranty the car comes with.

Seats are great - leather is nice touch - stereo and nav system are good add-ons. Nav system was not a thing I would have ordered but now that I have it I use it. 484 watts of boom is a good thing.

The auxiliary MP3 system which allows you to plug in you MP3 player into an RCA input behind the center console. I can now play my MP3 player through the Rockford Fosgate stereo system.

Excellent brakes. Love, love, love the stereo system, with the steering wheel controls and satellite radio. And the fuel economy (with realtime display) was a great unexpected bonus. 

Style, performance, nav, sound system, safety features.

MMCS, Rockford Fosgate stereo is amazing. You can watch DVDs when in park on the MMCS. Trust me, it's great if you are camping or waiting on someone at an apointment! Took it on a 5 hour trip and didn't feel uncomfortable at all. 

Bluetooth is the only option that I purchased on my LS. I love it. I didnt want or need anything else. I love the V6 power and all of the compartments. The back lift gate is really nice too. Good visibility and I like being high. I think the size is perfect for a family and it's not too big.

Fuel economy, ride and handling, looks and sound system.

Four way split folding rear seats, good acceleration and passing power, good brakes, manual/automatic mode, real-time fuel economy gauge

Stereo, HIDs, nav, rear tail lights, I can even plug in camera and view it on the 7" screen. Awesome.

Many compartments to store things in, smooth handling, and stereo.

FAST key system, AWD selector knob, bluetooth, gate, 3rd row, steering wheel mounted controls, LED tailights, auto climate control, storage space, sliding armrest, shift paddles, wheels, odor eating headliner, leather wrapped steering wheel, warranty, info displays and overall design! Great car!

What's not to love. This car is really a fun driver, the leather is higher quality, the 40G hard drive is fantastic for recording my music CDs, I am never out of music.

Hands free phone sytem, Mitsubishi Multi-Communication System, tailgate.

Driver accessibility, driver comfort, ride quality, handling.

Navigation, bluetooth, stereo, V6, leather.

The touch-screen nav is awesome. First time with navigation. Stereo is great, especially with ability to store cds, although I find myself listening to satellite radio all the time. Also the fast key is pretty cool, another first. The onboard computer lets you set a lot of personal options.

Sporty styling, 30 GB navi and music server, Rockford Fosgate stereo w/ aux jack, Bluetooth handsfree, heated leather seats, smooth 6 speed tranny, relatively peppy engine, fold down tailgate, lots of storage everywhere. I avg 22 MPG with light foot. Luxury features and feel for entry price! 

Rockford Fosgate 650 watt system, touch screen system that does a lot besides navigate, AWD, iPod jack on the back of center console, LED lights, storage compartments, Bluetooth, nice leather, rear tailgate is cool, cool looking orange lighted gauges (not hard to see), good on gas, extra outlets.

Low load floor and mini-tailgate.



Car like handling, navigation system/music server, Xenon headlights, gas mileage (averaging 25.1 MPG). Lots of storage space. My teenage son calls the 650 watt sound system "sick" (that means it's really good).

Bluetooth, Rockford Fosgate stereo, paddle shifter that lends a sporty feel, extremely comfortable seating that gives a feel like you're seated in your living room. Sensors and keyless entry and ignition.

Very well built; comfortable front and rear seats; third-row seat (reason why I bought the XLS trim), good for young kids; Mitsu's high reputation for safety engineering and great crash test ratings for previous generation of Outlander models; handles really well in everyday driving; great braking.

Hands free Bluetooth system. Premium sound with the Rockford Fosgate system.

Ext/int (yes not as "refined" as bmw, but the leather is great and I actually want a more hardy interior w/some plastic), 4WD, navigation, didn't think sound system was going to be worth it but it's awesome, tailgate, sliding 2nd row, changeable options (wiper spd, light fade), handling, PRICE!!

Top-of-segment performance, powerful engine, smooth transmission with manual shifting override, comfy ride, secure cornering, precise steering, roomy front and back, lots of cargo space, folding rear seats, six airbags, traction control, stability control, LED taillights, transferable long warranty.

Great power, handling, ride, smooth acting 6 speed transmission, FAST-key, 10 year warranty, iPod jack.

Liftgate/tailgate. Music server which deletes the need for an iPod. Rockford fosgate. V6 engine. HID and LED lights.

MPG, zippy engine, power oulets front and rear, space, slick shifting.

Engine, trans and radio, great on fuel avg 27.5 mpg.

Interior design is very nice, quiet, roomy and comfy.

Fast Key, bluetooth, ride, paddle shifters, looks. Equipped better the standard X3 and RX350

I really love the fact that this is the perfect size for me. I feel very small and out of place in other SUVs. I also have three kids full time and two step children who visit, so the third row seat option is just perfect for us. 

Blue tooth, FAST key, auto temp control, rear clamshell, and awesome sound system.

FAST key, rear tailgate, bluetooth, comfortable seats.

"Smart" touches and value - a left footrest on the drivers' side to save your carpet (and help your driving posture); the split liftgate/tailgate (I play in a band and this will add years to my back); DEEP cupholders that hold traditional ceramic mugs; Sirius radio (6 months free with the car).

