My fat rear fits with plenty of room. good power, good in the winter if you know how to drive.

It is spacious, has some get up and it still looks ok from teh outside.

remote start, XM radio, alloy wheels, sporty look outside.

love the sunroof,fog lights,trunk space,rear spoiler!

I like the layout of the interior. I like the drive, and the outside looks!! Overall good car.

Exterior design, interior design, great 3.5 V6, smooth ride, red interior lights, form-fitting seats.



Exterior, performance



color, body style, inside

Hard top convertible, beautiful exterior styling.

Powerful, smooth and refined drive train. Great exterior styling. Quiet on smooth roads. Comfortable and roomy interior and trunk. I like the sound system and DIC. Standard sunroof is very nice.

Ride, V6, radio, handling, etc. Overall a great product...surprising from GM.

The smooth operation of the top. The 6 disk/8 speaker stereo as my son blasts me out of the car. Kids like it loud as I remember when I was young. The holding of the top button is for safety in case someone gets in the way and you know someone will. So much fun to drive 

Syle and performance

Driver informaton center, gas mileage, looks, roomy, price

The entire car!

My favorite feature is the standard admiring looks one receives on a sunny day driving through town with the top down. Nice styling. A hard top that when up, provides a much quieter ride and I hope will make my car a regular coupe this winter when the temperature drops.

Love the driver information center. I think that it should be included on every car!

Remote start up. Leather heated seats. 6 CD changer. Panoramic sunroof. Speaker sound. Smoothness and pickup on the road. Spacey wheel, seat and pedal adjustments. Sporty sedan. Gas, oil change, mileage messages on screen 

Hard top convertible, XM radio, remote start.

Mileage efficiency and power windows

Stereo.

Telescopic steering wheel, 4-wheel disc brakes, side impacts airbags, automatic, full-power and CD all standard with cloth for $17K! It has tons of space inside, I'm 6'2, plenty of room!

Red interior lighting, trip computer in the dash, styling, fake chrome accents in the interior, good seats, good acceleration, roomier than its proportions would suggest. 

Lots of interior room. Instruments well laid out.

Face it...this car is all about the hardtop! Beautiful car, top up or down.

Hard top convertible is totally awesome! Fully towable with 4 wheels on the ground (standard engine only) for those who want to go RV'ing. Super smooth cruise control, and gear shifting. 

Convertible baby!

Tiptronic is fast easy to use 

Its spunkiness, quickness to respond. So glad I got the V6 engine!

The drop top is, of course, my favorite feature.

Great mileage, and the availability of a sunroof on the 4Cyl car.

The look, gas mileage, and overall performance.

The G6 is very comfortable. The seats are pretty much molded to your back. No back aches while driving anymore! I also like the way the dash and features are set up. Very convenient.

I liked the driver information center because I paid more attention to the way I was driving to gain better gas mileage. I loved the red lights on all the gauges at night.

4 seaters

interior design is very nice.17in wheels get a lot of looks. Overall performance very, very nice especially for a four banger, but a very strong four banger. The stereo system is also a plus.

Convertible hard top is my favorite feature. 

The attention getting retractable roof, 8 speaker w/sub Monsoon sound system, and the overall handling.

The awesome ride, very quiet with the top up, super 3.9L engine, audio system, seats, exterior lines, Pontiac gauges and instrument panel lighting. Oh yes...the top-down experience.

My favorite features are the ease of lowering or raising the the top and the awesome sound system.

Hard Top, remote start, & heated seats.



Red backlit gauges. Onboard diagnostic computer. Rear set release latches in trunk instead of in car. Ease of getting in and out of the backseat. Rear windows the go all the down.

-wheels -chrome around windows -cockpit for driver controls

The Roof, of course. Remote start, XM Radio, adjustable pedals and the fantastic looking two tone leather seats. 

i do not have a specific favorite i like them all

The sunroof the tires allweather turning on the car quickly locks all the doors upon ignition, i was mostly impressed with the way the car was able to handle snow,ice and rainstorms. 

The Pontiac logo looks nice.

Monsoon radio sounds great, heated seats work well, auto climate control with premium package is great. Peppy 3.9L V6. Easily accessible buttons/switches, and of course the convertible top. Gets a lot of attention when going up/down. Stability & traction control are nice features on a car this price.

The regular sunroof, the looks of the interior, the fact that the back windows actually roll all the way down!

 The design overall meets all I could want in a convertible.

Adjustable pedals, driver's seat height adjustment, remote start, lumbar support, ease of controls

Hardtop to Convertible top, Oil Life tracker helps figure out when you 'need' to get an oil change, great stereo system, xm radio installed.

Smooth ride, good MPG, great handling.

The leather seats look very sharp, and the monsoon sound system provides a quality auditory experience. I also appreciate the prodigious amounts of powered offered by the engine. It goes without saying that the styling is one of the cars high points. The fuel economy isn't bad either. 

XM radio and Monsoon sound system. Also the traction control and instrumentation.

Exterior look, steering wheel, comfort, and gas mileage.

folding hardtop, heated leather seats, bucket back seats

Great convertible. The design gives you an open air feeling, without feeling windy. I have driven 200 miles with the top down. Plenty of room for a family of 4.

Handling,Quietness,audio system,suspension set-up,stability control

Great drive and handle. Acceleration with the GTP is fantastic and love to take it on the open road. Highly recommend the autodimming rear view mirror. 

18" wheels, panoramic sunroof, leather interior, chrome accents, and appearance of the gauges.



The sleek looks of the car, and the gas mileage!!!

convertible. big 18 inch standard wheels. Awesome sound system 

love the fog lamps that really work also the auto lights and the way the rear seat is higher so my kids can see out well thought out 

Hardtop roof to convertible feature

The roof down, sunny day, and 95MPH

The folding hardtop. Absolutely. Like the red gauges, too. Great styling. The price/features ratio was very nice. The Volvo costs almost 50% more. The Eos costs more and the back seat is very minimal.

Zippy, and a Hard Top Convertible. Plenty of room up front for big drivers.

6 speed transmission, sun roof, and 18 inch rims 



woodgrain on doors and shift. fuel mpg and oil life stats are nice. Body is beautiful..For old folks, this car makes us look good.

In Michigan where the weather isn't always the best for a conv. top. The hard top is the best idea. I can drive it in the Winter and still enjoy it. I also have the 3.9 liter V6 not the 3.5

The extremely comfortable seats and the ease of up/down of the top is priceless.



The way the top goes up and down. My wife and I noticed that the lights on this car just seem brighter that her 2006 Nissan Murano and my previous Sebring JXI. Pontiacs last ! 



Peppy 3.5 engine, Hardtop convertible, Heated Seats, remote start, plenty of legroom and of course the overall look and style.

Side Air Bags, Stibility Control and Monsoon Sound System. The hardtop/convertible is a great feature. In addition , we read that GM is including their new 100,000 Mile Warrenty to all 2007's already purchased.

Interior styling, stereo system is awesome, very comfortable and roomy, hard top convertible, great gas mileage 

Engine, transmission, Monsoon premium sound system, great brakes, accessory packages, remote starter, excellent dealer service.

hardtop convertible

we like the 6 disc player , the 18 inch wheels make the car handle like a dream . the adjustable brake and gas pedals and power seat really help me fit just comfortly in the driver seat . can't wait 'til the sun shines again...

Having a convertible and coupe all in one. Color-Ivory white ext./Taupe int. The ease of getting in and out. Good size vehicle.

Hard Top Convertible, heated seats and great gas mileage.

Top in the trunk is a master piece design.

Convertible, style, ride and comfort.

Six CD player.Start engine remotely,Hard top convertible.Beautiful "red" exterior color.

The option of hard top or convertible, seating for four.

The hardtop convertible

Hard top convertible for $31000 and a great ride with little wind noise even with top down.

Obviously the hard top is the most attractive since I have family that isn?t in the best neighborhoods. The remote starter system is great and for those cool nights my wife loves the heated seats. From a safety perspective I love the rearview from the back window unlike most other convertibles.

hardtop convertible.

XM Radio and sunroof.

I love the top and the remote start. - The car gets a lot of looks...

1) Heated seats 2) Hard top convertible 3) 12V plug in the center console...it's nice to charge your cell phone and have it out of view for security reasons

the auto start, sound system, handling

my xm radio

great handling, smooth driving don't feel every little divot on road

handling, except shocks could use improvement

Hard convertible top.

sunroof, Monsoon audio system, 221 HP V6, looks good with tinted windows and tailights

hard top

My rear passengers can't believe all the leg room. Love the cool look of all the silver trim pieces. Reminds me of a cockpit. I would definitely buy another! 

Power(has some balls), Room(has room so driver doesn't crush the previous balls while driving), Looks great, Fuel mileage (not sure why people complain about this)(224 hp, 3350# car, 22-24 city, 28-32 highway calculated by hand every fill up. I don't rely on DIC. Better then wifes Z24 

exterior styling, steering, engine, Reliability, red interior lighting, interior room for its size, front seats, paint job, the cool factor of this car, the seats are supportive and comfortable.17in wheels, did I say styling! The fact that not everyone knows what it is. A good used car! big on value

I love the panoramic sunroof, although it is noisy. I love the pep, the style, the red interior lights and the sound system. It is a very fun car to drive when you are not worried about it leaving you stranded. The car rides smooth and handles well. I just don't trust it and I don't feel safe.

The orange leather seats. The silver metallic paint. The sunroof. The stereo system (when it works) The power it has for a 6 cyl.

Steering.

Auto clutch and heated leather seats.

Remote start

I like the look of the car inside and out. It is a fun car to drive.

In the next few years these cars will be plentiful in the junkyards, and you will be able to pick them up for next to nothing. 

The sound system, the color, and the style of the vehicle

Auto lights, keyless entry, heater heats quick! Lots of room, drives smooth, stereo sounds great! I love this car

The torque on this car is wonderful! Very attractive all the way around

Convertible

The speed of the car is wonderful

Everything 

Remote car starter, heated seats, sunroof, V6, gas mileage, trunk space

Has to be the interior lighting at night. Its all red and looks very sporty.

looks good

Sporty design.

Remote starter, retractable hard top, monsoon sound system, Deluxe package with power seats leather and 3.8 engine

Overall design inside and out. Interior controls and great IMO.

Very quick to respond; lots of power.

The remote start and power petals are cool



The features that are trimmed in chrome and the interior that lights up red as well as the bucket seats. and charcoal interior

Acceleration from a 6 cylinder in the car is nice. Took it on closed course south of the border and car accelerates as fast from 70-100 as 30-60 seems like. It's a screaming 6 cylinder. 

Good sound system. Fairly good gas mpg on hwy (32 mpg)



Hard top convertible. XM radio and leather interior.

Looks great, really smooth ride, really hugs the road at 85 and 90 mph. 

Love the sunroof. the sportiness of the car. 

Panoramic roof, good power and seating comfort well as the sporty look. Handles well with the 17's. the 60/40 rear seat and interior design.

remote start, heated seats, sporty look of exterior and interior (chrome), rims, engine performance, bucket seats (only wish I had gotten leather), XM radio,local dealership offers free oil changes for life with this purchase

The sunroof and the white color. It is so great to put the windows down and open it all up on a sunny day. I'm moving to Florida and this car is perfect!

The powertrain is wonderful. The car is fun to drive for what it is (I have a modified 2004 GTO for spirited driving). The automatic climate control and leather seats are also a plus.

Radio

The thing that I like best about my car is that it has an automatic start which is very useful.

I love the exterior design the most. But other options I love are the self- adjusting wiping blades. Also, I love the interior red lights on the dashboard! I have tinted windows on my car, and it looks so good at night.

nothing favorite

Leather seats. Get leather if you can afford it.

Powerful engine, sporty firm but absorbing suspension, solid cornering, simple but elegant muscular style. Great sound system too. This car turns heads!

LOVE the heated seats LOVE the roof when it is open

I love the red dash illumination, telescoping steering wheel, auto lights, excellent get up and go for speed, great sound system. I really like that there are shoulder belts on all of the seats in the back. Also like the outlet inside the center console, its nice to store my cell charger

radio was good. Transmission was fine as well.

Very good looking car 30+ mpg, engine monitor in radio, roomy interior, nice sport package with Spoiler, fog lights and rims

The remote start without question. This feature is a jaw-dropper. The fast-back rear window looks great. OnStar unlocked my car when I inadvertently left my keys in the trunk. The hands-free dialing works well also. Enough rear headroom to get 6-footers across town, 66" girls fit comfortably.

Simple, clean and good looking design, inside and out.

Love the exterior styling, Chrome wheels, remote start, leather seats are very comfortable! Awesome gas mileage. My avg is 28.9!

The smooth ride! The great sound system.

Leather seats, remote start, 6 speed automanual trans, overall sexiness, OnStar diagnostics, stereo (loud and clear) 18" rims, everything the car has to offer.

Driver Info Center (DIC), stereo, delay lock on doors, fuel economy, crash ratings, fit and finish

Engine (V6), XM radio, comfortable seating, great sporty look for a family sedan!

Nice design, speed

Power, interior room, all of the usual power things (windows,locks,etc) are standard. Cool temp display on radio, standard cd player.

Satellite radio and deluxe sound system

17 inch wheels and after market wheels..pure genious! Sound system is wonderful. The car feels like a cockpit and I feel like Maverick. You wear this car!

Temperature info on radio display, cupholder in back seat console

Looks, performance, comfort. Ladies and gentlemen, this car is the new boyfriend/girlfriend that makes the old bf/gf regret that they left you.

The hard top is the way to go - very tight and quiet when the top is up.

Retractable hardtop, XM radio, the interior is warm and inviting, and seats 4, which is a must for those short drives to the ocean with friends.

Seats are very comfortable, great sound system, beautiful metallic color!

Retractable top, handles well, good sound from radio, love the sleek shape of the vehicle.

Price, data computer, stereo, roominess, ride.

Hardtop convertible feature and exterior finish of the car. Mine is red and sits in the florida sun all day and i have seen no sign of deterioration since i bought it in November. I got the sports package and think it was well worth the extra bucks.

Exterior, interior

Stereo, body color, dashboard, pickup, message center, almost everything!

It's a convertible (but see Improvements)

Performance, retract roof, XM radio, manual automatic mode

17in wheels..3.5L V6..great cornering..6 Airbags. 

Hardtop convertible, sound system. Nice looking vehicle. V6 has a lot of power.

Everything

The sunroof is sweet! Also, the red illumination at night gives the car a sportier feel. I also really like the driver information center and the awesome sound system!

The V-6. 16" rims. XM radio. Remote start-must have. 

The peppy engine, the performance, sun roof, great brakes and sporty styling.

Red interior lighting, remote start, sun roof.

Power, AC, handling, XM, sound system, smooth ride.

The hard convert top is my favorite feature. Makes the car a beautiful convertible and just as stunning when top is up. Looks like a beautiful 2dr coupe. Monsoon radio is great. Love driving down the road listening to my iPod. With top down aiflow is good, not real disruptive, can easily have a conversation

