Rear doors open wide, rear seats slide forward for more cargo room. I like how the 5 Speed automatic shifts, it's really smooth. I love the blue led light near sunroof controls that no one can explain what it is, but keeps me warm inside knowing it will glow for many more years. 

Nice ride, good mileage for its size, awesome in the winter with a good set of snows, comfortable interior.

Comfortable ride and comfortable seats, stock stereo, AUX jack, space, exterior design, and reclining rear seats.

Nice roomy interior. 

XM Radio Leather seats / Sun Roof 

Cargo, Interior, Zip, Handling overall quality. Great in winter.

6 disk CD player, fog-lamps and rear sensors.

Comfortable interior. Love navigation and reverse camera. Heated seats. Green tea color.

body design, better ride than older CR-V

The number of passengers that fit and the amount of cargo I can carry.

Nicely designed dash, controls and displays; rear folding shelf is nice for storing things underneath, out of view; gas mileage.

The navigation and that ability to use voice commands. I haven't tired yet of pushing the button just to ask what the time is to have that woman's voice come back at me. You can change the radio station too with voice commands. Features you would only expect on high end luxury vehicles.

XM radio. Heated mirrors. Bottle holders in the doors. Conversation mirror and lots of places to keep stuff. The on-board computer that shows the instaneous fuel consumption and trip average has made me a better driver. Day time running lights. Computer tells when service is due.

Overall look, stereo, trunk space, relatively quiet ride.

Hard to choose, as I like everything about the car. But voice controlled navigation and backup camera are the best on the market.

Ease of handling, comfortable and roomy. The two glove boxes are great, the outlets, 6 CD changer and all the cubbies to store stuff. I love the collapsing back seats.

I love the 2007 styling, comfort, fun to drive, the blue lights and handling. 

90 degree opened doors, interior dash design, steering wheel controls, emerg. foot brake, easy open/close rear hatch, MP3 auxiliary, dual cargo shelf, smart key, moonroof, gas mileage range, HIDDEN full sized spare, tire pressure monitor (although curious to really see how it works). 

Leather seats, good power for a four cylinder, very comfortable ride.

Holds its value. Comfortable interior. Fun to drive. Lots of cargo space. 

Love the instrument panel, the placement of shift stick, the MP3 plug- in, and cargo space. The many ways to adjust the back seating area is nice.

Safety features and the side rear airbags, MP3 player input, tilt steering wheel, miles to empty indicator, headroom and legroom.

I like the driver information dashboard - the outside temp/MPG/range display is nice. The MP3/WMA capable 6 disc changer can hold a lot of music if you know how to burn a data CD. 

Roominess, reclining/folding seats, sunroof, cargo shelf, 2 glove boxes, center glove box, gauge package, maintenance reminders, XM radio, steering wheel radio controls, and many more.

Gas mileage. Easy to get in, and out of. Drives wonderfully. Great stereo. Great fit and finish. Quality. Sits high enough to see. Good visibility. 

Everything else, especially the electronics and upholstery.

AUX stereo plug, dual glove boxes. On board computer. Blue lighting. Good handling. Gas mileage.

Mileage and mileage gauges, quiet ride. Gear shift position is convenient. Understand it has a timing chain instead of belt with no planned maintenance.

Driver comfort and vehicle information.

The all wheel drive. The fold up and reclining rear seats. The telescoping/ tilt wheel.



Leg room, roomy backseats. Leather seating. Comfortable for all passengers of all sizes! Nice "gadget board". XM radio, great gas mileage, what's not to love?

Roomy interior, smooth ride, gas mileage, and safety features. 

Sunroof since my old car didn't have one, mp3 jack, lighted dashboard with alerts for low tires, etc.. is a great addition. Love the new exterior look with no tire!

Moonroof, navigation system, Smart key, 18 inch wheels.

The navigation system with the backup camera and XM radio. 

Flexible interior allows seats to fold forward for extra cargo. Didn't think I would like XM radio, but it's nice. 5-speed transmission helps quiet engine noise and improves fuel economy. Love display and controls layout, much better than previous model. Like permanent center console in EX-L model.

Free XM radio for 3 months is nice. Outside body style is really nice. Leather over cloth is only way to go. 2 separate glove boxes are super. Radio control in steering is awesome. Seating for 5 is accommodating. Center console storage is great. Love the spill tray in hatchback area.

Storage shelf, shifter location, ride. Rear seat room and fact that rear seats recline and move back and forth.

Premium sound system with subwoofer, best nav system I have seen, great looks (black with fog lights tan leather). MPG 29-30 on highway, 25-26 around town. Good power, quiet sound, drives solid. Back up camera. Satellite radio, 6 disc changer.

Gas mileage; 6 disc changer; sunroof; dashboard that displays how many miles until empty, average mpg and when to change the oil. Also love the tire pressure monitoring feature (standard). It's SO quiet for a small SUV, especially since it's not a "luxury" SUV where you pay for what you get.

Auxillary jack for mp3 player/ipod and where it's located in the center console keeps it out of the way, the shelf for the cargo area, the quiet ride (much more than our Accord), and of course the sunroof. 

The interior looks like a higher end SUV.

The navigation, rear camera a big plus. overall styling is very much improved with a look more reminiscent or luxury SUV.

Fuel economy, dashboard information, fun to drive

Decent fuel economy, dash instrumentation and lighting, audio system is very good, theater style rear seating. The ease in which the rear hatch opens is a nice surprise, as well as the accommodations for an iPod. 

Ride, quiet cabin, comfort, the way it looks.

AWD, 6-disc CD changer, maintenance minder, trip computer, outside temp gauge, handling, comfort, moonroof, large side mirrors, fold down back seats, cargo shelf, visibility, gas mileage, looks and styling - very classy.

Radio controls on the steering wheel. Fold up seats in the back.

Nice looking exterior design.

The price paid and what you get it's a great bargain.

The seat fabric, which is not that cheap velour stuff I remember from my old Accord, and the rear doors that swing open almost 90 degrees. Makes getting a car seat in and out very easy.

Gas mileage, leather, sunroof, XM, tinting in aft windows, color (Borrego Beige!)

Navigation (very easy to use, color changing, nice display clock on screen). Fuel economy for an SUV. Tons of room in back seat which was a great surprise, plus the seats in rear lean back! I added the rubber mats and rubber cargo in back so the is really clean and durable inside and out! 

Attractive styling. Roomy interior. Decent ride

Moonroof, gas mileage, design and power.

Exceptional safety features for all models. Heated mirrors. Maintenance Minder. Adjustability and flexibility of rear seats gives us many options for cargo in a smaller vehicle thats fun to drive and economical . Five speed automatic keeps performance lively. Real time gas consumption monitor. 

Safety, nice exterior styling.

Rear-view camera with navigation, heated seats, dual-deck cargo shelf in the trunk, sound system, maintenance minder system, steering wheel audio controls, reclining rear seats for long trips, and I highly recommend investing in the Honda all season floor mats. 

The dashboard, leather seats, steering wheel.

Roomy interior, great looks, maintenance reminder, tire pressure monitor, safety equipment and 5 star crash ratings, fuel economy, solid feel and quality, quality, quality!!

Navigation, MP3 Player, CD changer, reverse camera.

The comfort and design makes it a nice ride.

It's a blast to drive. Comfy, ample storage for a small suv. Smooth ride, good gas mileage. I love my sunroof, subwoofer pkg. and faux wood trim. Very sharp compared to the past CRVs. Nice upgrades. I love everything, but the interior fabric. Staying power just isn't there. 

XM radio and heated seats.

XM, touch-once retractable sunroof, fold down-up rear seats! Color of the exterior (Boreggo Beige) and the Ivory interior leather! Rear storage. Extra compartments for storage.

Great display, dynamic mileage display, visibility, handling, safety features, reliability ratings, low maintainence requirements, resale value.

5-star safety rating. 8 air bags. Steering wheel controls for stereo. Easy lift tailgate. Back seats tilt & move up/back. Conversational mirror when talking to back seat passengers. Addtl drawer under passenger seat. Multiple storage bins front & back. Shelf in cargo for addtl space for groceries.

I love the style of the 2007, very sleek. It is super comfy too! I feel very safe in this larger vehicle. It would be nice to have the accessory rear cargo tray as standard equipment.

Comfortable front seats, good solid feeling to the doors and overall quality build. Lots of room for rear seat passengers - I could go on.

MP3 stereo, bag hooks in the back, tire pressure monitor. 

Heated leather seats, 6-CD stereo with XM radio, Iinterior room, smooth ride, styling of dash and information tools - nice blue lights on the dash!

Navigation, XM radio, back-up camera.

XM satellite radio, telescoping steering wheel with vertical driver's seat adjustment.

Very informative dash. Sound system adequate for car in that price point. Sunroof. Radio controls in steering wheel. Big tires and wheels to me...even bigger than the ones on our soon to be retired Ford Explorer.

Overall quality

Design and hiding the spare tire under the cargo area

Swoopy new design similar, head-turner at stop lights/intersections, boxy look gone from previous CR-Vs, smooth ride, good gas mileage, power sunroof, ample interior storage bins, easy/minimal effort opening of lift tailgate, back doors open wide, easy access back seats.

I love the color and style inside and out!! (we purchased the Borrego Beige with Ivory interior) 

Design is great. Lots of cargo space. Love the blue lights on the speedometer and the fact that I can see how many miles to the gallon I'm getting.

Back up camera and NAV is way cool-- Instrument cluster is awesome. Styling is fresh. Lots of storage. Safety!!!

XM, sound system, navigation, heated seats, heated side view mirrors, windshield wiper spray in the back, camera when reversing, back passengers can adjust seat front to back, and adjust the incline of the seat

great view from front seat. You can see everything with no distractions. Radio controls on the steering wheel are great. I love all the information on the dash board from the outside temp, to the tire air inflation, miles per gallon, etc.

Leather seats, heated seats, heat and AC kick in more quickly than my old Civic, automatic volume increase on highway, controls on steering wheel, satellite radio, tons of leg and cargo room, overall look of the car. Also, the AWD has handled the big blasts of snow this winter very well.

see above

My favorite features would be the inside and outside design. The car looks much more expensive than it costs. 

The blue LED convenience light! Lots of safety features. High quality interior. Fun to drive. Beautifully designed. Very pretty by my eye. Lots of useful details such as a balanced rear hatch, easy to operate controls with a quality feel to them. Flat floor...plenty of leg room. Three storage bins.

dashboard look, exterior, roomy backseat

Easy reach interior, ample head room, gas mileage

Navigation is easy to use. Plenty of entertainment with XM and MP3 input. Sound system is decent for factory Honda.

I love how smoothly it handles and how easy it is to drive! The guages are easy to read and I like the color. They're blue and white...not ugly orange. I love where the shifter is!

Navigation systems with Voice Recognition is truly amazing.

mileage gage. Ample room inside.

Comfort, handling, visibility, ease of entry and exit, very smooth shifting transmission.

Beautiful. A lot of luxury for the money, great highway mileage (28 to 30), very comfortable interior. Excellent winter handling.

Some may not know this but you can fold the front seats back with rears and make a bed. Nothing big but a neat feature. Standard cargo shelf really helps with the groceries. Love the gauges. Center console has advantages. Love the placement of the shifter. Also the AWD system works flawlessly.

shift gear takes a little space. love it. audio system is excellent especially voice/ vol/change channels on steering wheel.excellent overall

Everything!



Sleek design, convenient controls, rear door opening (90 degree angle), lift tailgate, fuel economy

My Favorite feature is that the rear passenger doors open wide, fully perpendicular. Great for getting in and out, especially with kids.

The exterior look! The blue LED convenience light. The auxiliary jack is great. The reclining back seats are nice as well as the fact that they also slide forward. I also like the extra glove box for everyday items and the one below the seat that holds all the little extras.

Heated Seats, Diagnostic console, center console on EX-L model, XM radio (definitely keeping that). After market add-in fav: All season mats, those things totally rock, especially in New England. 

All of the standard safety features, that you would pay extra for on most vehicles. Regular gas. Changeable lock/unlock system. High Resale. When going down hill, if u remove ur foot from the gas, it keeps an even speed. Drives like a car. Auto up & down window. Sturdy feel to the interior. Etc......

No ugly spare tire on the back. Easily adjust seat and steering wheel positions for tall drivers. Can quickly fold rear seats in a wide variety of combinations to transport lots of bulky items. Love MPG gauge and maintenance minder

Like the exterior looks, quietness, driving lights are great. Solid feel to this SUV. Cargo room is the best, lots of leg room front and back. Larger tires are excellent, radio is very good, heater is excellent front and under seat for back passengers. Can't get over how great it looks A+ Honda



Overall quality with upscale look and feel, ergonomic interior layout, gauges, lots of backseat room.

Safety Features (ABS, VSA, Brake Assist, EBD, 6 Airbags, and ACE), power, auto transmission, Honda Quality!

Semi-reclining rear seats make longer trips more comfortable. XM radio and good stereo system. Nav system works great and helps the geographically challenged.

CD/MP3 player, instrument panel with avg gas mileage display, ride height, gas mileage. Interior feels very Audi/BMW German, which is a good thing.

I love the car but it won't even start!

Space, safety, gas mileage, reliability, AWD system, and value.

My favorite features are all the extras I bought online after purchasing the vehicle. I saved a fortune on the cargo tray and cover as well as seat covers and the console.

MP3 playback, digital meters, maintenance minder, quality of interior

Gas mileage, heated seats, exterior styling, GPS/nav, XM radio, mp3 jack, console compartment, extra power outlets, space for purse between front seats (in front of center console). I also like that there's no tire mounted on the liftgate like on the RAV4.

Fun to drive. Sound System. Led light on console.

Heated seats, fuel efficient, and very spacious for a small SUV.

MP3 capable/ navigation and rear camera

Nav system, stereo, fuel efficiency (runs on 87), pretty quiet ride, nimble.

Dashboard lighting, sunroof, aux jack for ipod, overall design look. Strong handling and decent mileage.

The new design looks great, and I like the high degree of safety features it comes with. Even stability control, active head restraints and side curtain airbags are standard. Every manufacturer should be so committed to safety instead of making them expensive options or not even offering them at all

Good mileage, smooth handling and ride. Like the looks too.

No separate key fob, fit and finish, comfort

Heated seats, mp3 jack, heated mirrors, cargo shelf, AWD, digital mileage display, gas mileage, plenty of room, safety features. This car has a zippy feel, it doesn't feel underpowered at all. Overall I'm very happy with it.

Materials are outstanding as are fit and finish. Very impressively engineered overall. Dash is splendid, luminous, thoughtful in design; 17" wheels provide great look. Mileage is terrific as is reliability. The CRV screams upscale, but at the same price as last year. Sound system is great. 

Heated Leather seats,Audio system,Navigation,reclining rear seats,tilt telescopic wheel, gas mileage, the list goes on and on.

Fun to drive,25 mpg. jazzy dash, adjustable drivers seat. Quality throughout. EX radio is superb. Rides firm but not harsh. Engine is more than adequate. The EX cloth could possibly be upgraded somewhat, it's just OK. Fit and finish superb.

I love being higher up of the road than a regular car. I love the moonroof and the interior spaciousness. I think the trunk shelf is a great feature. Everything is well laid out. The car has great pick up. I am always amazed at how it registers 70 miles with no effort! Love the monitors.

Gear shift on the console, blue night- time console lights (very cool), estimated mileage left per tank of gas, heated mirrors

exterior and interior of the car



Sun Roof, comfortable seats, leg room, front center tray that folds down, tons of GOOD cupholders, concealing cover for rear, tons of power outlets, automatic rear wipers, automatic volume adjust for higher speeds...

Reliability, handling, audio/iPod jack, standard moonroof, XM, heated mirrors and seats on EX-L, fuel economy, rich interior and sleek exterior design, dashboard at night, fuel economy, 17" wheels, low MSRP, black non-scratch bumper, resale value, 

MP3 jack. Arm rest for right arm. Its a honda.

economy, comfort, simplicity, & the kids love it.

17" wheels, heated leather seats, 6 disc in dash CDs, XM, oil life monitor and overall look and comfort. Very luxurious. Dash layout and displays are high class and ergonomic.

Definitely the handling surpasses all of the other suvs in it's class. The conversation mirror is actually more useful than I figured when I bought it.

Roominess and fuel economy. All-wheel drive. Cabin design. Reliability.

Ride, comfort, quietness, ease of use, turning radius, overall performance, safety



Exterior design, the way it drives, MP3 plug, better mileage than Odyssey (which got 13-14 mpg city/19 mpg hwy)

The exterior style, the overall performance and the finish quality.

DVD Navigation, Heated Seats, Backup Camera. Audio features.

The doors open wide and are sturdy against wind gusts, I'm thoroughly enjoying the 6-CD changer, the fact that it will tell me how many more miles I can drive on my current tank of gas, when my tire pressure is low, relatively tight turns for an SUV, compact ... everything about this car is great!

Sunroof, conversation mirror/sunglasses holder. Nice that the spare is full-size, and inside the vehicle now. 

Nicely weighted steering, Heated leather seats, Bang for the buck (I got $1000 off sticker) and safety.

Foldable rear seats, 90 degree rear doors.

The exterior design is what attracted me to the CR-V, then once I got inside the cock pit looking drivers side is well laid out and easy to read. I love all the storage, with the 8 drink holders, the under seat storage drawer and two glove compartments, back shelf... it sure does not lack storage.

reclining rear seats, navigation, interior layout, leather, handling, quality, resale value

Speed volume adjusting radio, overall refinement.

mileage calculator,sunglass holder w/conservation mirror, seat warmers,all dashboard information, cruise control and radio buttons on steering wheel, child safety latches in back, storage in front, driver seat adjustment for height, front passenger leg room, location and use of emergency brake 

no tire on the back! the exterior design is awesome, the fold down console, even though I will most likely keep it up, great and smooth acceleration...fabulous brakes...I could go on and on

There are a lot of terrific features, but I like the additional beverage holder in the door. It allows the driver and passengers extra space for additional items, such as a tissue dispenser. It's just handy to have.

Everything in the dash...love that real- time mpg update. It really tempts me to drive/accelerate smoothly. 

Comfortable. Updated exterior wears well--sleek look. More spirited acceleration (for the most part) than previous models. The center driver's side display is great. Easy to open hatch.

Exterior design, interior features to meet small family needs, safety, dashboard layout, XM Radio, leather seats, smooth transmission and humming engine with "adequate" power. Glad they did not put a 6 cylinder in here...really not needed for city driving. Like the two-level cargo too.

Mileage, appearance, light interior and safety features (VSC).

Spacious cabin, back-seat "spy on the kids" mirror, gas mileage, standard MP3 player

Exterior, beige color, moon roof and roomy exterior

Room, cost, fit and finish. Like the lights on the dash as well as the information.

size easy to park SUV

The look of it. 

the rear wiper now goes all the way across the window, not half way. I also like the re-design of the shift in the center.

all of the standards, 6CD changer/player, electric moon roof, privacy glass, good security system, good styling, nice wheels and tires, easy to read well-lit gauges, big cargo area. dimmer /compass mirror, backup sensor and running boards were additional accessories and worth getting.

XM radio, VSA and the dash lights. And the extra cubby above the glove compartment.

Overall interior and exterior styling. MP3 connection is a nice touch

gas mileage 23.5 mpg in town, 31 highway . great resale value . easy open rear hatch .

High Quality Interior. Sliding rear seats and adjustable seat backs. Gadget compartment. Cargo Space.

superb style and performance, Very spacious, good visibility, good interior design high .

I love the mileage meter. It's terrific. It really shows you how your driving affects your fuel consumption.

Aux port.

Ride and handling, Instrument panel layout

Design/colors; increased luxury; larger wheels; much more a car-like ride than prev.; handling, ride far more secure; dash (luminous and beautiful) with ext. temp. reading, new fuel gauge (digital); shifter placed below music, as in Element; rear seat more substan.; wheels are killer; outstanding.

The ride has been improved. The vehicle is quieter than the old CR-V and I like the bigger tires.

Everything is awesome about this SUV. 

Safety features, especially VSA and side airbags, combination of analog and digital displays, ease of entry,new style rear hatch, spare tire location, excellent fuel economy, Honda reliability, rear folding seats, lighted radio and cruise buttons on steering wheel, fun factor of driving.

SAFETY

Much quieter ride. Great sounds,w/ 6 speakers,& external Ipod connector. (Ipod FM options doesn't compare favorably). Also works for portable dvds. Fuel consumption w MPG indicator to help maximize the same. Maintenance Minder. Classy Interior.Didn't think I'd need sunroof,but is very useful bonus.

Size/volume quotient, safety features, handling, gas mileage, build quality, ULEV, inside spare tire, rear hatch, backlit instruments, quality feel to controls and interior materials, uses regular gas, defeatable stability control for snow traction, 6-CD changer in dash, tilt/telescope wheel.

Smooth ride, exterior look, large trunk space, gas mileage display and nice layout of dash.

Fuel Monitor system and fuel economy 30 highway 28 city.

Ergonomics, handling, EX-L features (XM radio, heated leather seats, MP3 connectivity, sun roof), safety, price

night lighting, quiet ride, beautiful lines, compact size, roominess, precise steering, ergonomic ease and simplicity, standard safety features including side curtains.

The way it drives! I also like the position of the gear shift which still leaves room on the floor for my purse or a trash container. Hatchback design. Love the blue glacier color!

Moon roof

The average gas mileage reader is really nice. I like all the cup holders and all of the safety features. Lots of leg room in the back and front compared to my Civic. 

Audio System, moonroof, seating

Radio controls on steering wheel, amount of space in front seats

The instrument panel is laid out well and the are gauges are easy to read. Dash controls are easy to use. It looks good!!! Fit and finish are outstanding. The audio system sounds fine. The interior is well laid out.

redesign, one click moon/sunroof, telescopic wheel, more interior seating space, Glacier Blue color!

Overall appearance, quality, XM radio, and ease of collapsing the rear seats.

no more spare tire on the back!! Size, handling and ride...improved refinement inside and out...mpg gauges and average indicators...Daytime running lights...audio system

Heated seats, XM radio, conversation mirror, auxiliary input for my iPod!!!

easy to get in and out, dials are very easy to read

Standard Honda design. Fold down/up rear seats.

Size, steering and comfort of seat and arm rest,seats fold and flip

Ease of lifting & closing hatch, ease chaging rear seating configurations, MPG, great headlights, telescoping steering wheel, arm rests, easily adjustable driver seat and quite ride.

XM radio, sleek design, 6-disc changer, sporty edge, cheaper than RAV 4, pet friendly

TPMS, instant mileage, wsporty redesign, two tier rear storage, BIG wheels, comfy seating, smoother ride than the RAV 4

The car has been redesigned inside and out. Expect this one to win some awards. My favorite feature is by far the gas mileage and the room available.

Handling,quietness,interior design,stereo,seats,performance. I pretty much like everything about this vehicle.

safety, good handling, good look

Great looking small SUV with many improvements over the prior models. Not a boxy looking vehicle anymore.

I like the heated, leather seats and the new styling, especially now that the spare tire is underneath rather than stuck on the back hatch. XM radio is really cool. Being over 6' tall, I appreciate the head room and generous room throughout the car. So far it is a great vehicle.

wiper speed by car speed

No specific favorites - all of the interior features are excellent. Very well designed!

Design, both outside and inside, look of the 17" wheels, rear cargo shelf, fun to drive.

Comfort of the ride, and handling going round corners. XM radio and plenty of space for passengers in front and back.

The smooth line look of the vehicle. The shifter knob in the middle and a stable middle console. Like the stereo controls on the wheel. No outside back spare tire and hatch back. Running lights during the day and lights come on automatically going into a dark place.

Love the moon roof, 17" Alloy wheels, the instrument panel is easy to read, once you learn what it all means. This car practically thinks for itself! Many safety features. The color- glacier blue is beautiful.

audio system, exceptional ride, exceptional value.



Just about everything including the fact that it can be flat-towed behind a motorhome.

Driving position.Safety 6 air bags. Cheap car insurance.

Good mileage Running lights

AWD, quiet ride, smooth handling, stereo system, interior room, cargo space and above all, the FUN FACTOR!!!

160 watt. standard 6 disc cd stereo w/XM capability. Power moonroof, 17" alloy wheels. Sharp leather trimmed interior and steering wheel/shift knob.

Heated seats, leather interior, great radio, just a tight little SUV that's fun to drive.

Plenty of standard safety features, Driver seat height adjustment(manual, though), over-all height and width measurement, blue-lit dashboard instruments, overhead storage bin. 

interior comfort and shift

XM, fog lights, spoiler, cargo tray for storing two levels of cargo. Overall exterior looks are much improved in 07 over previous box style body. (I didn't care for the back spare tire that used to be stored on the rear door on older models.)

Cargo Space, all the review mirrors for monitoring children, interior layout, exterior bumper guards for shopping cart deflection, seat height, fuel economy, overall manufacturing quality.

Engine performance all with good gas mileage. steering wheel controls

The flip up tailgate. If someone pulls in too close it's not a problem-we can still easily access the cargo area. I also really like the driver controls on the steering wheel. 

Nice design, good interior space, perfect size for a small SUV.

Very versatile. Enough room for most shopping. Good looking car. Nice style. I think it holds it's own compared to a BMW or Audi in appearance. 

Map storage drawer under passenger seat, "back seat view" mirror/sunglass holder, hight adjustable driver's seat, and cool interior lighting. Storage versatility!!! Folding/sliding rear seats (I've gotten a small sofa and several sheets of plywood to fit in the cargo area!) Moonroof, map lights.

Most everything about it.

Interior is refined as can be. Gas mileage can REALLY impress you at times. Trip computer with fuel info. Good engine. Stock wheels are good as is the radio (just needs more wattage/power). Did I mention the interior? The front end.

6 dis MP3 changer Trip computer in the odometer display area



Exterior look, display of estimated miles with the remaining gas in the tank.

Information Display and stereo system, acceleration is decent, roomy in the interior and comfortable seating, sportier than previous year CR-Vs.

Build quality - quiet ride - instrumentation - no huge spare tire bulge on the back.

Gas mileage, sunroof, MP3 plug, so much room for a "small" SUV

Leather seats, NVH control (very quiet), looks, dash and the overall quality.

The way it takes curves and handles on the road and the fuel consumption meter. The cars seems quiet and powerful. The opening of the doors which is wider, then previous years. 

Leather Seats, XM Radio, Storage Space, 166 hp i-VETC engine, all saftey features (ABS, Brake Assist, EBD, 6 airbags, and VSA), auto-locking doors, rear privacy glass.



MPG, smooth for a small SUV, lots of room even in the back seat

Hatchback and room for storage.

Leather interior, backup camera, handsome exterior design. Pretty good fuel economy for a small SUV.

nice radio(not very powerful). great rear door entry, AWD great feature

Navigation System, Rear camera, and comfort. Also avg mpg

Exterior design, AWD, fuel efficient, mp3/IPOD jack, stereo control buttons on the steering wheel, driver's seat height adjustment, actual mpg meter, comes with XM radio, outside temperature gauge, sunglass holder and conversation mirror.

Aux jack for MP3 player. Fold up hatch. Fold down tray. Quality interior. Styling of the body. And just about everything else about it!

NONE

The XM radio is addictive and the sound system works great. I love the style and the smoothness of the ride. The interior is excellent and the pick up is more than adequate. Very happy with this car!

Stereo buttons on steering wheel (volume, ability to switch stations, etc)

Honda was smart to include the mp3 jack in the console. Should be standard in all Hondas (it's a piece of wire!). Heated seats. PRNDL location. Quiet ride. Plenty of juice, feels like a V6 when you're getting on the highway or passing.

Feels like a large vehicle & roomy, good get up and go, mpg & oil life indicator, one-touch window and stylish.

sleek modern style, metallic paint, loaded with standard options, extra space compared to a car, comfortable interior

All-wheel drive, stability control, adjustable rear seats and back rest, storage bins and gas consumption

Roomy, comfortable, attractive interior. Fuel efficient. Very sure footed even in poor driving conditions. Love the build quality.

- smooth ride - mpg meter (instant and average) - service reminder 

Exterior styling! "Is that a Lexus?" Excellent daily vehicle, nimble, tight, secure, logical design. Versatility: fit much more IKEA/landscaping materials in than any larger Murano/Lexus. Fits extra large dog kennel, seat up or down! 24 actual city (Houston), worst 21, 32 hiway going 58 mph!

Exterior design is very sleek and modern.Interior is spacious for a compact SUV, lots of leg and hip room. Rear seats can be adjusted and folded for just about any need. The control panel is simple and uncluttered. Fun to drive although sometimes the engine does sound strained. MP3 and AC jacks rock!

iPod jack, conversation mirror (for child in back).

I love the 6 disk CD changer in this vehicle. It is roomier in the front interior than the older models. The exterior is a major improvement since the prior model was very boxy looking. I get told what a great looking car in many places that I go. I like the running daytime safety light feature.

Handling, heated seats, interior, exterior,easy to get into and out of. The doors open wide to get out of.You just have to stand up to get out. If you had any problems with your legs this would be a great SUV for you. Back wiper,just the whole vehicle its self.

Vehicle Stability Assistance, ABS, airbags for all passengers. Two tier cargo deck. Simple gauges, engine is easy to work on. Rides like a normal car. Good visibility. Good gas mileage for an AWD - average about 27 mpg when doing 30% city - 70 % fwy and about 29 mpg for 100% fwy

All-Wheel Drive, telescopic steering wheel, arm rests, and adjustable reclining rear seats.

4 cylinder engine, ABS, stability control, 5 star crash ratings all around. 5 speed overdrive has engine barely turning at highway speeds, and the shifts are imperceptable.

Head-room; interior design; ergonomic dash; XM radio; tilt rear seats; large cabin for size of vehicle. Miles per gallon above 28 average in town. Very reasonable power for size of vehicle. Quality of materials used. Very smooth transmission shifting. Excellent radio tone for level of equipment.

Handles like it is glued to the road, no body lean. Turning radius. Interior room, cargo capacity, fit & finish & thoughtful features. Controls are all intuitive and quick start manual is great. Fog lights. All weather mats. Drive train is superb for a small engine. 

XM-radio; head room; seat/rear view window warmers; everything else!!

The stereo rocks with the navigation system!

Mileage computer, proved to be reasonably accurate, great tool to help to get max fuel efficiency. Transmission- very, very smooth - if it wasn't for the tach, it would be hard to determine up/down gear changes. Moonroof - very cool. 

Navigation, roomy interior, shelf in back

Leather seats, XM satellite, surrounded with air bags, heated seats, smooth in cornering, good acceleration,cargo space, quiet ride, excellent gas mileage, great suspension and handling, nice SUV

Cargo deck, rear seat mirror, sun roof, aux jack for ipod, reclining and sliding back seats, fuel efficiency (compared to other SUVs)

The overhead clearance, the seats which, comfortably support the back, and are high up to look over other cars. The drive by wire. The ride in general.

I love the seat adjustment and the rear wiper!

Navigation, oil life indicator, back-up camera, sound system. I love the XM satellite, definitely worth it.

Navigation system. XM radio

Sunroof, mp3 jack

Navigation is awesome. Sound system is equally awesome. Lots of amenities for a vehicle under 30,000 dollars. Gas mileage of 22 city and 28 highway would be fantastic. Very luxurious interior. One of the nicest interiors I have seen.

Sun roof, leather, ride comfort, smooth linear feel of engine and drivetrain. Many complain the 4 cylinder does not have enough power but I have no complaints with it and fell it is well balanced to the vehicle. I drove Ford's V6 escape and felt it drove slow, harsh and got worse gas mileage.

The handling is amazing.

XM radio, dash controls, power moonroof, leather seats and safety features.

Styling. Acceleration. Lack of road noise. CD changer. Headlight field of vision at night. Wipers with a delay!! Fuel economy.

Overall looks, navigation system. XM radio. Storage room. Fit and finish. Honda's reputation for quality.

We loved the new fit and feel of the new designed control panel location and color and the new shifter is really nice! This is the first vehicle we have owned with a sun roof. We love it and use it much more than we thought we would!

One touch drivers window up/down; one touch moonroof open/close; ambient interior lighting; back seats slide forward/back, tilt, and fold up. 

A very nice and well thought out car. Everything seems just right. Rear seat leg room and comfort was important for us, and this beat out all the other 4WD wagons we looked at. Safety features and 4-wheel drive are very good for the price. Little noise when moonroof or even windows are open.



Navigation system with voice commands - very cool! Stereo options galore -single CD, CD Changer, AM, FM, XM radio, MP3/WMA memory card, or any other aux. device I'd like to add.

Moves in snow with no problem and that was a major concern

Built in XM and stereo controls on the steering wheel, comfortable seats, lots of leg room in the back,"conversation" mirror, lots of cup holders, the car gets lots of compliments from passers by, comfortably fits my two large dogs, with room for luggage and stuff.

The seats are literally as high as my deriere and easy to slide into

Body design, fit and finish, color choices, big rims & tires, pleasure to drive, blue instruments, MPG indicator, AWD for snow in winter, safety features like ABS & six airbags, folding seats and cargo area, optional rubber floor mats, good stereo, driver height and front visibility, good mileage.

Navigation & curb appeal.

Seat comfort, gas mileage, handling for an CUV. Sound system, and exterior presence. Feels like a luxury vehicle in EXL trim.

Love having floor space in between the front seats by the radio. Place to put your purse. Makes you feel like you have more room. Love the hatch shelf. Easy to haul 4 golf bags!. Lots of storage. 

Navigation, roomy back seat 

Quality inside and out. Standard feature content. You name it, it most likely will have it (too many to list!) Large interior for exterior size, rear seat room, reclining rear seats, Gas mileage over 30mpg actually recorded! Very intuitive interior. Large front windshield.

I like the style, the superb ride and great mpg... it is a winner!

The one touch sunroof (which my TSX didnt have), everything else is great, but its all very similar to my other car. 

