Great looking car! Corners like a cat on carpet. Very fuel efficient. Cheap to maintain. Good visibilty. With Anti-Lock Brakes and Electronic Brakeforce Distribution, it stops like you threw out an anchor, even while cornering. Very powerful A/C and it doesn't lug the engine while in use.

Decent styling, pretty good fuel efficiency, great warranty, and fun to drive.

Fuel Economy

Fun to drive, money saver.

The color. Tango Red. The only thing it has going for it. The gas mileage and cost aren't worth the sacrifice of a life.

Quiet car and I enjoy the stick shift.

I rarely use the heater because just having it off typically it gets too hot just from the air coming in off the engine, Its small and easy to maneuver. 

The exterior look, and color options!

It's fun to drive, and the seats are very comfortable, both front and back.

Car styling lines and cute looks, air conditioning, firm seats.

gas mileage, size, hatchback, radio, fun to drive, outstanding warranty

Leather wrapped steering wheel, precise feel through corners, styling is very nice for a small econobox. Fairly roomy inside for a small car. Engine is extremely quiet at hot idle, you almost can't tell it's running.

Power everything, 16 inch Tires with the spots suspension, Road side assistance and good performance with a smooth ride. Good job Hyundai

Fuel economy; fun-to-drive aspect; the air conditioning is fantastic.

I do like the interior, and exterior design it looks sporty, and the orange color i got is pretty cool, sound system is great also!

It is roomy on the inside. It gets good gas milage. 



Rims, Gas Mileage, Warranty, Safety Rating

NONE



The remote entry, folding rear seats, automatic drivers window

Idles dead silent and rips fairly smoothly to red line. Good headroom. Tall doors. Key fob unlocks hatch. Excellent cornering. Impressive stopping distance with ABS/EBD brakes and other safety features lower insurance cost. Rear seat bottom folds up and seat back folds down for LOTS of cargo space. 

The body of the car is very nice and I get compliments on it all the time.

It's actually pretty sporty and fun to drive. It handles like a go-cart. Best looking car for the price. Way cooler looking than the Nissan Versa. The 6 speaker system is pretty good with the deck I put in. TONS of room on the inside. I'm 6'2" 220, and I feel small inside this car, believe it or not

price and warranty, gas mileage, large cabin size.

Value for dollar...General appearance. MPG.... Fuel will not go down in price...



Price, Warranty, Quality Build, Stereo, Rear Wiper, Fog Lights, Rims and Reliability.

Everything except the mileage and snow handling

I love how the steering handles. Tight, responsive, great turning radius. It's also got a very peppy little 4 cylinder engine that's a real gas miser, and that's important in these days of high priced fuel. 

Handling, just my old Civic Si



Mileage, style, comfort, value. I don't compare this car to a BMW because it's not a BMW. It's a 9,000 Hyundai. Best value for the dollar. 

Comfortable interior, good looks, good fuel economy

You need the sports package because with out it the car isn't nearly as much fun and it has much better control with the 16" tires too.

The color (Ice Blue), acceleration getting on the freeway, Milage I was getting BEST 27, now I get 32-34, sometimes more depending on how slow I go LOL

Vanity mirrors the height adjustment on the drivers seat all the extra lights trunk, glove box mirror.

I like the body style. The interior is nicely laid, but the door pannels do scrach easly keeping them armored reduces that. handles very well with very little roll. 

I love the MPG, the driver seat with the 8 way seat, airbag everywhere.

Cost - fuel economy - solid build quality

ride, mileage, pretty good looking for an econolunchbox, nice interior even with the basic package...I don't have power windows or locks...

I'm about 6'4" and I have more headroom than in my '00 Durango! Great sounding stereo. Wonderful car around town. Very sharp-looking vehicle. Initial build quality is outstanding!

MPG!! Safety features and ratings.

Gas Mileage and having 8 air bags. Yes 8! Airbags both in the front seats and rear seats

Rear hatch unlocks with keyfob. Very precise steering and handling but you have to tolerate a choppy ride.

Ice Blue Color. Ability to purchase a vehicle without the cost of all the unneeded "thrills" that other manufacturers are putting on their cars.

The overall performance of the car & the cd player/sound system. :)

sporty suspension and fog lamps

small size but still plenty of interior room, sharp handling, good gas mileage

Styling, handling, turning radius, split fold down back seats, visibility and of course the airbags.

Zippy get-up-and-go Great MPG Car seat clips Cup holders Large trunk space Overall sporty look of the car Value 

Roomy cabin, style, quietness.

1- 16 inches alloy rims 2- Superb handling in curves. 3- Very responsive engine with minimun effort and noides. 4- Beautiful interior design. 5- A small car that acts like a super sedan. 6- Very responsive sterring wheel handling. 7- Great driver visibility and excellent right and left mirrors

5 - year road side assistance and to top it off, the toll-free number is written right on the glass - so no fumbling for a manual if something happens! That goes to show you the thought put into this vehicle. The fabric is quite nice ( I got black) and back seat headroom for this 6'4" was good!

 Spacious enough.. comfortable enough.. fast enough.. Cheap enough

great exterior look, good acceleration, easy to drive.

room,stero , handling, looks, room, non-complicated features, gas mileage, interior (great aftermarket stuff) Simplicity Made Good Looking

110 HP engine, huge space at the back considering its a hatchback, sport suspension 23% stiffer at the back makes a good take off.

Great looking car. Stylish with an adeqaute audio system in my opinion.

ride and comfort,quiet ride and good suspension.impressive acceleration.great warranty.

Nice exterior styling, very comfortable interior for a small car, good ergonomics, excellent handling, fun to drive, solid build quality, many nice standard features

The overall quality of the car is excellent. I wanted a small, economic comfortable car with air conditioning and an automatic transmission for city and suburban driving. I've got it! As an unexpected bonus, it's great on the freeways too!

Smooth ride and responsive transmission

Easy, smooth, soft premium compact vehicle drive feeling, high seat giving good visibility, quality interiors for its class, better than bigger rivals, good in curves, very good stability, very good sound for its price, nice rooom inside, good trunk space and fuel economy, cup holders for every one. 

Once you get familiar with the car it is a peppy little car loaded with big car extras.

Shape... I call it "My Bubble"... It reminds me of a 'thought bubble' from a cartoon. Roominess, pep.

Handles great, fuel economy is the best feature.

6'3" driver with 110 daily round trip miles and I fit comfortably. Only payed 200 over cost.

Interior lighting, instrumentation design, location of radio/CD, got a great deal from my dealership, safety features, exterior style, tires/wheels, leather wrapped steering wheel/adjustable, sturdy seats.

Handling, short gearing, looks

For a inexpensive car, it came loaded with all the power devices. Added the sun roof and great radio/6 cd player. Even has fog lights. Because of many safety features, insurance was also less.

hatchback

Great combo of efficiency, fun and practicality

Mileage and it is pretty peppy!!

Ice cold air and power everything. along with the spunk for interstate driving.

For an inexpensive car this car has a bunch of goodies available for a low price.

Zippy in town and on the interstate road, nice radio, comfy seats, back seats fold flat, cold air for hot days, 37 mpg

Quality, Sporty look and feel, Styling, Fuel economy, PRICE!

ride, comfort , economy, killer stereo

the engine is very peppy have to get used to more power. the 1.6 is almost twice as strong as my gsi.....has a nice exhaust note too!

