Blue Tooth Technology Backup camera with right side mirror that tilts, which makes this car easy to park. The controls are at your fingertips. Great power. It has a lot of room for a little SUV.

Tech package, leather, 410 watt sound system.

Premium sound system, Blue tooth, SH-AWD

*turbo charge engine; all-wheel drive, performance tires/suspension *interior styling, displays *xenon lights, sound system, sunroof *flexible space w/ rear cargo area and 2 fold flat seats *reliability (have had 0 repair issues in 3 years)

Turbo charged, Interior design and comfort, roomy, road grip, tires, navigation system, SH-AWD, trip computer, sound system! It has the best sound system I have ever heard!

comfortable seats, torque, handling of the sh-awd

The value! AWD, AWD, AWD. Again, all the bells and whistles of a more expensive vehicle. Back up camera, sound system, MP3, Bluetooth, sunroof, Navigation, and wonderful customer service at Jackson Acura.

Styling

The handling of the RDX is a lot of fun. It feels much more like a car than an SUV.

Turbo, handling, AWD, auto climate control, tech package, interior, styling, tires, wheels

This car is fast! I also love the technology, especially the blue-tooth and back-up sensors. 



Heated seats, safety, ability to hold gear in sport mode, vehicle packaging, fit and finish.

Turbo, paddle shifter, GPS, audio, design.

The technology package I thought was fairly priced compared with most autos. I also like the all-wheel drive as I live in up-state NY and we usually have a lot of snow. Paddle shifting is nice and get you better gas mileage if used properly.

Excellent voice recognition system navi, 2.4L vtec turbo, handling, build quality, good interior materials, comfortable front seats, rear-view camera, sun sensing climate control, Xenon headlights, XM-traffic reporting, SH-AWD, cool computer with tire-pressure monitor and other stats, plenty of nooks.

Bluetooth phone, integrated navigation, heated seats and mirrors, overall size of car, 4 wheel drive, ride height, quality fit and finish, HID headlights, XM radio, aux input on radio, backup camera, passenger comfort, cornering ability, turning radius, handling stability.

Ability to speak commands to the car like radio station and temperature adds to the fun to drive quotient.

Navigation system, Bluetooth, and radio.

AWD standard, very comfortable interior, elegantly appointed, great zip for a crossover SUV.

Soft, comfortable leather seats. Navigation system. Rearview camera. Excellent handling for an suv. Interior space and head room.

Acceleration, handling, seat comfort, bluetooth, rear camera is great for backing into or out of tight spaces in urban areas

It talks to you and understand your commands.

RDX handles like a sports car. All the technology works very well (Navi with realtime traffic, handfree capability). Service intervals are tuned to the individual and monitored by the RDX. Seats are comfortable with lots of room in both front and back. Acura's reliability is among the best 



Turbo 4, Formula 1 paddles, stereo, navigation package, driver's seat, dash.

Great sounding radio and GPS.

Sports mode and paddle shifters are my favorite features of this car.

The leather seats, voice control features, handling. I also like the styling of the RDX especially the front grille area. Nice design, whoever came up with it!

Bluetooth phone system a godsend. Having fun with navigation system. Car really goes when you step on gas.

Radio.

SH-AWD, plush interior, great acceleration, great stereo, hands free blue tooth, leather, handling around corners is sweet!

Favorite features are awesome navi system, the turbo, and the all wheel drive system.

Suggested Improvements

Audio commands, sound system.

There are many. GPS, Bluetooth, real time traffic, stereo system especially DVD-As, handling and cornering, back-up camera, sunroof, interior room. Adjustable driver seat, seat warmers. Love the headlights - cool.

Navigation, Bluetooth, XM radio, sound system is awesome!!!

Navigation, sound system is awesome, comfort.

All the technology. The nav system is the best on the market. The real time traffic info, blue tooth connected phone system (also the best out there), and the back-up camera. This SUV is the perfect size for passengers (I'm 6'3" and have plenty of head and leg room), the cargo space is plenty big.

The navigation system's voice control is responsive, the sound system (on the tech package) is awesome! Great sound quality & it will play all sorts of formats. The sporty, modern interior is luxurious.

Turbo, nav. system, sound system.

All wheel drive, cargo handling, tech package.

I have the RDX-Tech and love the stereo. I can't believe the quality of the sound. The DVD-As sound the best, but the Dolby ProLogic for CDs and XM radio sounds great too - much better than without. I can't believe the acceleration/power coming from a little 4 cylinder, too. Fun car to drive.

Bluetooth phone capability, GPS, interior comfort and turbo pep. No it's not a screamer but great in it's unmatched class in my book.

The looks and driving experience.

Love the voice-activated navigation system. Stereo sounds great and live traffic info... incredible! Love the iPod plug-in as well.

Comfortable seats. Fun to drive, Handling. Console.

Can't think of one, I pretty much like overall everything.

Technology package & sound system. Good power and handling system. iPod hookup & storage are great. 

Awesome interior and sharp ext. A lot of power and very user friendly Nav with voice command. The audio is unbelievable. 

Great ride quality. Good comfort, handling, and visibility.

Navigation, sound, huge center bin. Quick off the line.

Interior design is phenomenal. SH-AWD is just transcendent. 

Backup cam and passenger mirror tilt-down during reverse, 5.1 surround, nav system, HF bluetooth. By the way, there is a place made for coin storage. It's underneath the center console door.

Great night lighting and stereo system.

Pickup over 3500 RPM. Notebook storage in center console. That I'm the only person on the road with one (they aren't selling, that's why!)

Fabulous interior and technology features. Best Nav system PERIOD, stunningly good sound system... and that's it.

The audio system is great for this class of vehicle, handles great, turbo kicks in nicely.

Tech Package. $12,000 worth of options for $3,500

Quickness, comfort and interior features.

Nav and interior look with XM and tech package. Also handling and aceleration.

Killer sound system, voice commands, super handling, superior quality. 

Great handling, a lot of passing power, large center console storage capable of storing laptops, bright easy to read dash, reversable hard cover for storage area, roomy enough back seating for adults on moderate trips.

The Turbo on this car is excellent. Accelerates and corners with no problems or hesitations. Bumps an imperfections on the road are not an issue. 

Back-up camera, voice-activated NAv system, HandsFree link, peripheral vision of headlights, deep console for storage

Love the voice recognition, DVD-nav, sound system, and bluetooth. Also, I cannot believe how much I am enjoying the XM satellite radio. A blast to drive.

Navi, bluetooth, voice commands, GORGEOUS blue/white instrument panel, top notch cockpit.

Technology package, turbo engine and interior & exterior design.

Navigation system, audio system, rear camera, tire pressure monitor and voice interaction.

The turbo & driving fun.

Great performance and handling.

With the Tech Package I love the hands free phone system, the high tech navigation system and the awesome surround sound. All of which can be easily controlled through the voice recognition technology. I'm finding excuses to drive my RDX just to listen to the sound system. 

Tech package: Bluetooth phone, nav system and stereo system are fantastic! 



F1 paddle shifters, sh-awd, variable turbo, nav, sound system.

Style, comfort, handling, the middle laptop storage, the seats, headroom in the rear, stereo is pretty good.

Handling, dash, power over 2000 RPM, fit and finish.

The technology package is awesome and the sound system and bluetooth technology is something you can't live without. Storage compartments are sufficient, especially the roomy console storage bin.

Turbo,Looks,Interior,Very cold Air,XM radio



Technology is amazing- stereo, nav, voice recognition software, blue tooth phone connectivity all work great

Interior, Sound System, and the TURBO POWER Engine....FAST!! FYI... Get the IPOD hookup in the dash...it's COOL!



Interior confort and handeling

Tech package! Every car shoud have the handsfree bluetooth connectivity.

Performance, cockpit, stereo, visiblity, driving dynamics.

My navigation system 

XM is nice and the headlights are aimed just right.

Nice technology (bluetooth, stereo, XM, etc.). Handling. Finish.

The super handling awd grid, paddle shifters, and how effortless everything works. The rear stadium seating is great. 

SH-AWD, turbo, stereo, seats, storage.

Acceleration, handling, great stereo, lots of buttons, AWD, 1/4" input for iPod, volume controls on left side of steering wheel, sport suspension, dash layout very high-tech, back up camera, large middle storage bin, braking, lots of custom computer set-up options, bluetooth very clear.

Paddle shifters and sports-car feel. Super-handling all-wheel drive is great.

Nav, radio, AWD.

Great handling and ride height. Factory stereo is pretty good too.

SH-AWD, turbo power, surround-sound audio, nav/bluetooth system, moonroof, heated leather seats.

Love the GPS with real-time traffic. Backup camera is so helpful. Tilting right side mirror when backing up. Comfortable interior. Exterior look is beautiful. 

The nav system is superb. The handling is great and the interior is comfortably laid out. I agree with others that they should have included a memory drivers seat & auto-dimming mirror, but I now see that they've done it with the 2008 model.

Turbo power technology system - navigation, bluetooth, audio system, safety features - wrap around airbags, safety sensors.

Navigation, XM radio, voice activated everything, and bluetooth.

Turbo, SH-AWD, stereo, removable rear deck.

Handling, grip, acceleration, interior comfort and space, navigation (with live traffic), sound system, moonroof, bluetooth, good looks, compact size.

Seats, speakers, mp3 input jack, SHAWD is great on roads that wind. 

SH-AWD, paddle shifters, handling, quality build, turbo!



XM radio, great lumbar support in the driver's seat, good feel at the wheel.

Tech package is good

SH AWD, Bluetooth, ELS sound system, MP3 jack.

Obviously the stereo kicks and all the other tech features are great - love the back up camera! Acceleration in 2nd, 3rd and 4th gears is incredible around 4000 rpm. Passing a car on the highway is a piece of cake in this thing and the handling is incredible.

The audio and navigation system are absolutely wonderful!

Handling, 10 speaker audio, navigation, seats, fun-to-drive factor.

Great ride and handling. Versatile for everyday use.

Seats, radio, awesome handling.

Standard equipment, auto-down passenger mirror in reverse (love this feature), turbo boost that seems to never quit, high speed acceleration is thrust!

Love the turbo but the sound system is a close second. Handling is crisp and driving is fun!

Zoned air conditioning, big GPS screen with lots of options like different routes to my object location.

Even though I wish I could return the vehicle it has some really great features. Once the turbo kicks in, the amount of power is awesome. The handling is excellent for an SUV (or even a car) and makes for a very confident and fun ride. The SHAWD is wonderful and the Bluetooth is excellent.

Navigation, invisible bra, turbo, interior.

Sports handling with and SUV ride height. Voice command and integrated bluetooth are bonuses.

The seats are really comfortable and the navigation system will take you just about anywhere.

Tech package, voice recognition, great handling, SH-AWD, strong turbocharged engine, great visibility all around, rearview camera, lots of cabin room, classy but sporty interior, rugged exterior, amazing 10 speaker sound system.

The best tech features are the voice-activated navigation system and the ELS sound system. The interior as a whole is beautifully designed with pleasing textures and firm, but comfortable seating. Best performance features: paddle shifters, excellent steering and handling; near-zero lag turbo thrust

The so-called Super Handling All Wheel Drive lives up to its name. Fantastic stability and confidence-inspiring handling. Add the benefit of superior wet road handling in my rainy climate and I couldn't be happier. The stereo rivals the best I've experienced in a motor vehicle. 

Bluetooth, voice activated controls, and navigation.

Bluetooth, voice recognization, navigation system, turbo, SH-AWD, AUX input for my iPod, DVD-Audio.

The storage! We also test drove a Honda CR-V before we bought (they are on the same platform) and there is much more storage in the RDX. The front middle console is huge and can hold a woman's large purse.

Technology package.



Fantastic nav system, fabulous ELS sound system, comfortable seats, great styling, perfect exterior dimensions, great handling (SH-AWD).

Technology package adds the toys I use most. Bluetooth to my cell phone, navigation system with traffic reporting all great things. I have found no real use for the paddle shifters. Handling is great, it's like driving a sports car!!

The driver's seating area is like your own world. Everything is an easy reach, almost like a cockpit. Appearance and finish is very sleek and up-to-date. Quiet interior, sound system.

Everything.

Appearance; acceleration; comfortable interior; AWD; XM radio.

Rear view camera and live traffic on the GPS. AWD feels very secure during a recent rain in the mountains. Safety as IIHS Top Safety Pick Gold.

The turbo charged engine and the super handling all wheel drive is what makes this SUV feel more like a sports sedan.

Backup cameras. Turbo engine and SH- AWD. 5.1 surround sound. And hands down: tech package. 

Great stereo system. Love being able to plug my iPod into this sound system. Tech package is great. The navigation system is easy to use very effective. The turbo engine coupled with the AW-SHD makes this vehicle perform like a sports sedan and handle like one. Handles great in snow!

Tech package is a must! Nav package is great and back-up camera works pretty well. Sound system is great! I recommend getting the auto dimming mirror, rear area rubber tray and the rear bumper appliqué to help prevent scratches from the bumper when loading/unloading.

The handling is outstanding as is the sound system with the tech package. One touch voice commands make changing the climate and XM radio stations easy. All of the features combine to make each trip, no matter the length, exciting. Driving is no longer a chore, it is a pleasure. 

Great interior design (ergonomic). Technology package. Overall quality. Zippy engine. Nice sound system.

Tech package without question - voice command is spot on, bluetooth with my Treo 700w works great. Fold down backseat and easy open trunk (can open with your pinky finger) are very nice for my wife. Price is very competetive - I was lucky to get fleet pricing so great deal for me.

Everything is fabulous but the radio automatically turns down when the vehicle slows down. Cool!

Tons of technology, stereo, fit and finish, overall ride.

Sportscar-like handling, turbo, Super Handling All-Wheel Drive, plush interior. Competitively priced versus comp., Acura/Honda reliability.

Turbo with no lag - handles like a car. SH-AWD handling in winding hilly roads of California. Acura Navigation Link System. The 5.1 Channel Surround DVD-A System. High reliability. It has the best luxury to price to pride-of-ownership ratio.

Nav package is outstanding. Stereo sound is 10+, AWD handling fantastic, especially in snow. 

You simply must get the technology package. I cannot fathom owning the RDX without it. One of my favorite features is the voice activation. Everything on this car becomes voice activated with the tech package! My friends still cannot get over it. I also love the audio system. It's one of the best!

Interior design, SH AWD, turbo charged engine.

Handling, power, turbo boost, interior controls, stereo sound, plays mp3 cds, exterior fit and finish, HID low beams.

Nav, radio and XM traffic are all great. Pep, handling and braking are all superlative for a small SUV. Fit and finish are high end. Great interior storage.

Heated seats & mirrors, paddle shifters, turbo, styling, stereo and comfort. 

AWD, beautiful leather interior, satellite radio, xenon headlights, sporty exterior styling.

Heated seats, turbo (a lot of fun), power, and incredible handling.

Tech features, seat comfort.

Perforated leather seats, handsfree bluetooth, 18" alloys, super-handling all-wheel drive, hissing turbo!

Motor, suspension, navigation, voice recognition, bluetooth, interior design.

SH-AWD, audio system, rear camera, Handsfree link.

Auto up on windows, Sport option, dual climate zone, lumbar support.

VERY comfortable seats, perfect storage for your laptop b/w the 2 front seats, comfortable , engaging driving experience, GREAT visiblity, handles like a car, even around turns and great brakes, quality inside and out. Great safety feature - SW-AWD system. Save $ buy your own nav. system. :)

Love the turbo and shift paddles. The seat warmers and AWD were very handy during recent ice storms; I felt safe and comfortable. 

The interior is so comfortable.

Nav, audio system and backup camera (the entire tech package).

The Technology Package is excellent. The sound system is fantastic! Also, the interior fit and finish is phenomenal, especially when compared to the CX-7, the Murano, the RAV4, the X-3, the Highlander, and the Outlander. And lastly, I really love the way the RDX drives and handles!

Technology package

Technology package. Seating. Handling. Stereo (10 speakers). Comfort. Paddle shifters. Rear back-up camera.

