

roomy

stereo system performance. excellent gas milage. everything is great

Visibility, crome accents, ease of controls, interior room, no squeaks or rattles, driving refinement compared to most domestic cars, mp3 stereo, 30city 38hwy mpg, lively 2.0L, smooth shifts, quiet, 6 standard airbags, great brake feel, gauge cluster, air filtration, power heated mirrors, TPMS.

It's responsive. The trim and interior measures up. And it's not a bad car for the highway. Quieter than I expected after reading former reviews...

I love the inside comfort and the ride. It is a little loud at times, and when the AC is on, you can feel the car "push." All power. This is the PERFECT car for an all around car for the price. Hopefully the Kia name will gain popularity like Honda, Toyota and Nissan.

Styling, comfort, dash layout and design.

keyless entry, sound system, map lights, comfortable seat, and very roomy.

All of the above.

MP3 jack. Nice interior with attractive fit and finish. Smooth ride. Quiet ride. Good acceleration. Nice keyless entry features on a super-low priced car. 

Noiseless engine, fuel economy, decent sound system, comfortable seats, front headlight design.

Styling and safety features

FUEL ECONOMY! I cannot stress this enough, I spend about $30 a week on gas, and still put on about 30k mi a year. Constantly surprises people when I let them drive it, they are expecting a weak econobox, and get surprised by the pickup

Straightforward, simple dash and controls. Good torque and power, great cruiser at all speeds up to 100. Heat, air, defrost all function well. Excellent handling and brakes. This car is a joy to drive, it's instinctive and about drives itself. Great warranty. 



Roomy, quiet, fun to drive and so far very reliable. We now have 23,400 miles on it. 

I like the handling and the power this car has. This really surprised me and especially for the gas mileage.

All the power goodies included in the base price.

Better car than the press lets on. Handles very well, responsive brakes, great ride. The room inside surprised my 6+ foot tall friends. Edmund's says the engine is noisy but it has a great 4 cylinder growl when accelerating and its not all that loud. If Toyota sold it the press would love it.

Roomy, modern interior; well-placed gadgets; rear cup holders; map lights, smooth ride; roomy trunk; lighted glove compartment; six air bags; heated external mirrors; and the price.

Power everything, keyless entry

6 CD stereo is super, cargo compartment very nice, alloy wheels are great, mirror and rear defoger with wiper is very nice. Roomy cabin is very comfortable, 5 speed tranny is responsive and smooth.

I like the inside. All power options (except the sunroof). The console is nice and very user friendly and has the CD player. I love it! Very comfortable roomy front.

Power everything, heated mirrors and back window for winter driving, good mileage, price, and warranty. Again, all-round good value.

Quiet ride, thud when you shut the door, don't understand why some people seem to need a compass, I find them to be annoying.

Six airbags and alarm system, great fuel mileage, wonderful handling, nice styling, good placement for controls. A warranty that is matched only by Hyundai.

Fuel economy, ergonomics, styling.

Quietness, excellent interior quality, great radio/CD, fuel economy, smooth ride.

Gosh what's not to like. There are so many cool features on the model I bought. The only thing I don't have that I did in prior vehicle (Pathfinder) is power seats and leather seats. I don't miss the power adjustment and leather. That stuff is always cold or hot!

Some of my favorite features include the comfortable seats, roomy feel, gas mpg and the electric orange color!

I love the 2 tone dash. I got the beige interior. I love the style of the car and the safety features.

Impossible to leave the headlights on, accidentally. When you open the driver side door all head lights and interior lights shut off automatically. Other manufacturers may have this too, but this is the first time I took note of that feature. Great front speakers! (See also improvements). Storage!

Everything especially the interior room.

Styling, solid construction, acceleration, price, warranty.

Great styling, smooth drive, excellent gas mileage, comfortable. Driver's seat adjusts three ways! Quiet, power everything, lots of storage, 60/40 split rear seat, iPod input, head and leg room, turns on a dime! Air conditioner quiet and cool! Cruise control standard. I'm averaging about 32MPG - sweet!

Quality built, fuel economy, roomy, great looking appearance, not much not to like about this car. Love the 5 speed, shifts like butter.

The long list of standard features and the short list of options. I bought one fully equipped and I enjoyed doing so.

Alloy wheels and standard options, MP3 player/iPod jack, terrific interior design and smart hatch opening design that gives you maximum floor space with seats down all the way to the hatch; great storage pockets, nets, etc. Best warranty out there and lowest starting price.

iPod audio input, tire pressure monitoring system, 6 airbags.

MP3 aux port to play my iPod; trunk opens by pressing button on key FOB; fuel mileage.

Easy to get in/out. Comfortable ride. Good acceleration, fairly quiet for small car, great handling. Exterior looks amazing for price of car. Gas mileage will ease your pain at the pump.

Power everything. Great air conditioner. Very quiet for a compact. So far gas mileage. Good acceleration in the city. Functional dash design - easy to reach and use. Standard tire pressure sensor for each tire!! Really!

Aux radio input, gas milage, head room, leg room, control layout, hatchback, quietness (relative to other small cars).



Variety of airbags, keyless entry, great A/C, 4 wheel disk brakes.

5 door, 16"alloy wheels, heated mirrors, cupholders galore.



