6.1 Hemi...plain and simple is my favorite. Next would be the exterior design. Challenger proponents give me a hard time with the sedan styling..but any sedan that can give a "sucking seat" effect deserves some lee way.

roomy comfort interior and smooth ride.

The Boston Acoustics System, The Look and the overall interior space of the car.

Comfort, acceleration, handling!

Exterior styling hands down. Everyone is completely hypnotized by this car. I know that look, before I bought mine... I had that look too.

6.1L HEMI Handling Aggressive styling. How it makes me feel 20 years old again!

the smooth ride and quiet acceleration, perfectly comfortable seats, awesome speakers, the sleek, muscular build

Pipe hittin' V8! The sound at start shakes the soul & gets your senses salivating for more. The seats are supportive yet very comfortable. They are not harsh in any way. It feels like a big hug. The hands free Uconnect is an excellent feature...using it a lot. The Performance Meter!

Body style and highway performance (when the transmission doesn't interfere)

Mean look. Very aggressive and precise turning. 

20 inch factory rims really grabs attention, the throaty mufflers are a bonus. 5.7 L engine that sounds like a corolla on the highway, but a corvette on local. 

Mean looking front end/scoop. The incredible power and adjustable ESP. The fact that you get a free SRT Track Experience with purchase. Great day of driving. 



Great gas mileage, smooth ride, lots of room, comparatively cheap.

Agility for such a big car and the comfort/quiet ride for a muscle car. Great balance achieved.

The Boston Acoustic stereo. Of course the 5.7 Hemi. The MDS feature was a selling point for me, due to traveling a lot. The "Auto Stick" is a fun feature.

A/T transmission, A/C, Spacious interior, 

The "HEMI" and the ride. Love to show the battery in the trunk! Hard not to sign up for the second year of SIRIUS radio, first year free. Passing is a breeze.

Quality of build/nice power/beautiful looks

lots of power, nice lines

Gas mileage, great acceleration when needed, awesome muscle car looks especially for a four door, smooth ride, leather heated seats, plenty of room for my family! You get a lot of car for the price! 

The HEMI is the best, navigation, sports car that can fit the family

The sound and the power are both invigorating. The aggressive front end. COLD air conditioner. Very roomy. 

Auto Stick, HEMI,Top of the line Interior, Traction Control on, off switch(tire smoke). Handling Suspension upgrades. Independent rear suspension, 4 wheel large disc brakes. Rear seat backs fold down for unlimited truck length. Ride adjusted for control (anti skid) and height to adjust for weight.

everything.

Looks great on the outside. Plenty of interior room.

Power and handling, and the exterior because I modified it with rims and tints and royal blue hid's....

The exterior hands down looks incredible. Engine is solid too.

Muscle from hemi, styling, handling, muscle car with luxury appearance. Stereo system is awesome, comfortable ride.

engine and auto stick fold down back seats. might be too many to list.

The body style takes me back to the old chop tops. The mean looking front design makes you look like you mean business.

Ride, handling, room, comfort. SE version had a minimum of fake metallic trim details inside. Black two tone interior.

The performance, styling and room. Most performance cars have a very small back seat, barely enough for two adults. This car has room for three adults easy. The ride is great at slow as well as fast speeds so I'm not tempted to put pedal to the metal all the time. Basically I like everything.

The auto-stick transmission gives me that sports car feel when I want to shift manually.

Looks and acceleration.

Heated seats, mp3, auto tint rearview ,bluetooth

Gas mileage, instant speed, aggressive, tough look, room for the family inside

The favorite feature is obviously the engine/braking performance. The comfort of the front seats. Finally the eye popping good looks.

Controls/computer on the steering wheel. Sunroof. Sirius radio. ESP. Very comfortable seats. This car has the best looking front end (grill) on any car on the road. I like how high the car sits - good for my back/posture. Also like the chunky body - looks massive and powerful.

The look is incredible. Gas mileage is better than expected. I feel like I'm in a tank. The ride is fantastic. Can't speak highly enough. So far it is the best car I've ever owned. Even my husband, a die-hard truck fanatic, likes to drive it.

The digital display in the speedometer takes some getting used to, but it's awesome.

The seats are more comfortable and hold onto you when you corner sharply. The dash is laid out well with easy to see and reach controls. The electronics display is very useful.

Leather interior & seat heaters.

AWD, Hemi, Sirius, leather, exhaust note. Base sound system is excellent. Quality of construction, paint, the engine compartment is even cool. Washing the car is easy as well.

I'd be lying if I didn't love the Hemi! I bought the Road & Track package, which has the upgraded seats; they really cradle you. I'm impressed with how nimbly a car of this size handles.

The Hemi of course. It runs great and sounds great. You will be noticed driving this car. Heads turn and people will stop to look. Gas mileage is decent and better than I had expected. In normal driving situations I am averaging 22mpg. Driving fast though I only get 19mpg. But still not bad.

Consistency in power and torque throughout all RPMs and the front appearance.

Interior of the R & T package just makes this car stand out. Add to it the 20 inch chrome clad wheels and its a looker for sure.

Body style and the interior room.

Great engine, 4 door muscle car, good looks, amazing seats in Daytona, lots of features for cheap price

The great styling, Sirius radio, power of the Hemi engine, comfort of the front seats, nice size trunk, smooth ride, and clean look of the dash.

Comfort of interior and usefulness. Sirius radio. Controls are easy to use. The rumble of the Hemi engine. Handling of the car and solid feel. Styling gets noticed no matter where you are. 



The aggressive looking exterior, the rumble of the exhaust, and the well-bolstered seating.

Lots of attention to style of interior, such as lime green stitching in seats, steering wheel, and shifter. Oh yeah, the Hemi!

Everything! It is sharp to look at. Fast, yet economical. Roomy, you can haul the family around and still be yourself!

Braking. Handling. Responsiveness.

Very roomy and comfortable interior. Smooth and quiet highway ride. Great sound system.

Factory navigation and 6 CD changer. I have the upgraded Boston Acoustics stereo in mine and it rocks. Sounds very very good. The seats are very comfortable on long trips and I have the heated ones. Very roomy back seat. No one complained once on a 300 mile trip. Very roomy trunk.

The Hemi! I love the Sirius radio that is standard on the R/T. I have power seats and power pedals which is nice for someone who is short like me.

The 6.1 liter Hemi, Brembo brakes, and the look.

Power, handling. Great sound system. Only 1,000 built. Seats.



Front and side air bags, big block feel, DVD, NAV system.

RWD, 5-Speed Auto-Shift, 24V OHC engine not like GM with its V6 OHV engines

The tough look and the sound the engine makes

Very comfortable seats, huge interior, awesome 3.5 engine power, high interior quality, awesome gauge cluster design, and very affordable prices. Interiorwise, the Charger is A+, for the buck. I absolutely love the front end design!

The Hemi!

Excellent looks. Great ride and interior room. Good mileage and performance out of the V6.

Room, rear wheel drive

The comfort of the front seats is great, and the get up and go of the 5.7L Hemi is awesome. Instrumentation is good. Sound system is good. Lots of storage room in the center console and glovebox.



Body style will never go out of style. Seat design is great

