Truck, Duh! Towing, Decent horse power for how many MPG i got with it. 22city/26fwy.

Lots of room



Four doors, traction control, handling and style.

Option to switch to 4 wheel drive on the fly

Fun to drive & great gas mileage

The Colorado is fun to drive and feels solid on the road. I have the electronic traction control and had no trouble getting around in the snow.

Lots of room inside and height is perfect, no ladder needed to get in and do not have to crawl down into. 

Handling, brakes, and fuel economy

Low maintence cost. Excellent acceleration, seat comfort, attractive design. Nice head room

Cruise, a/c, lots of leg room!

Cabin space

While it is loaded with every option, including power sunroof, I wouldn't say it has any features that you can't get on another car, or truck. So to say "favorite" features...I like power options. Hey, I traded a 2002 Cadillac DeVille in on my Colorado, so I might be a little spoiled on features.

Good gas mileage. Very reliable. Big enough to be useful but small enough to be affordable. CD player plays MP3 CD's.

Exterior lights, powertrain

Rides like a car. Has four wheel independent suspension so it sways on turns but that's okay.

The looks, the interior, stands up well to high mileage and heavy abuse.

Good gas mileage. Good features for the price. Big enough to be comfortable but small enough to be manageable. Decent build quality. CD player plays MP3 CD's.

Great to drive. Has the Chevy truck look.

The room of the interior fits our small family fine. Nice sounding radio. Looks of the z71 pkg. Pulls a trailer with 2 fourwheelers with no problem.

XM Radio

Ride, smooth engine, great improvement over S10.

XM radio

Size, looks.

The headlights are quite good, the layout of the instruments are great, and the shifter is where it should be.

Leather seating, power seats, heated seats, XM radio, sunroof.

mom likes the look and the ride

I like the auto lights, the comfortable seats, and the extended cab doors open

Rides really good and it is quiet at speed. Passing power is good from 50-70 but you have to use 3rd gear. Factory receiver hitch is a nice feature. Ride height of the z85 suspension package is good for hooking up to a trailer.



Engine VORTEC DOHC 3.7L I-5, exterior, smooth transmission, nice handling and braking, power driver seat adjuster, power convenience package, sound and sun package, front and side air bags, G80. Warranty, incentives.

Exterior looks. Sport trim is nice. Very roomy for regular cab. Fast.

I liked the look

Impressive horsepower, smooth transmission. 





Exterior looks and gas mileage.

3.7l I5 is peppy enough for me and I can park it anywhere with ease. No longer have to park at the rear of the parking lot. Fuel economy is good too. New 5 year 100k mile warranty is also a nice perk.

The looks and ride and the way it drives.

LT1 and preferred power options group; Responsive and "torquey" 2.9L I4; Style; GM's new '07 100k warrenty; Build quality; Overall Ride; and Value.

Engine is powerful, yet fuel efficient.

Good color on the tires

4wd, tow package, block heater

Good steering, decent braking. Interesting shifting with the 5-speed.



