Liked the looks of the car.

Roomy cabin. V6 has a lot of get up and go. Reasonable pricing.

I enjoy the 4WD, cruise control, comfortable seats, stereo, cargo space, passenger space, and driveability of this vehicle.

CD STEREO, TRACTION CONTROL, 4X4, FOLD DOWN SEATS, FULL SIZE SPARE TIRE!

Looks and the way it handles.

looks

Remote radio controls, 4x4 selector switch, engine power and transmission u-shift feature.



Pretty good acceleration, pretty good exterior design , and pretty good passing power on the highway. Love the growling sound when you accelerate.

Interior quality, power and performance.

ABS, Stability Control, Solid feel of vehicle overall. Quiet cabin. It pulls a 16 ft Stratos bass boat with no problems whatsoever. The engine is an absolute beast for this size vehicle. Incredible. 

The interior features with the burnished walnut trim - very deluxe in appearance. Convenience of controls and console. Heating system, though no rear heat or air, circulates beautifully. Much better than my Explorer did. 

Truly love everything about our Sorento. When you drive it, you get this feeling of a safety and confidence. It just feels right.

Plenty of power, good visibility.

The way it handles, so easy to drive. I test drove 10 different Suv's because I was unsure of Kia. After all my test drives, the kia won. 

Engine performance 4x4 on the go 5,000 lb towing 

Power, wonderfully comfortable interior. Exterior styling is quite nice.

It is roomy, plenty of leg room for a carseat without getting dirt on the seat in front. Great gas mileage. Double phone jacks, and one in the backseat. 

Ease of handling, solid and quiet ride, power at acceleration, firm braking, safety features, dual comfort control, heated seats.

The 5-speed sport shift transmission. The mountains of Southwest Virginia and Northeast Tennessee were made for it.

The total package. The quality is first class with big power to move you out when needed. Well designed all around.

Leather seats, sunroof. There is adequate storage space and plenty of little cubby holes for coins and small items. I also recommend the all-weather floor mats. Great for rainy areas as well and mud and dirt.

Besides the solid feel of the vehicle, I like the option to shift yourself. That is when my wife lets me drive it. And the motor does not know what weak is. It is a true man among boys when compared to some other engines out there.

Michelin tires, full size spare under vehicle, more powerful engine, ability to open back glass alone or full back gate, underseat storage on front passenger seat.

Leather heated seats and sunroof.



Styling, features, performance.

Front seat area room, styling, real body/frame four wheel drive, horsepower matters.

Responsiveness.

The look! The body style is amazing, I also love all the storage space and it handles beautifully.

Value for the money. Turning radius, handling. Easy to park and maneuver in traffic. Good acceleration. 

Power, rugged on the trails and sharp looking.

Exterior design. Interior design. Smooth ride. Engine.

Moon roof, MP3 stereo, steering wheel controls, leather steering wheel, performance, safety and build quality.



We have enjoyed the large amount of legroom in the back seat, and it's a good ride as well!

Everything about it I love.

Engine, gear shift.

I enjoy the ride, not too impressed with features but OK!

Storage, beautiful interior, cargo room, good horsepower, Stereo controls on the steering wheel, lots of features for the money. The dealer did not charge me for most of the upgrades that came with the car.

Interior, ride, comfort. 

Interior is well designed, vehicle is quiet, 262 horse power is more than ample and tons of safety features.

5 speed auto, premium sound system, controls on steering wheel, heated seats, Homelink, dual climate control. I'm sure there will be more the longer I have it. 

Sitting higher when driving. Short turn radius.

4WD, interior and exterior styling, quiet engine, 263 hp, towing capacity.

Sporty transmission, engine power, the sound the doors make when you close them, visibility, and RWD performance. Plethora of air bags.

Turn radius/handling characteristics, acceleration, roomy interior, rear seats fold flat for level loading, overall comfort, solid feel, heated leather seats, excellent fog lights, outstanding warranty. 

The looks of this SUV are amazing! The engine has lots of get up and go. The sound system is also great. There's also a lot of handy storage compartments inside the Sorento.

Transmission. I love all the power and changing the gear as I please.

The vehicle has high clearance.

