I loved the comfort, the ride, the value, and the in bed trunk. The truck is full of innovations that only Honda seems to produce. 

Bad weather traction and then some...Probably one of the best winter handling vehicles that I have driven. It almost took the fun out of trying to do parking lot doughnuts because you couldn't without disabling the traction control switch.

Truck in bed, storage inside, reliability, handling, ride is amazing, STORAGE!!!

Looks, Crew cab, in bed trunk, bed, Tonneau cover, power seats, console storage (it's big), breaks.

GPS. Totally rocks! Second favorite is the trunk, perfect for my golf clubs, flowers on mothers day, and the occasional beverage for tailgating. 

Trunk, tailgate, comfort, ride.

Trunk, ride comfort, practicality, refinement, reliability, composite bed. I love giving REAL truck owners their first introduction to the Ridge. The skepticism leaves them about the same time I show them the plywood wide bed and pop the trunk. 

I love the trunk in the bed. All pickup should have one. It is huge and has a drain plug so you can ice down your drinks for tailgating etc. It handles super in any condition. The all the time all wheel drive is so sure footed you can blow through any bit water puddle or dirt road anywhere.

The storage just goes on forever. The comfort of the ride. Gas mileage, face it, 20 mpg avg is not bad at all and it doesn't require premium gas like Toyota. We really like the size of the truck. My wife says it's so easy to park and fits our garage perfect. Trust me, you can't go wrong.

Interior room, trunk, XM radio and the Navigation system.

Exterior, The trunk! Headroom climate control

Trunk in the bed; driver displays; A/C function; power; ride; acceleration; Honda relaibility; solid feel; it's a truck (it can haul and pull) but it don't ride like one, y'all.

Speedy pick up.The braking is great. I drive aggressive sometimes and I feel quite safe in this truck(I don't drive reckless,I just like to have fun with no threat to anyone. 

in-bed-trunk nav (honda's finest) heated side mirrors twin action/open tail-gate engine layout ( yes i worked on cars before so I like they way have have simplified the engine layout easy to get to any part)

Ride comfort, roadability, trunk in bed. Flat floor, VTEC v6

seating, glasshouse effect, pickup, under bed lockable trunk, confort on trips

The trunk/storage space underneath the bed.

I wanted a nice reliable truck. What I got was a jacked up Honda Accord.

Body style and ride.

A very practical, comfortable cabin. The inbed storage compartment is pretty cool as well.

Safety features, handling, comfort, storage space in cab and in (under) bed, quiet ride, interior layout and functionality. Always impresses clients without being flashy, a VERY practical vehicle for the utilitarian in you.

In-Bed Trunk, Independent Rear Suspension, It a HONDA

Trunk

Secure trunk fits my tools, more accessable than a lock box, and better lighting.

The bed lights are somewhat handy

Improtant safety features in price point. Dual climate control and sunroof. Flip up rear seats and trunk. 

Color, xm radio. Ride stability. snow driving ability. Trunk, tailgate. Automatic dual temperature controls, interior room. I can see were some experts say it is the truck of the year. It rides like a big Accord. It has met all my needs so this is my third one and doubt it will my last. 

The bed lockable storage is awesome. The interior is roomy and flexible for hauling large stuff. Rides like a car, handles well and plenty of get up and go for me. The stereo and cd player is very good. The one I like the most is the 4-wheel drive capability. It's there when you need it. I love it.

Love the navigation, I compare all Ridgelines to either have one or not. Everyone I've talked to that does own this type of Honda hasn't regretted it.

Like I said, we loved this truck until fire.

Lockable trunk, safety features, two-way tailgate, large handles and knobs, especially good in winter with gloves. Handling is superb for a truck. Stable, hangs to road like slot car. On long drives (MT to CA) - biggest problem, keeping awake, miles just tick away. Lots of innovations.

The quiet ride, reliability, power (get up and go), the cargo and passenger room, interior design, night display of speedometer etc.

Rear trunk - seals tight and has drain plug. Bed liner is standard. A/C and heat. Very nice 160 watt 6 CD changer/XM radio. Rear seat OK for a PU and folds up for large items. Quiet ride. Lots of inside places for storage of stuff. 

Driving experience. Safety. Automatic all-wheel/4-wheel/front wheel drive system

In-Bed Trunk: Works GREAT as a cooler, you can load it up with about 150 lbs of ice and any number of gallons of alcohol and its a moving tailgate party. Independent Suspension: I drive over train tracks every morning and while everyone else slows down to 5 mph, I don't even know it's there at 45 mph

In bed trunk and spare tire tray holder. The side open tailgate. Inside Head room is very good, I am 6'1. Extra large interior "Shovel Handle" door handles are great for my big hands. Steering wheel has a good fit and feel for the road. Drives like a car and works like a truck! I love it!!

Dual action tailgate, RTL model with Navi has most options that you'd ever want, under bed storage is fantastic!

Aggressive looking exterior, Automatic 4wd, interior storage.

All wheel drive, forward visibility, Handling, capacity, bed trunk and sound system.

In-bed trunk (drain plug is great when you convert it to a beer cooler for tail-gating).well thought-out interior.

Family just loves the navigation system. Useful feature is the listing of phone numbers for restaurants or businesses so you can call ahead. I appreciated the heated seats and heated mirrors in the cold months. My wife is partial to the dual AC temperature control settings. (Hers and His).

The in-bed trunk is just brilliant! I can fit two full sets of golf clubs and accessories in the trunk. During the winter, it easily accommodates my son's extra large hockey bag and skates. Power sliding rear window is a nice touch.

in bed trunk, lighting in bed, two way tailgate. build quality.

Tailgate, trunk storage, stereo and navigation.

Quiet engine, harsh climate handling capabilities (heated exterior mirrors, seats, heated windshield area near the wippers) really keep you going safely in the snow/ice, seemless operating AWD, in-bed trunk (of course), interior color (beige), quiet & confident ride, safety features

Under bed storage. Dash layout, ride and handling.

Space and comfort.

Snow handling, safety, handling, good fuel mileage for a truck

In bed trunk, dual open tailgate, comfortable ride, rear seats lift yielding more room, Honda quality. Kids love it.

Instills confidence in the driver and is fun to drive, safety features, stereo system, In-bed trunk, rear power window, interior design and quality craftsmanship.

In-Bed trunk, VTM-4 All Wheel drive system, spacious interior, comfortable ride, decent fuel economy for a truck. 



In-bed trunk (can't imagine buying a truck without it). Rainy days: kid's backpacks fit in, so I don't have to worry about cramming everything in the cab.

In-bed trunk, dual swinging tailgate, roomy interior, nifty looking tail lights.

Nice comfortable ride, good gas mileage for a truck.

The ride and the sure footedness of the AWD are superb. Tailgaters not paying attention to their speed on curves soon back off as I seldom hit the brakes. The AWD does a good job on river beds. Next lower range is good. Lockable trunk holds/hides expensive fly rods, reels, lines. and other gear.

Trunk in bed.

Build quality; Interior room & comfort; Storage under fold down rear seats perfect for fishing rods; Solid, comfortable ride; Ugly or cool, doesn't look like anything else; First thought trunk was gimmicky but it's roomy and convenient.

Safety features everywhere you look. Low emissions vehicle.

Storage, interior, exterior. It's a great truck

Moderate size, car like handling, interior room, locking trunk, storage bins

Underbed trunk, auto-slide rear window, fold up rear seats, curtain- side airbags, extra compartments, ABS, smooth ride.

Big, yet fits in the garage Whip of a cross trainer Rubber matting Electric driver seat Sunroof Roof rack Truck bed Trunk has it's place

Storage, comfortable ride, easy interior controls..you can turn on the heater without taking off your gloves.

The "trunk" in the bed is our most favorite feature. Adding the tonneau cover was well worth the extra expense. There's plenty of places to store your stuff within easy reach. It has air vents for the passengers in the back seat. The dual climate control is great since I'm hot and he's cold.

Unique looks. Nothing else like it. Handling. Trunk. Interior design. 

XM Radio, Steering Wheel controls, In- bed trunk, dual-action tailgate, comfortable seating, reconfigurable back seat, smooth transmission, quiet intereior, firm handling... I could go on, but you get the point. 

Dual action tailgate; easy fold rear seats; in bed trunk; the ride, the ride, the ride; interior room and comfort; great seats; great sound system; spare tire storage in trunk and easy access to spare with sliding tray. Again, I love this truck!

Honda chrome wheels, in bed trunk, dual action tailgate, center console, cloth seat material, the overall look of the vehicle.

The car-like handlability. Stopping is excellent, so untrucklike. I love the trunk, which I have covered with a bed mat. I really like the roominess of the console and my radio controls in the steering wheel. I really love my heated seats and heated side view mirrors, too! Oh, and the tailgate!

In bed trunk, rear seats, drive and handling. Features for the money. The layout is great and the interior is well put together. Tons of space and cubby holes for anything you can think of.

The in bed trunk, power rear window, folding rear seat, and all of the places to put things in the cabin.

Seats, suspension, handling, hybrid cloth interior and in bed trunk. Trunk holds cooler, my 11 year old son's baseball bag. Interior seats 4 adults with comfort.

Color, easy to use navigation system, trip mileage reset button, power heated front seats, moon roof and under cab storage area.

Navigation, stereo, auto climate control, ride. It's also nice to have a real horn and not the typical Honda horn. The in-bed trunk rocks! Powered rear window is sweet as well.

Heated leather seats, XM radio, in-bed trunk, sunroof, power slider, dual action tailgate, center console.

The trunk in the the floor of the bed.

In-bed trunk. Dual action tailgate.

Storage 

Dent resistant bed coating is an excellent feature that all trucks should have. Of course the two way tailgate and in bed trunk. Little thinks like bed lighting and tie down cleats. 

Ride/handling, safety, gas mileage, in- bed trunk, dual-action tailgate, composite bed, very roomy inside

Great truck on ice and snow, very sure footed. A pleasure to drive, very responsive. Well built, great features, the in box trunk and adjustable console is very convenient. 

Cargo Options: Huge in bed trunk, cargo lights for bed and lifted rear seats. Dual action tailgate. Surprising good sound system, minimal wind noise from sunroof (compared to wife's 05 Pilot), power rear window, lighted audio/C.C. on steering wheel, comfortable seating for five. 

Smooth engine, ride, comfort,reliability, navi system, ease of use, quality of the truck is exceptional. 

Dual heat in the cab/In bed trunk

Great in-bed trunk, wonderful safety features, lots and lots of storage and XM Radio.

All that storage between seats, under seats, under the bed. Navi is nice too

In bed trunk, very very quite engine, smooth acceleration, dual temp controls, fold up rear seats, plenty of interior space, tailgate opens two ways, VTEC engine, Stability control, Safety, AWD and good gas mileage (for a full size TRUCK!).

In bed trunk. Roominess. Build quality. Refined Engine.

The best features on this truck are the storage under the truck bed and the back seats that fold up for added storage. Really comes in handy...

In bed trunk, rear fold up seat, center console, standard safety features, Honda quality and reliability, maintenance minder, exterior design (looks like nothing else on the road), comfortable seats, and good handling.

In bed trunk. power back window. powerful,refined engine. 60/40 seats and composite bed.

Storage

I love the dual-purpose back gate on it; the bedliner trunk; the compass; the satellite radio; the heated seats (which I thought I would NEVER use); the flip-up seats in back; the HVAC that also boasts a vent in the backseat area; the sunroof; and on and on!

A sweet engine-quiet, smooth and refined. Plenty of power when needed. Love the trunk.

In bed trunk. Back seats fold up to provide cavernous room, enough to fit my mountain bike. Every safety feature imaginable. Front seat storage compartments hold everything.

Great audio system for what it is. Driver controls and ease of access to storage compartments top the list.

XM Satellite Radio, Sunroof, In-bed trunk, rear tail-gate opens on side, rear seats fold up/not down, interior comfort and dash display, wide body stance.

Comfortable Drive, In-bed trunk, huge back seat, Drives like a car, hauls like a truck. Computer Controlled AWD a must!!

In bed trunk, storage space in cab, great stereo w/subwoofer, stylish exterior.

Hands down the trunk.Comfortable sitting for five and the folding rear seats.

Lots of storage, inside back seat area great for dogs, hidden trunk awesome, and the bed has more space than i thought. AWD works awesome!

size and storage

Comfortable ride, super nav system, locked waterproof trunk, folding rear seats, aesthetic appearance, best mpg of comparable trucks, combo of 5 passengers and shorter length eases parking, great range of option choices to gussy it up, it is truly fun to drive, it is simply the best choice out there

tow capacity trunk 

The powerful V-6, handling on the road,leather seating. the kickin stereo, and the trunk in the bed. 

Int. Space, Trunk, Tow package, Grey Alloys, Safety Features, VSA, Comps. Bed.

