Totally unique. Reminds me of an old school muscle car. Incredible power and handling given the weight. Smooth ride, but not a floating couch like a full size SUV. I'm 6'3" and can't believe the passenger room. It handles as well as my '01 Maxima did, but is larger, more stable and a bit faster!

Very solid feel. Excellent on bad weather. Safety of a wagon for my children, yet still has muscle.

Performance and handling, especially with Electronic Stability Program in bad weather. ESP is designed to turn off the cruise control and cut down on the throttle if the driver is going too fast in a really bad weather situation. I'm sure it has already saved my life twice! It's fun, and safe!



Greatest feature besides looking snooty is the way it curves, I just can't get enuf of going around bends in the road and where I live there are plenty. 

Looks, performance, bad-weather handling.

Big and fast , love computer control on steering wheel!

Leg room and the exterior look of the Magnum. 

The whole outside

Styling, Color, everything!



5.7 Hemi engine, Navigation system, Boston speakers, Sirius radio, Performance package, 20" wheels.

Favorite: the 5.7L Hemi! Good acceleration when needed. Comfortable ride on short and long trips. Driving to Vegas from L.A. was a breeze. Gas mileage was just O.K., but now at almost $4/gallon, driving becomes more expensive in this car!

Suggested Improvements

Too Many to name.

Black on Black, just a good looking car. I'd like to add is the chopped roof is suppose to be that way, it's not Gangster, it's the look of a Hot Rod. if you want better visibility you should consider a Subaru wagon. Not a knock on Subaru...just a thought.

I like the quietness of the ride best. The tilt steering wheel is great and the stereo sound is surprising. Even though it's just a 2.7 engine, it has that little throaty growl when you put your foot into it a little!

My favorite features are the dash layout and the fold down rear seats. Believe it or not, the interior space is far more than my Jeep Wrangler. I cannot believe how much cargo space I now have. Oh yea, the sound system is amazing. It's without a doubt, the best sound system I've heard in a car.

Engine was quiet and responsive, the 5 speed A/T with its upshift and downshift controls were well designed and worked well going uphill and down hill in the mountains of Colorado. Highway mileage averaged over 26 mpg--just as advertised. Keep engine and transmission replace rest.

The side view is the best, and being black. Besides the great performance, it attracts as much attention a my street rod.

Exterior design

The combination of AWD and auto stick transmission

