If you get the Backup Sensors you will never want another car without them. The MPG Monitor is fun to watch and makes ownership more enjoyable when you see 30s and 40s on the display. Driving a low speeds in stealth mode - all electric. 

Fuel mileage, fun to drive, great styling and a good ride. It's a real head turner. You must also remember that this is not a top of the line luxury car. You are trying to get fuel mileage so forget about all the bells and whistles.

The Escape Hybrid is very reliable, fun to drive & well thought out in its design. Recommend a back up alarm (audible) & a camera (visual) this is money well spent, especially on us older folks (senior citizens). This SUV has been a joy to own and drive My wife and I both love to drive it.

Rear window opens.

The price! The sealed battery pack. I can throw scuba gear dripping salt water in the back, and not worry about trashing the battery. Leather seats are nice and have held up well. (The cloth seats looked cheap to me)

Navigation, hybrid technology, heated seats, 6 disc CD changer.

Great mileage

With gas approaching $3.50/gal here in San Diego, it's almost fun to visit the gas station. Hybrid power status screen and 15 minute running mileage graph let you track how your driving habits affect your mileage. Car doesn't heat up the garage. Holds more cargo than my old Grand Cherokee did.

NAV system and real time mpg gauge. Love the purr of the electric engine. Every time I hear it I know that I am saving money at the gas pump.

Best fuel economy of any SUV out there. Plenty of interior room, fun to drive, and looks great.

Easy to handle, drives well, comfortable and roomy.

Love how smooth the transmission (CVT) is and how quiet the drivetrain is in most conditions.





Regenerative breaking.

MPG; low pollution, large tax credit, solid feel; lots of storage; acceptable acceleration considering the engine size, and actually quick at start up; kind of fun to change your driving habits and watch the MPG increase, the real-time MPG gauge on the GPS will make you a better driver.

The looks & 4X4.

Mileage, size and fund to drive!

The navigation system has come in handy on a couple of occasions, although some of its recommended routes leave a lot to be desired - adding an extra 50 miles to a 100 mile trip.

Obviously the electric motor and regenerative braking. We both find the interior roomy and comfortable. The rear bench seat folds down easily to provide a great deal of cargo room. Fits the city life almost perfectly.

Appearance package greatly improved the look. Tremendous handling and turn radius. Gas mileage is better than advertised. 

For my model, the fog lights, six CD changer, and moon roof are standard, as are leather seats. 

Mileage, interior layout/room, quiet. Without trying I get 33mpg.

Gas mileage, general driving comfort, space.

Fuel economy; AWD; extremely smooth transitions between electric and engine propulsions; interior/exterior design; good "way-back" storage/capacity behind 2nd seats; high fun-to-drive quotient; comfortable front seats; familiar interior feel/layout (similar to our 2004 Expedition).

Silence of the gas engine cut off, extra cargo space, handling in snow, 6 disc in dash CD changer and audio system, AC power outlet and more.

Two tone paint grey and darker grey. Good wheels and leather. Good leather for lower end SUV. Good CD and love the opening back window. Cheap insurance costs.Tires make it look so good. Still a little girly truck but great gas mileage. Neighbors noticed our first hybrid car .

The hybrid drive system is as smooth as it gets, both Honda and Toyota should take notes. The least hybrid like hybrid. The transition from electrical power to gas power is seamless. I also average 30mpg, best tank was 34mpg worst tank 27mpg (towing a boat). 

Good power available with great gas mileage; don't feel insecure. Driving activity electronic display and "analog" speedometer/tachometer instruments easy to read and fun to use. I am not "hurting" after driving for 3 or 4 hours and my feet feel at ease. Must be the comfortable seats.

Passing gas stations. Navigation system. Fun and comfortable to drive.

I love the room in the back. I was able to pull into a rest area, fold the seats down in back, and comfortably lie down and sleep. I like the roominess. I love that it's a gas saving SUV! It looks good and I swear by Ford reliability. It's so quiet. Great stock stereo!

My favorite feature is the gas mileage. The car has a fuel efficient link to watch and I see when I am using gasoline and using electric and it monitors my fuel consumption as I drive or sit idle. I average 30 mpg of gas. I like the leather seats and I got the keycode front door opener...a must!

We have always driven vehicles without the frills to save money, now we have a six CD changer, cruise control, and when we fill up the tank, a message comes up saying we have 411 miles until refill!

I love that this car is great for the environment, and that it saves me gas. 400 plus miles until its empty. It has great speed and it is beyond smooth, In dash 6 cd changer. I LOVE this car!

Comfortable seats and good roomy cargo space. Flip up window.

Navigation system, smooth acceleration, very easy to handle, very little road noise, and great mileage.

Decent navigation system, but not the easiest to use.

Compared with a non-hybrid, this vehicle emits only one pound of greenhouse gasses per year versus 16 pounds.

My favorite feature on the Escape is the navigation system. It controls are not enormous, while being easily used while driving. I can't leave out the very few trips I have to take to the local gas station also.

Excellent fuel economy, plenty of power and environmentally friendly.

The 6 CD changer, backup warning system and the lovely GPS angel that made me unlost 2 times already. The good feeling of cruising our small town at 20 mph with not a sound from the electric motor is also a favorite.

This is a head-turner, which surprised me. I thought it would fly under the radar but everyone seems to notice it in traffic.

Pulling up to the gas pump! 6 disc CD, moonroof.

AWD, mileage, comfort.

The car responds to my touch, no over steering. The dash display is really easy to read. I love the GPS!

Easy to maneuver and comfortable ride. Stereo with 7 speakers sounds great. We especially like the gas mileage display because it graphs your performance during the last 15 minutes. Cool! Heated seats and AWD will be great this winter. The 2007 base price is $1300 less than the 2006!

