Locking tailgate,large nav display and clear rear-view camera. Power running boards are great. Heated and cooled seats.Rain sensing wipers and cool display gauges. HID head lights

Ride, appearance and functionality make this Cadillac a pleasure to own. Tailgate that locks with the key fob is a great improvement.

Looks, power, comfort, options, (touch screen nav.,rear camera, DVD for the G- kids). full 5 person seating and full bed capability.

Cooled seats, heated steering wheel, power folding running boards, and the 22's are just sick! And what would a Cadillac be without Bose!

Quiet and smooth ride, great power. Very nice luxury car like interior with plently of room, for passengers and cargo. Versatility, AWD, towing. Great new touch screen NAV & radio, much improved. Power side steps are pretty cool, and finally a power lock for the tailgate. Remote start also nice.

Chrome grille/side gills, 22' wheels, heated steering wheel, interior layout (with nav system), standard remote start, backup camera, ride and bold statement.

Mid gate gives you a full bed where other companies crew cabs only offer a short bed.

a/c seats, and 402 hp

Exterior looks, paint, sound system. I would like to see a subwoofer. Headlights, gadgets.

I love the wheels, the radio, cooled seats, headlights, and the ride. The power is unbelievable for a large SUV. 

I love the look of the 22" chrome rims but I think the low profile tires make it ride harder. Nav. system is great/larger screen. Love the cooled seats, remote start, and rain sensing wipers.

this truck has superb styling and power! Plus it is a real head turner! It delivers excellent sports car handling. The covered bed is weatherproof and secure. It has excellent interior/exterior lighting. The rain sensing wipers are the absolute berries! It has plenty of head room even for my 6'6" frame. The navigation/back up camera are great. I love the heated steering wheel!

I do like the new screen with GPS, radio, etc. all touch screen and it easy to operate. 

The 403 horsepower V8 engine and rear-view camera.

The interior trim is nice and the exterior looks razor sharp. The back-up display with the navigation is also helpful. The rear bed of the truck is also functional for large bulky items. In addition the truck has great multi-media capabilities. And lastly the HID front head lights are great.

The back up camera and the touch screen nav system. They are neat little tools. I also love the new instrument panel and gauges.

The new 403 hp engine!

