I love all of the storage space of this 5 door. I wish Mazda still made attractive 5 doors like mine. The 2007 Mazda 6 just looks so unique compared to other vehicles. The tail lights are very cute and the interior does not look cheap as someone said on here. It shimmers in the sunlight. 

Exterior and interior styling, heated seats, reliability

6 disc cd changer, sporty look, comfortable seats

18" wheels, seat adjustment (6'5" and I can fit!), cargo space, lights, Bose sound system and sunroof, heated leather seats,navigation system. 

Styling, interior layout, visibility, transmission, handling, options, price, not too many on road

18 inch wheels and tires, gauge lighting

Handling, interior lay out, hatchback

The sport shifter, amazing! The windows that roll down when you hold the unlock button down after pressing it twice... way cool. I call it my H.R.S. (Heat Reducing System) I use it in the summer time all the time. Sometimes even when don?t have to, it?s how I introduce my car to friends and family.

Handling, looks, reliability, fun-to- drive factor, overall size, engine growl, slick shifting 5-speed tranny, gas economy, power seat, trunk size.

V6, dual exhaust

The handling and performance of this car is awesome! I used to own a Mitsubishi Eclipse and it wasn't as good compared to this. 

Interior not full of cheap plastic like most cars. Great gas mileage. Low cost to own. Good value compared to other brands.

Roomy interior

Handling Handling Handling. Brakes are great too. 

Drives very easy, mileage is great radio is ok, and handling is fun.

great hatchback utility, gear ratios, handling

Steering wheel controls, its ability to stick to the road like glue!

The traction control, sport suspension, and the ability to shift automatic or manually.

The car's stick-to-the-pavement like glue handling, outperforms other sedans like Accord or Camry. The steering wheel mounted audio controls. The price. Decent mileage. Love the leather-wrapped wheel. The 6 CD changer and power driver's seat are nice, too. Love the traction control in winter. 

Looks, smooth engine and transmission.

MPG, Bose radio is great, looks fantastic. It takes regular gas unlike many of the other German wagons that are the same size and thousands more. Front windows down from the remote.

Sporty looks and styling, the changing digital number in dash that says what gear (1 to 6 for the V6 or 1 to 5 for the 4 cyl) you are in for the AT. The 17" alloy wheels are nice but not unique as see similiar looking ones on other Japanese makes. Rear reading lights and folding center armrests 

The sylish design inside and out and how the car sounds while it's winding up.

Exterior looks... what a hot car! Love the hatchback and fold down seats. I think the hatchbook looks better than the sedan! Love the steering wheel audio controls.

Red gauges, dual exhausts. Actually feels simliar to the 6 cylinder. 17 inch wheels with good michelin tires. Smooth ride and solid handling. TCS. 

Driver cockpit layout. Optional iPod interface. Exterior looks. Massive aftermarket stuff available.

Love the cockpit layout. Everything is perfectly placed. The low growl of the engine when you punch it. This car pulls! Great Handling. Sound system is wonderful and road noise is minimal. I've never had a car with no squeeks or rattles before. It's an amazing experience!

Cool looking car with great features and awesome value good mpg and performance, love the 5spd auto.

The overall style and the engine response. I was nervous about "downgrading" to a 4cyl but this car has got plenty of horses to satisfy my lead foot. The cup holders are deep enough to hold my coffee in place perfectly. I love the power seat, red dash lighting, the key/remote and the big trunk.

I love having the hatchback. It is so easy to load and unload, including my 85 pound dog. If you get a Mazda6, I would strongly recommend getting the hatchback.

The overall size of the car-bigger than the Mazda3 (too small for me), but smaller than Camry, Accord, Altima, which I think are too big for everyday driving with just one or two people in the car. I also love the drive train--engine has a nice "growl", and the shifter has precise short throws.

Excellent handling and brakes, nice interior, great car for the money

Love the driver's seat with the leather and lumbar support. Xenon adjustable lights are a great! 18" pirellis are like glue to the ground.

Comes equipped with all the safety and comfort features you would want without a lot of extra to drive up the price or to break down later for expensive repairs.

The Bose system, snappy engine, handling, brakes, power sun roof, leather seats, rims & tires.

Built-in Sirius radio; comfortable yet sporty ride.

The hatchback! If you are interested in getting a Mazda6, get the 5-door version. The ease of getting anything in or out of the back is much easier. It has tons of storage. I am SO happy that I got the 5-door hatchback. A must have feature!

Great handling, brakes, better speakers than my 2003, it's a great traveling car with great interior/trunk room. I'm averaging 27 mpg @ 75-80 mph. It looks and feels great!

Home link, dimming mirror, cavernous storage, smooth shifter, 25% window tint.

Sporty handling, looks, and feel. Countless standard amenities. 6 disc changer, 6 airbags, 17in rims, sport seats, traction control.

Mute button on the steering wheel (I've owned at least 6 cars with steering wheel radio controls and this is the only one with a mute button).

The interior and exterior features of the car, very sporty, drives like a sports car, takes regular unleaded gas, fun to drive, very smooth shifting manual transmission.

The look, the feel. Huge trunk for such a sporty car.

The exterior look. Much more appealing than competitive designs from Honda, Toyota, and Nissan. The automatic transmission with manual mode. The V6 engine, much better performance overall as compared to I4.

Sexy. Interior roomy and sharp. Hatchback has a LOT of storage. Reliable. Unique. Prances down the road.

Trunk support and rear seat release latch being in the trunk for security reasons. Controls on steering wheel are very convenient.

Stylish features, leather seats, bose system, gas mileage.

Sun roof and comfortable seats.

Love the 17" wheels, sound system, fun to drive, 4 wheel disc brakes, and the sports value package.

Windows that go down with the remote. Zippy power. Auto dimming mirror. NO PROBLEMS.

Styling, comfort, Bose stereo, fun to drive.

My favorite feature would have to be the cockpit setup. The seats are very comfortable. The telescoping wheel is also nice. 

Peppy little motor. Plenty of room, full sized trunk. Nice look to the car. Spoiler. I like the Mazda "switchblade type" key.

Being able to switch between driving an automatic or being able to use the 5 speed transmission is not only fun but functional in down-shifting. The 2.3 16 valve engine gives the car a lot of pep. It really does zoom zoom zoom. Love the audio system and controls on the steering wheel. 

Steering wheel controls for audio. 

Bose sound system, moonroof, leather seats, auto dimming mirror.

Powerful engine, smooth brake, sporty 17' alloy wheel, roomy and sharp-looking interior, comfortable power seat, lots of room if back seats folds down, powered everything.

Cost, driveability, moderate interior.

Smooth engine, ultra slick transmission, great safety features, interior roominess, high quality materials, warranty and the list goes on.

Build quality, quietness, standard equipment, fun-to-drive quotient, quality of interior finishes.

- Convenient steering wheel controls - Aggressive style - looks fast when parked - Terrific 17" alloys - Great stopping power with 4 wheel disc ABS - Intuitive driving controls - Nice handling, low body roll - Tight steering, taut suspension - Quiet cabin, little wind/road noise - Great resale value.

The manual shifter on the automatic! I love downshifting on the interstate and seeing the looks from other people that I am passing. I also love my Bose and 6cd changer...very convenient.

Sound system, alloy wheels, handles curves like a champ. Sporty looking car. Many compliments on the car! 

The red is good. The outside door handles ought to provide a good grip if the door is frozen shut. 

Engine and handling, no question. Great sound system... Geez, the list goes on.

The 5th door - without looking like a hatchback. Now I can haul bigger items without a hassle.

Controls on steering wheel. The BOSE stereo sound I love, but I think my father loves more.

