Great mileage, good handling, 4 cylinder w/5-speed manual has plenty of pep (I live in a flat area, so can't say anything about hills), lots of cargo space, economical, American brand, American design, made in America

The 110 outlet in the dash - we recharge batteries and plug in electronic devices all the time. The fold flat front seat is nice, too. My Vibe has no options, but even the base stereo is a good one.

The style

Integrated roof rack, in-dash 115-v AC power outlet, impressive sound system, large/functional cargo area 

The seat adjustment offers plenty of "lift", which as a short person I really appreciate. The fold-down seats in the back create tons of extra room. I also enjoy the hatchback feature.

Handles great, cuts back on spending money on fuel

I love the sporty look, hatch back, fog lights and fold down seats

Fuel efficiency, nice interior, very roomy for a small SUV.

gas mileage and handling

Fits a lot of stuff for the price and seems so far to be a reliable and well made, if not always well thought out, machine. 

Versatile interior and exterior appearance (mine is White with grey cladding)

Cargo space, fuel economy, style inside and out looks like a crossover SUV

Gas mileage is awesome! Switched from an SUV to this vehicle and gas is so much cheaper now!

Fuel efficiency and interior hauling space.

folding seats, interior room, body style and gas mileage

The 1.8 l engine. It is snappy but good on the fuel economy.

Layout of the dash, roomy interior with fold down seating, handling and fuel effecient

Storage, fold-flat seats, look, feel, etc. (The factory-installed apholsterd seats were horribly scratchy, so we splurged and had leather put in, but the price was low enough that it was worth it). 



Handles really well, great gas mileage, very little maintenance, great dependability and style.

Excellent driving position. Roomy backseat for such a small car. Fuel economy. Easy to park. Reliability. Efficient engine.

none

Affordable sticker price, plenty of interior room and accessability, good gas mileage, reliability (Toyota engine/trans!) and good looks combine to make this a very desirable car. Everybody on my block loves it! 

Head room it ample for this 6'1" driver, ride is firm and controlled, gas mileage is excellent. Did I mention it get a lot of looks from other drivers? I am well pleased. 

Mileage. Car handles well. 

Looks

A lot of leg and head room, great gas mileage.

Great gas mileage and lots of room for the kids and even the dog. Fun to drive as well 

Head, leg, and cargo room, roomy back seat, style, price, economy, colors, easy to drive and see out of. Sunroof, good audio sound(7 speaker premium sound mp3 player). Tailgate window can be opened seperately without opening the entire tailgate.

Interior console. Comfort of the seats 

Gas mileage, comfortable driver seat, lots of room when seats are folded down, front passenger seat folds down too!

Red interior lighting. Head space. The sport package with 17 in low profile tires

Mileage, instrument visibility, little blind spots. Good price. 

The room is unbelievable. I love the outside temp gauge. The driving is more comfortable than my sedan. Seats fit lower back with the cranking of a lumbar adjustment. 3 months free XM. 

Huge cargo area, comfortable seats and high seating position. Good gas mileage, fun to drive.

room and comfort is the best thing about it also gas mileage

All sorts of space for interior stowage, and nice dash set-up.

added leather and 7 speaker stereo. Favorite standard features: auto lights, remote locks, display, flat cargo area.

Everything!

the gauges and shifter, the storage, the cupholders, the xm radio, the seats.

comfort, hauling capacity, gas mileage. 

All the controls are conveniently located and within reach. The heater/Ac do their job quickly. 

The gauges, seating comfort, driving position and visibility. Power when you stomp on the gas. Huge cargo space. Modern looks, makes the Civic look like a traditional sedan. Lastly the handling is way better than the Mustang, you can throw it around the corners.

How easy it is to drive.

Easy fold down seats, lots of room for hauling. Good gas mileage.

room inside of the Vibe, gas milage, pickup are all excellent.

