Exterior style, towing capacity, seating capacity

Interior design along with exterior design with the exception of the heavy dark tinted windows. It makes it look more like a liminsine. 

Cool Vanilla gleams, body style, classy look of interior.

Power liftgate, especially down, no slaming. Heated seats front & second row, temp controls front & rear. Running boards & handles for getting in & out. Power. DVD was nice on trip, first trip in years without backseat helpers!

Child locks, dvd, cd player, back up alarm. 

The rear sensors are a lifesaver and so is the rear DVD system with the wireless headphones (we have 2 kids). In particular, I love the positioning of the rear AC vents which are mounted on the ceiling, not at your ankles!!! The automatic gate lift is a huge plus too. 

Look at it! Beautiful. Steering is so easy. Love the power with the V8.

Ride, handling towing 

Hemi power, Fuel saving MDS, Nav, both front windows are automatic down with a touch of a button!, Remote Start, Steering wheel radio controls, third row ease of access, memory seats and settings, It's a sharp looking vehicle, 20" chrome rims and the rest of the chrome. LED's make a soft light.

Sirius radio and ride.

Smooth Ride, Large 2nd row, cold air! GORGEOUS body! Ipod plug in. AC plug in. Tire Pressure Monitor. Message system. 

Good visibility, turning radius, appearance.

20 inch chrome wheels, dvd/navigation

Hemi, Sound system, Towing, Comfort

Power, ride, comfort, style.

Everything!

UConnect is simple to use and works right out of the chute. Excellent power. Great looks. Nice trim. Navigation system works good.

The chrome accents give the Aspen a most upscale look

Style, interior design, seats, engine powers, roomness.

I love the HEMI most and I think the wife loves the ease of use of the second row pop-up seats and the hands free back door opener. My 7 year old, 45 pound daughter can pop the seat up and climb in the rear on her own.

Leather heated seats, Nav, DVD (for the kids) 3rd row seats, plenty of power and lots of towing capability 8900lbs. Saturn only pulls 4500lbs. my jeep liberty tows more than that. pretty sad for saturn to be in the big SUV catagory towing that little.

The interior is as great as the exterior. Many, Many options with a great price. 

Hemi engine, roomy interior, UConnect, satellite radio, nav system, leather seats, interior lighting, power lift gate, backup sensors make parking a breeze. 

20" rims, engine, and standard safety equipment.

Flex fuel capability Leather heated seats on 1st and 2nd rows 0% financing, Lifetime warranty. Back up sensors. Power life gate. wood grain on steering wheel. Stereo surround 4WD and all the chrome extras Interior lightning at night is top of the line

 5.7 Hemi, DVD, U-connect, 6' 8" 235lb adults fit fine up front. 3rd row seating that folds and can accommodate tall teenagers.

Excellent acceleration of Hemi, smooth ride, attractive styling inside and out. GPS is great. Attractive interior instrumentation.

The stereo controls and cruise on the stearing wheel. Air conditioning with front and rear controls, and the ease of entering and exiting from the third row seat. It's all great to me.

Interior LED ambient and instrument lighting. Thick-rimmed wood steering wheel. Overboosted steering effort. Adjustable pedals. 2nd row center console. Hemi 5.7L Remote Start 0% financing for 72 months Surprisingly decent MPG Road, tire and wind noise fairly quiet. Somewhat smooth ride

J package (must have) adjustable brake and gas pedal. Navi system, Auto Lift gate-rocks!

Satellite radio, glad I ordered this package. I am a first time listener and its great. My kids love the DVD player in the back. 

Hemi (of course) Volume/channel controls on steering wheel. Power-assisted rear hatch. User-specific electronic settings. Standard compass, exterior temp, etc.. Tremendous exterior styling. Blonde woodgrain interior. Quick flash turn signal. Funky windshield wipers

My favorite features are the led lighting,running boaeds,and the woodgrain steering wheel. 

Quick Start is my favorite. Turn the key to start and release and let the Chrysler do the rest. Backup sensors make parking a breeze. 

GPS navigation, rear backup assist, auto crank, power outlets in car, 20- inch chrome rims

Satellite radio, DVD, 5.7 ltr. Hemi!

Stability, drivability, interior design. Finally a DVD player that can be loaded and controlled in the back by the passengers where it belongs. The bluetooth, satellite and 6 CD, 8 speaker sound system is just icing on the cake.

We like the whole package. the kids love the DVD system with wireless headphones and convenient outlet provided to fire up the playstation.

Sat. Radio, Heated seats, HEMI, Gas Mileage

Rear Sensors, Navigation System, Flex fuel. Interior is very comfortable.

Nice quiet ride. My wife really like the uconnect and lift gate feature. I like the tow capacity and top of the line safety features. Get almost 22 mpg on highway ( average 20 mpg round trip to lake tahoe)

28J package, navigation, Sirius radio, video entertainment for kids, remote start, power liftgate.

All the "J" package toys & a great GPS navigational radio w/hands free blue tooth connect & satellite radio.

that exterior look it is so sharp but yet sexy too very nice job on the exterior

Power was surprisingly good. Even maneuvering in traffic was relatively easy. Cruise control was smooth even in the hills. Built in DC to AC converter is a nice touch. Very good noise and bump suppression. Really liked the simple and elegant design of the vehicle.

handling, navi, ride. HEMI!

Good stong engine - even the 4.7 L, nice and confortable passenger compartment. Love the automatic tailgate and sat. radio.

The interior is luxury, luxury, luxury.

Analogue clock on dash. Wood accents as well as wood steering wheel. Very classy.

