Motor and transmission are so well suited to each other that they always seem to find the correct gear/revs with no effort on my part. The ride and handling compromise is a close second that goes well with the rock solid chassis.

The engine, rear legroom, seats, suspension, steering, looks, quality, MMI, and more.

The power of the W12, fantastic feedback from the road. Stereo is amazing, Ipod interface is great.

Engine growl, real world hwy economy (27mpg), sweet handling, Amaretto wood trim interior, seamless bluetooth synch (makes uploading and importing phone book contacts) a breeze, voice activated controls especially for nAV and telephone. Super accurate distance markers in backup camera

19 inch wheels, better than 18 inch. I had 18 inchers, but these are much firmer. Ventilated seats are a must. IPod connection is neat. Ventilation and A/c is strong and solid.

Love it all.

The B&O sound system sounds like it should for the price. The dual pane side glass makes this car quieter than my 04 A8L. And the rear camera plus parking sensors is a nice combination when backing up around pets and kids. 

I just love the look of the car, plus knowing the the car is all wheel drive.

Massage chair.

Nav system, 18 way driver and passenger seats, interior lighting system and entire computer system.

Rear camera, front and rear parking sensors, quietness, smooth ride, air suspension, interior design, quality of materials, NAV, massage seats, bluetooth, large trunk, large rear seat area, 20" rims, quality of the workmanship (inside and out).

The air suspensions, the small but strong V8, the quattro awd.

I love the advanced key, new engine, backup camera, quattro, and all the clever little touches that you only realize once you live with it. Huge trunk, and super comfortable seats. Seat heaters are very nice and get quite warm unlike many other cars.

Audi parking system, voice-activated systems, massage seats.

The Bang & Olufsen stereo in unlike anything I've ever heard in an automobile. Mark Levinson and Harman Kardon don't even come close to this one!!! A must for anyone who loves music in its truest form.

Retractable navigation system, wheels, endless luxury features (such as "Advanced Key", Alcantara door inserts, power rear sunshade, massaging/ventilating/ heating seats, etc.), power from silky-smooth V8.

FSI V8 (350 HP), Quattro, 6 speed auto with shift paddles on the steering wheel, 16 way seats with 4 memory positions for driver & passenger, Nav system, AM/FM/Sirius/6 CD changer 350 watt Bose stereo, 4 position air suspension, 275 X 35 X 20" Pirelli P Zero tires on 20" by 9.5" rims and on and on.

Rear fridge, W-12 power, 20" wheels, interior/exterior fit/finish, ride/ handling, quiteness etc, everything

