Solidly built. good brakes. Very solid auto transmission (Aisin Warner), great city mileage, good storage. Great features (cabin air filter, sunglass holder, mp3 player). with winter tires, handles great in the snow. 



NONE

small size, standard shift



Fuel economy 37MPG+, quick for a 4CYL, and roomey. 

I like the safety features, good driver's visibility, great gas mileage, very reliable

It is cute! I love the color too! 

comfortable roomy no problems radio was decent

Interior head room, get up and go.

Tire pressure indicator, purchase price, room, dependability 

Driver seat armrest, manuerverability, trunk size, radio, exterior looks.

Tons of interior room, great gas mileage, seems to sit up high, we got 2 sets of golf clubs, 2 suitcases and a cooler in the trunk. 

Room around driver. Installed bluetooth radio for my phone!

Good handling, bright head lights and fog lights. Side marker/signal lights are a good safety feature. Plenty headroom (I'm 6'2'' 200lbs), good tires, exterior design is nice, easy to change oil yourself (oil filter front and centered) good brakes. I gotta say, car has the best bang for the buck.

EZ to park. Good ground clearance, rugged and great fuel economy.

Probably the only car sold out there that is so basic with that allows me to skip the useless options. Buy a basic car every three years without losing money from depreciation. Tired of paying for repairs with my past cars. Just drive it 3 years under warranty and dump it. Will try this theory.

right now - only gas mileage



Gas mileage, spaciousness, and handling (as long as you're not going 65-70 MPH while it's windy).

Height, space inside, sun roof. Nifty radio 

The car is roomy. It looks good. It gets great gas mileage. I drive 18000, half city, half country, miles a year and get 34 mpg. I actually track this with each fillup. 

The fold-down rear seats make for a pretty large cargo area in back. 

Gas mileage, easy parking and red! 



The handling around corners and the music features are great.

Spaciousness inside. And we both liked the looks. could have bought a higher priced car, but didn't find one we liked as much.

Interior design on the LT, top of the line.

Like the circle theme in the cabin. I'm 6'4" and can drive comfortably. 

Overall interior design, lots of little features such as heated mirrors, mp3 input jack, steering wheel radio controls, keyless controls on the actual key, useful storage spots (although very limited in number), easy to park, etc etc

Fuel economy, roominess, ease of access.

The gas mileage is great.

I like the look of the console/dash layout. Engine performs well. Price is a plus.

Great new exterier styling, handsome interier, great A/C and heat, good MP3 stero,comfortable ride, arm rest for the driver, fantastic roomyness and comfort for a 6'4"driver, handling as good or better than most higher priced entries, gas mileage was as promised, good visiability, very manueverable!

The interior on the 2007 is nicely upgraded and the sound system is really nice for a car in this class. The handling is very nice.

Nice sound system. Plugin for Ipod and MP3 player. The roomiest small car we test drove. I am 6'1" and have plenty of leg room front and back. Cup holders don't seem to be a problem for us. Good sound insulation. Engine noise is minimal. Road noise almost non-existant. 

Interior and exterior are real nice, handling is good, over all a realiable little car

Excellent chrome accenting on the very awesome swivel round air vents. Integrated antenna, I got 1500 cash back from Chevy and 0% on a little commuter car! Very very reliable, will drive anywhere

The ease of parking this little thing is wonderful. The power windows and trunk release are nice.

Flip and Fold seats, interior design and trim, great AC, included floor mats, toll ticket holder, can't lock your keys in the car, seat comfort, visibility, price,warranty

Style, seats, design, price, gas mileage, reliability

MPG, price, interior room, arm rest, crash protection, drive train warranty

Styling (inside and out), mp3 player input, smooth transmission, handles well, keyless entry/trunk

Gas mileage, interior design, reliability, sporty exterior on sedan.

Price. I paid 10k automatic with ac and it's the sedan.

It has to be the overall exterior. I know some people believe it's an ugly little car, but hey? Looks aren't everything, but I like what I see.

Interior and exterior styling, fuel economy, ride, and handling.

Comfortable interior. Good acceleration and braking performance.

Ipod jack, AC vents

The thing I like best about my Aveo is the overall size, inside and out. Small on the outside yet roomy on the inside, even the back seats.

Size matters... I can park anywhere! I get in and out of places my Jeep can't go! Simple engine. It was nothing to boost HP by changing the air intake filter. Style. Tinted the windows, added some 17" chrome rims, and a spoiler. Wow! Cheap and easy. I did have to add a CD player, though.

Color! (Orange) Very comfortable. Seats are nice and the trunk is big. Headlights are bright and turn signal on side door is nice.

Interior space, low price

Lumbar support. 2 trip odometers. Tach is standard. Overall styling great for '07. Remote gas fill and trunk release very convenient. Need 80 lbs on passenger seat to arm airbag. Great kid protection. 

Good mileage, fairly peppy with manual transmission.

Interior space for a man my size (6'2" 250 lbs). I am amazed at the ease I get in and out of it. The price doesn't hurt either.

Best feature is fuel economy. Keeping the tach between 1500 and 2500 rpms gives me 28-29 city and 41 highway miles. I tend to move through the gears quickly. This is no muscle car so don't try to hotrod it and it will deliver.

It has an MP3 player input and great options for stereo equalizer functions, etc. The sunglass compartment is unique. Gotta love the driver's seat arm rest. Fold down rear seats. Huge trunk space. It's nice to look at, fun to drive, and the price was very reasonable.

The mp3 connection and the good looks

Fuel economy is great. Handling better than expected. AC/heat system more than adequate. Lumbar support. 2 trip odometers. Tach is standard. Overall styling great for '07. Remote gas fill and trunk release very convenient. Need 80 lbs on passenger seat to arm airbag. Great kid protection.

MP3 adapter--though the volume doesn't play as loud as I would sometimes like. May be the MP3 player? Not sure. Also love the color of the displays. Nice interior cloth, too. Seems sturdy and probably will wear well.

MP3, style, imported from Korea!

The room and comfort. It sits up high for great view. Keyless entry, power trunk release and its compact, but when you are inside it doesnt feel compact 

Fun to drive! Clock placement, MP3/aux jack, the trunk (it's great to just throw stuff in there and go).

The looks were number one but we also like the amount of features in the base model such as the trunk release and gas door and the amount of trunk space is impressive. 

I love them all. I like the tilt wheel. There is a place for an MP3 to be plugged in, but I have not used that as yet. So can't give my opinion on that I like the fact that you can't just push the button down and lock yourself out. You have to use the key when you are not using automatic locks.

Price and color. Oh yeah, you can't lock yourself out of your car. It won't let you! Cool.

All of the extras. Front and side door airbags.Adjustable driver's seat. Large trunk. Very readable console. High style for little money. 

Very comfortable car. Interior and exterior design. Safety features. Lots of space!

MP3 stereo with Ipod adapter.

There are a lot of good features on this car

Steering feel, gear box ratios. Peppy engine, especially with the 5 speed box. "Cool" styling. 15" alum wheels and spoiler. 

Fuel Mileage, Very Roomy, Seats are very comfotable, QUIET at low and highway speeds, GREAT suspension and handling on curves and straight-aways, great quality in sheet metal (heavy guage), over-all it is simply one of the best decisions you could ever make!

Convenient remote on key for locks and trunk, built for driver comfort which is not typical in smaller cars

The higher seats

I do enjoy having the speed control option, as I do tend to go over the speed limit without even noticing it. 

MP3, rear spoiler, alloy wheels, electric trunk.

