Drives like a toy, manual transmission, soft top, I don't think they would legally let me drive this truck some terrain I have taken it thru,)) Looks and drives like a man's truck! Chicks dig this car, and other Wranglers will wave and welcome you to the "family". You re buying a lifestyle w/Wrangl.

4wd is awesome. Definitely can go many different places.

Stereo with Aux. input, lockable center console, awesome interior design and the always rad detachable doors and rear seat. Seats are very comfortable and it's actually pretty quiet for a wrangler. Amazing all around and through out.

Radio works good. 

The ride quality and open air! Those are my 2 fave parts. Plus with fuel mileage around 18-19, I can't complain.

Convertible top is easy to use. Style and curb appeal. Tows well. Comfortable cabin with lots of room and love the power windows and locks. Goes anywhere and you enjoy getting there in a Jeep.

Reliable work horse that is too much fun especially with the top down. Killer stereo, better than my wife's Mercedes. 

It's a wrangler.

Sunrider top. Great stereo with upgraded sound system. The whole Jeep experience. Ability to customize almost everything with aftermarket gadgets and accessories.

Power windows/keyless entry.. I cannot explain how long I had waited for such a thing to exist on Wranglers! And the stock sound system w/ sub is actually pretty decent.. 

Convertible top, exterior appearance, amount of cargo space, seat comfort.

Overall looks, sunrider top, sporty design, soft tight ride. I cannot wait for the sun to come out so I can finally get the Jeep naked up top.

The three piece freedom top is nice.

Red Rock crystal paint color is about a foot deep, looks wicked good with a fresh wash & wax job. Best handling yet, excellent acceleration, but still very stable. Fits four people, two tents and all their camping gear with room for souvenirs. Like taking a vacation every day.

It's a JEEP!

4 doors and soft top.

The looks of the exterior especially with the top off. 

Engine feels nice and tranny feels solid. I like the vinyl seats so much better than cloth. 4WD is always fun. Soft top is also a plus to enjoy when the weather warms up. A very comfortable setup inside and out. So much I like and so little room to write.

Stereo, power options, everything you couldn't have on previous Wranglers. Better MPG!

Wonderful over all design, comfy seats and steering wheel, beautiful exterior design, rides well, no complaints about road noise (with the soft top), wonderful Infinity stereo system.

The looks, the ride, the interior space, and the bulky exterior and interior. Removable solid roof is great. Plenty of performance.

Ride, performance, style.

Manual shift into 4WD.

Dual top, lockers and sway bar disconnect.

Auto locks/windows, freedom top.

It is a Jeep! The ride is nice and the hardtop is a worthwhile add-on. There is room for three kids in the back. As expected, it performed well in the snow.

Off-road capabilities.

Performance in slick and slippery conditions, comparative quiet and great speaker system. Surprising fuel economy with the manual transmission.

Rides wonderfully, great infinity stereo system. Plenty of room with two kids.

Ride comfort.

Convertible top, Freedom Top, front and rear locking diffs, 32" MT-Rs standard, Front swaybar disconnect, 73:1 crawl ratio.

Too many features to list that are my favorite. 

I love everything about it especially the fact that I can fit 4 people comfortably in a Jeep and if needed it has room for five. Best of all it is the coolest vehicle in the lot when I pick my kids up from school including the H2 and 3 according to the other kids and teachers.

Looks and 4 doors. I have two young boys and it was a pain to get them in their seats in the back seat. Now it is a breeze!

Quiet! Electronic sway bar disconnect. More rear storage space.

6 speed, cruise control, XM satellite radio, huge increase in interior room, keyless entry.

The ESP is very impressive if you don't have lockers. From my videos, I see little tire slip as a result of ESP. Wider stance protects you better from a roll over even at a 40 degrees side ways incline... much better than the previous model (TJ). The 3-piece freedom top is pretty cool. 

Comfortable seats, stereo system - just plain fun to drive.

Cloth top, 6 disc changer, cargo room.

The power windows and door locks with keyless entry.

4 doors! (by far the favorite), power windows, dual top, fun to drive.

More side to side interior room. Quieter soft top. Lower rpm in most gears than the old jeep ran at. Smoother running on the highway. Disc brakes all around are a plus. Suspension is much better. 

Best Jeep for the family.

Classic Jeep styling cues. My favorite feature is th exterior! 

Easy removal top, MP3 player, styling, comfy seats and 4x4 ability.

Very solid ride, 7 speaker stereo with Sirius, low noise, surprising mpg if you don't think the redline is a target.

The favorite features is that it is not priced much higher than a Kawasaki Mule once you load up one of those. The Jeep obviously has much more capability. I like the ease at which everything is available to the driver. Carpeted interior is real quiet even with soft top. 

Great design that proves to be a great ride. Interior with Yes cloth is a great upgrade. 

Stereo, capability, and overall look.

4 Doors! The quiet ride make me forget that it has a soft top.

Handles much better on hwy than past Jeep models. Wide and taller stance. Quiet even with the soft top. Decent stock stereo with 350 plus watts and subwoofer. 

Auto transmission, comfortable ride, large rear cargo area.

4 doors, looks, and the way it drives.

New body style, 18" wheels, upgraded stereo system.

Once you get used to the soft top removal it's no problem. I tend to have the top off or part way off at all times. I like all the flexibility. The four doors are very useful! It's ok to get it dirty! The ability to customize and using Velcro straps and accessories is cool.

The new Jeep really rides tight and is elevated, more that the TJ was. The power windows, locks, and entry is still hard to get use to on a Jeep but it's nice to join the 21st century automotively speaking. The stereo is finally worthy of mention. Definitely go with the subwoofer.

One button fold down rear seats are a great feature, as is the huge cargo area. But the biggest selling point for me was the greatly reduced wind noise (even at highway speeds) over previous year models.

The Jeep look. Surprisingly quiet ride. Good handling. Very solid feeling vehicle. Great stereo...will blow you away.

Offroad handling and comfort. Takes the trail's beating so you don't have to. The brake lock differentials work great. No spinning in the mud, even when I try to!

Smooth ride, interior room, Rescue Green Metallic paint.

Stereo (6 in the dash, SAT, input jack) Very well done.

Exterior appearance, power windows/locks, sound system, smooth ride, gas mileage.

The new roof - much more practical. Also, the interior is much more roomy and comfortable.

Looks great and rides like a Jeep. If your looking for a super smooth ride, buy a Caddy. Good fuel mileage and towing. The layout of the gizmo's on the dash are easy to work and with the hard top I hear very little road noise.

For me, it's all about having a convertible that is usable - for that, there is no comparison with the the 2007 Wrangler Unlimited. And, it's very smooth for a Jeep.

Combo tops, exterior design, power options.

I love that I now have a 4-door convertible, and the 6 disc changer is great with an MP3 DVD. I also have the 368-watt radio, and can drown out road noise with the top down.

Love the looks and the way it drives.

The size. It looks bigger and is bigger than the 06 and older ones. I know the older unlimited was longer but not wider. It is stable and drives like a champ. I love everything about this Jeep.The price is very competitive with other SUVs. This is a real 4x4 SUV.

The soft top. Also, this Jeep has a great look and gets more looks around town (I know it's new) than most cars. Just a blast to own and drive.

4 doors, better option packaging, sound system, larger tires, interior comfort, cargo space.

The improvements in the soft top, the closures, it's a much quieter ride.

Interior is excellent and comfortable. Power windows are controlled in the center of the dash. Very little noise with the top on. Handles much better than expected. Overall exterior design is beautiful. I feel safe with my son riding with me.

Seating for five in a Wrangler.

Quick removal hardtop, base stereo that supports MP3 and has accessory jack, rescue green color, styling, gas mileage (19+), comfortable seats, 4wd capability.

flexibility and fun

Probably safe if you get hit (or if you lose control because of the wobble) because it's so heavy.

Rugged Looks Topless ability Comfortable 4X4 Easy to clean interior

Off highway capability in two or four wheel drive, cargo room, trailer package, Sirius radio, oversize tires and wheels, no driver fatigue after hours of travel, modular top option, it does not go off track on overly worn pavement, ease of maintenance, and my favorite, the looks.

ease of driving

I have the bigfoot package and love it, off-road it does reat and it's a "MAN'S JEEP"

looks, handling in the snow, soft top, fog lamps, radio, interior

I love the 4 doors. The unlimited also has a considerable increase in cargo capacity which is a plus.



Superior ride as compared to TJ's

Good looking, promises of fun with the removable top and all its configuration. EASY to modify and put your personality on it.

Big tires, removable top, and the body style

The flexibility! Having the only SUV convertible on the market. Have options daily of taking off top, windows, way not take off the doors!

Smooth and quiet ride, yet highly capable offroad; more room, perfect balance and not too big; interior is very nice, yet still a Jeep; upgraded sound is very good; flexible seats and configurations; Jeep's awesome good looks of Wrangler and guys stop me all the time to ask about it! A jaw dropper!

Love it all.

Handling, turn radius, ease of 4 wheel drive, appearance. Adequate power.

Freedom Top! Even the basic sound system rocks out, and everything inside held up great when I got DRENCHED in a storm. Better than my 01 Wrangler X- steering, suspension, etc. So many ways to personalize if you buy the basic model and get a JCW catalog! Ooh, and removable cup holder liners, good.

4 dr looks and (for a Jeep) comfort. new soft top is really strong - great work.

Very pretty, easy to park.

Stereo, convertible, seats and lots of room.

Top down

 the 4 doors, the larger size and all the second looks!

The hard top is pretty neat. I do like the Jeep Club feeling (everyone else in Jeeps always says hello)

Hard top, color, mygig

Frame, new engine, wheels, interior

Modular hard top, manual transmission, great sound system.

Freedom hardtop, stereo, the new exterior/interior design, and the six speed manual. Looks sharp and fun to drive! 

The front and rear lockers stock are absolutely amazing. I can't even tell you how many times those have gotten me through spots where everyone else has gotten bogged down or stuck. The electronic sway bar disconnect gives me the ability to out rock crawl anyone.

Storage space. Front seat comfort. Gas mileage not as bad as expected (avg. 18 mpg). Control button lower left instrument cluster gives important info. Sway bar disconnect, ESP disengage and axle lock.

Rugged appearance, large size, fits mostly everything you need, tow capacity, folding seats & headrests, 3- piece hardtop.

The exterior. The top down look is amazing. H3 owners are jealous because the Jeep has the H3 look, but convertible. The improved interior and the bells and whistles are great. Wow, two different Navigation options

Lockers front and rear (not just a rear locker), electronic sway bar disco. awesome! No more getting out in the mud to pull out the lynch pins on the discos just push the button. This thing is huge on the inside (I looked at h3&fc but this seems a lot bigger and faster and better on/off road

Exterior look, and fun in the sun. Rugged look. Larger tires

Off-road capabilities, stereo, freedom top, looks, cargo space.

outside exterior appearance

Freedom top, the infinite stereo is outstanding. The stability systems work very well on the road.

Styling, appearance, wheels (18inch), stereo with sirius. Love cruising with the t-tops off

The ABS, taction cntrol, sability controls, and brke asist, among other electronics, plus the stock lockers, and disconn sway bar means I can play from day one. And feel safe letting the wife and kids ride along!

Its abilities on rugged terrain. The ability to remove the hard top yet have a soft top for the summer driving season. Its rugged looks and feel!

One of my favorite features is the "T" tops. I probably will not put a rag top on this one because of the "T" tops. I would like to see someone come out with a cloth insert that would fit easily into the "T" top opening.

Freedom top, 4 doors, cargo space.

The look and the quality of the vehicle

The look of the vehicle.

Freedom panels, adjustable height drivers seat, electric locker, electric swaybar disconnect, rear storage compartment. 

Standard V6, 6 speed manual and convertible top.

Freedom top, good looks and all look at it coming down the road and say nice hummer.

6sSpeed stick. Freedom top. I've driven with the driver and passenger's side off many times. Split seat. 7 speaker sound system. Ipod aux input jack. Awesome 4wd handling. Great look and terrific paint!

Off-road, on road ride, comfort, gas mileage, and just plain fun

I like the new dash style with the compass and temerature. I wish they had more colors, but my Red Rock is pretty in the sun. I like how you can make the driver's seat lift up and the three piece hard top is very nice too. Infinity stereo is also nice.

Otherwise, fun to drive. Quieter than previous models.

Topless

Tons of features for $22,300! 6 Speed Manual Good visibility great seats and head rests Excellent HVAC and vents Kickin' 7 Speaker Stereo & MP3 Disc Player w/ Aux Plug. Power windows and locks 17" wheels and gas shocks. No leaks!

Taking the doors off, takin the tops off and going for a nice relaxing ride through six inches of mud... Four wheel drive plows through the mud. And after that you can take the drain plugs out of the bottom to hose off your Jeep. But mud does add character

The whole Rubicon package. Lifetime powertrain warranty. Top-down fun for the whole family and SuperDawg!

Being able to take the top off and have an open Jeep

Handling, front driver/passenger room, fun with the top down and the air and heat are perfect top up with those 360 degree air vents

As in the past, off-road capable, although the V6 requires some getting used to. It requires more rpm than the old I6 to get the same results it seems.

Stereo, Freedom Top, 4 doors make this available to a broader Jeep fan base.

Everything. Looks like a grown up car, but all the parts come off for fun just like a real Jeep.

Hard top and after market items available already. It's quieter than my 2005 Chevy Colorado. Very solid. This the family's 5th Jeep (3rd Wrangler).

4 door convertible, how can you go wrong?

I love the look (mine is Rescue Green). People stare at it wherever I go. The off-road ability is legendary and I can't wait for the snow. Having a 4-door, 4x4, convertible is just plain cool. The Ininity stereo system has much better sound than I ever expected. It's a Jeep.

Redesigned in and out, nicer audio system, I dig the new BFG mud terrains instead of the Goodyears. Electric Sway bar disconnects are very convienent, and of course, off road capabilities that cannot be surpassed by any other vehicle!

3 way option, standard shift is better than expected

Four doors, dual tops, 'flenders' of plastic, cargo space, front seat height adjuster, 

Fun driving around town without the top

4 doors, 5 seatbelts, removable top, selectable electronic lockers, electronic swaybar disco, really good sound system. The seats are just firm enough. The fog lights are phenomenal. The absolute most effective OEM lights ever.

Fun to drive. Sits up high. Good looks. Looking forward to towing behind motor home also. 

Doors off, top off, and room for two car seats, with kids. 4X4. Cruise. Room. Seats. Engine. Sirius. The whole vehicle. Haven't found a problem yet

Four doors great little engine nice hard top and plenty of room for my family

Easy fold down soft top, satellite radio is great, very comfortable, and like the "hidden" storage space in the back.

Exterior looks. Be prepared to answer all kinds of questions by people on the street! I love this vehicle!

Locking rear cargo storage, Dana 44 rear axle, 4.10 gearing, the wide fender flares. 

The looks, the soft top, the versatility, the amount of fun it is to drive and the 4 doors.

Straight axles, Rock-trac 4:1, 4- doors, stock MT tires, electric lockers, electric sway-bar disco(no more laying on my back pulling out rusty pins). Quieter new soft top, Rock-rails stock, high pinion front diff, Sunrider top opens up quick, and enough for a good open air feel with out having to store a top.

Hard top, exterior looks

The looks and the ability to take the top off. Stereo is system is incredible. Drives well.

Smoother ride than expected. 3-Piece roof. In Oregon where it rains, taking off and putting back on the two front pices in less than 5 minutes is great. 

Dual-top option. Improved drive train. Four doors. Excellent cargo capacity. Adequate towing capacity 3500 lbs. Great driver seat. Tons of after-market stuff coming into the pipeline for mods. You feel like you can go anywhere and you probably can!

None

