Volume control on steering wheel.

I like the style

Quiet ride, air conditioning, stereo and highway mileage. I have gotten as high as 27.5 on the road while driving 65 mph.

Looks. Heated seats. DVD. 

Sharp exterior

Seats fold flat in back, lots of interior space, comfortable ride

Love the performance and the interior! I moved with this vehicle. It was perfect with the back seat down 7 ft of cargo length. WOW

I like the panorama vist sunroof, seating comfort is great, rear seat legroom is great.

Engine, Exterior design, AWD



Excellent power, great seats, simple but easy to use options 

Initial quality is good. Smooth ride. Just the right height.

Nav and vista roof

The looks and comfort. Rides very nice and the stereo sounds good. nav system is great, this is my first one. has more than enough power.

Powerful engine that cruises effortlessly at high speeds; looks; solid build quality. 

Style, style, style. Great looking vehicle. Lots of cupholders and leg room. Love that the back seats recline. The vista sunroof is very nice. Very comfortable seating.

The steering wheel redundant controls. Rear seat recline. Body styling (so cute) Gas mileage. The headlights come on when you unlock it. Smooth and quiet ride. Agility and horsepower. Satellite radio

Large moonroof and smooth ride, great gas mileage too. It even has an iPod function to plug one in and play it over the stereo.

I love everything about my Edge. I will let anyone test drive it anytime. I haven't had anyone yet walk away without a smile on their face yet.

The look, interior space, opening size for rear doors and rear hatch, 6-speed tranny (responsive downshift), Safety features (ratings). Reliable; know a regional service manager for large rental company, Edge blows away its domestic brethren, far fewer trips to the shop, noted impressive build quality

Sunroof, styling, ergonomics, creme brulet color, handling, interior and exterior lighting features, smooth transmission, quiet engine and cabin, space inside, (especially considering overall size), safety features. The SEL+ is the way to go in this vehicle.

Vista Roof (BAMR)and great rear seat room. I read the reviewers complaints about no third row seat. If it had one we would not of bought it. It is a sporty people mover with style. The handling is superb and very confident. I like the balance between ride and handling - Ford nailed this one!

NAV, Audio, & Sirius. Seat position is perfect; good lumbar & nice to have telescoping wheel, too. Flex seating opens up a lot of cargo space very easily. Exterior design is striking - neighbors thought it was luxury import. V-6 & 6-sp tranny are smooth, powerful, and take regular. Many others.

The Edge looks great from all angles and is very comfortable inside. The reclining rear seat is great when riding in the back with our new baby. Plenty of room for all of our stuff. The panoramic roof is awesome!

Steering wheel controls

All wheel drive, back up sensors

The handling and style

It really is a fun vehicle to drive and looks sharp in copper color. Controls are easy to access



I love the vista roof, and the ride is very nice. 

Looks, ride, and handling

I am happy so far with the gas mileage, the ride and handling are great. Not to big and not to small. Turning radius is excellent. Seats are comfy with a very luxurious ride.

Navigation System, reverse sensing system, styling and comfort

Ride. I think this would be a great vehicle to take a 2000 mile road trip in. Love the Vista Roof.

The windshield is huge, I see everything. The back is roomy enough for my 6'3 husband. 

Exterior design (with roof rails), quiet.

Quiet and smooth as a Mercedes, and the amethyst color is the best!

Panaramic Vista roof, Audiophile radio, comfortable seating, lots of cup holders, 

Acceleration, power, heated leather seats, reverse sensing system and of course the main reason to get an Edge, the Vista roof!

Reverse sensing system (a must in this vehicle), driving position range of adjustment, memory-seats.

Plenty of head space, touch screen radio and navigation. Excellent compartments for stuff.

Exterior styling and color. I have the Copper Metallic. Very modern, hip looking SUV. The Vista Roof is also awesome. 

Vista roof. Middle arm rest/storage area. Solid feel around corners and curves.

The fact that our 3 yr old daughter, while in her car seat, can not kick the back of the passenger seat when it is all the way back! Smoothness of the power train and comfort of the seats!

Navigation system, auto lights, the ride! Just about everything!

Great power, handling and comfort. Took one long trip so far and got to our deatination without feeling like we had been confined or punished like some other vehicles we have used in the past. This is a keeper.

It is surprising, but it has more interior cargo room than the Explorer. The SEL plus allows the front passenger seat to fold flat as well. 

I got the fold-down seats including passenger. Successfully transported 8' lumber already!

All features on seats, controls, and interior are great. I love the look of the vehichle. It greatly resembles the Lexus without the price!

Vista panel roof, killer sound system, and the most comfortable seats!

Engine, ride, heated leater seats. The 18" wheels are a must!The look of the dash. Style!

Sirius, trunk volume, quiet at all speeds, smooth V6 with the 6-speed - can hardly tell its shifting!

Smooth ride, driving experience, power and nav system. Steering wheel with all the controls. Very roomy. Didn't get the panaramic roof but maybe next time.

I have a grille!

Roll stability control hugs the road. Nav and menu as easy as an ipod. ipod jack and mp3cd capable. Panoramic sunroof is a must have. All the Lexus computer features like tire pressure, heated seats, memory seats, wheel controls, mpgTrip, etc. The sport ability of overdrive for gear tightening and engine braking.

Styling, V6 engine, awesome white stitching on the black leather seats.

Vista roof, ride quality, exterior and interior design, and sound system!

Handling, interior, seat fabric quality, appearance and quietness at all speeds. Ride!

Interior and exterior design. Responsive handling. Large moonroof.

Vista Roof, Audiophile sound system, charcoal interior.

Comfortable. Larger armrest storage. MPG is a little better than most in its class.



Sun roof, overall look.

Navigation system. Seat quality. Appearance.

I like most of the Edge's feature but my fav is the stereo system. Six cd changer, mp3 and a free six month satellite radio.

Traction control, steering wheel audio controls. 

Appearance, Power Train & Vista Roof.

I love everything about the Edge, including: the Visa Roof, V6 engine, charcoal leather seating, and navigation/stereo system. Overall, this car has great fit and finish!

Looks, ride, comfort.

Vista Roof, navigation system, very comfortable seating and plenty of head room.

Huge sunroof which is my kids' favorite. Quiet ride. Good looking style. Spacious 2nd row.

Handling, room & comfort, & safety. Panoramic vista roof. I read the reviews and drove all the cars that I considered. The reviews help you to focus on strengths and weaknesses (and sometime conflict) but in the end think of what is important to you and make your own decision. Hope this helps.

Center console space and ergonomics, NAV/Audiophile system, one touch button release for the second row seats to expand the cargo room.

Panoramic vista roof. New 6 speed auto that gives smooth ride. The color (mine is the one on TV ad) is very attractive. The center console that can hold my PC and cellphone. Quite ride and nimble turning on highways.

Comfortable seating front and back. Controls within easy reach.

The "automatic" fold down 2nd row seats, handles on the bottom of the rear hatch, vista roof.

The exterior styling....BAM! Pictures do not do it justice. In person, it is big and bold and grabs your attention. It came down to the Edge and the Hummer 3 - chose the Edge due to its ride and more modern appearance. The engine and transmission are smooth. Two thumbs up on the Vista roof.

The sun roof which goes as far back as the back seat.

The huge Panoramic Vista Roof. A powerful engine and it uses regular unleaded. Great style.

Pretty decent sound on the stereo with an input jack for an iPod in the center console. It comes with Sirius for 6 months, then you pay up or drop it. Include rubber mats are a nice touch and the rear seats can be folded down with one button from the rear hatch so you don't have to walk around.

An ample cargo space behind 2nd-row. Center console that can hold my notebook PC. 6 speed auto. Nice-looking instrumental panel.

I really like the design inside and out. Seats are very comfortable. Got the seafoam grey-all my friends like it -lots of room in the back seat. Don't like the way the console is.

Exterior and interior design as well as mileage are probably my favorite features. I feel safe in the car with the side and front airbags. Handling is tight - which I like.

Comfy Interior, Decent MPGs for a vehicle in this class, Reclining back seats, Smooth, quiet ride and excellent handling. 

The seats are so comfortable.

Design of interior and exterior. Back seat folds down, lots of room for skis and snowboards. Goes anywhere in the snow (when not in the shop)

Heated seats, super comfy. Everything at my fingertips while still giving me space. 

Color- dune pearl

Exterior design 

High driving position, road handling ability, style, and ride comfort.

Good sound system. Nice layout of dash and controls. Good power. Like the vista roof, except the rattles

Looks, quality, handling, vista roof, workmanship, performance, and comfort. Also the split seat. I can haul 8ft items.

Controls on the steering wheel, dual control air conditioning, excellent front, side, and rear vision.

Very attractive exterior. Rivals the looks of the Lexus RX300 for a lot less cash. Drives nicely, dependable. Roomy. Solid sound system.

Comfort, height, color, mp3 jack, fuel mileage and turning radius (definitely). Tons to love about this vehicle.

Styling--both inside and out. Legroom- -very roomy...back seat legroom is almost limo-like. Powerports everywhere. Power-heated seats with memory buttons, heated mirrors, mpg hwy, comfortable seats, dual climate control, automatic rear-view mirror, reverse sensor..many more

Ride height, visibility, and looks. At a time when so many vehicles look alike, at least you know what it is coming and going. (Although new 3bar grille on its Fusion and Taurus' do look alike. Great leg room front and back. (Who needs a 3rd row of seats?)

Audiophile sound system sounds fantastic! Sporty, aggressive appearance (and power to match). Second-row legroom, cargo capacity, comfort, and fit-and-finish inside and out. Very quiet (Ford says quieter than a Lexus RX330, believe it!) 

Gas mileage, exterior color, Orange metallic.

Looks. Comfort. Seats. Ergonomics. Quietness at speed.

The Edge is a great looking SUV. We got it because of the exterior design.



Interior and exterior have beautiful designs. Interior very comfortable. Feels solid and safe.

The style. Vista roof is awesome! Sporty looking.

The sun roof is great

I liked the looks and the AWD. The room and versatility of the interior was the major selling point for me.



Excellent road manners, silky smooth ride, excellent cruiser

Quietness going down the road, its quickness and handling and roominess

Ample amounts of power under your right foot when needed. Spacious cabin for those seated. Comfortable ride. Respectable fuel economy (22/23 hwy at 75 mph).



The ride and the looks. GPS is great, I have never had that before. Horsepower is nice when needed.

Everything!

Styling, roominess inside, reclining rear seats, engine has some power!

Leather, remote start and heated seats. Very quiet and handles well when going 65, in snow and curves. seat set controls. Access to controls on wheel. Safety features. 

Back up sensors, audio controls on steering wheel, Sirius radio 

The vista roof and luxury feel.

Vista roof!

Looks great, drives good, easy to manuever and park. Lots of room on the inside!





Sirius radio, big sun roof, memory seat, lots of bells and whistles.

The sunroof is great. Also, the seats are so very conformable.

I love the chrome grille, I miss seeing chrome on vehicles. I love that I can plug my Ipod right into the car and there is alot of ports to charge all my stuff. The vents that blow the A/C to the back seat are very appreciated. The center console is big enough to hold lots & wide enough for 2 elbows.

Quiet, comfortable, peppy, and looks great. The size is just right for my needs.

Sirius Sat. radio, great stereo system, back up sensors great for parking garage!, controls on steering wheel, seating position & confort, auto dim mirror, contrast stitching on heated leather seats, back seat reclines. AWD and stability control great in snow/ice/rain. Light sage metallic color.

Roomy (We have four person family), versatility, styling, safety, power, & vista roof. I also like the tire pressure monitor, it came in handy twice when I was getting flats (nails) and allowed me to get repairs without getting stranded. Headlights are excellent.

Ext. styling, versatility of CUV, engine, transmission, sat. radio, seating position, overall fit and finish is good. 

Memory seat setting. General looks.

Vista roof, nav and sound sytems, also really like the 18' chrome!

Looks, price, stereo, smooth shifting, quick.



Nice ride, smooth and secure on snowy/icy roads (which is common here in the U). Poor gas mileage and wiper system make this vehicle ruin this vehicle.

Heated seats, I'll never be able to go back. Very roomy and comfortable, best leather seats we sat in for cars in this class. Rear-sensor as there is a bit blind spot in about all CUVs nowadays. Plenty of storage in center console. Rear seats fold down from the back via button, very convenient.

The looks of the Edge. And the ride, I really like the ride



Quiet interior, nimble handling, great curb appeal! Service great at our dealership with some extras we added!

Vista roof, 18" chrome wheels and sporty look.

Aux plug for iPod, storage, Vista Roof, cup holders, comfort, telescopic steering wheel, and reclining rear seats.

Comfortable seats and great gas mileage for the type of vehicle. It feels and is safe, which is nice if you spend a lot of time in the car. Satellite radio and I- Pod port are nice too.

Overall look, feel of the car and the GPS



Fun to drive, you feel really safe. Body shape. Responsiveness of the steering. An engine that responds. Quiet ride. NAV and DVD systems. 

Versatility, looks and all wheel drive.

Quiet ride, very comfortable. Both my husband and I are pretty tall individuals.

Vista roof of course, Sirius satellite, comfortable seats, roomy trunk space.

The quietness, horsepower, roominess, sat radio, and looks

Vista panoramic moonroof, navigation, reclining rear seats, styling, leg room in front and rear, build quality is comparable to that of a more expensive vehicle, sound system is impressive sounding.

My favorite feature is the Panoramic Vista roof. So nice to have now that the weather is cooling down in Phoenix.

Looks, power, ride.

It looks great and driving is pure fun.

Memory seat, dual climate control, vents in the back, handling, quiet ride, satellite radio, body, new Duratec engine (lots of power)

BAMR (of course) Quiet. Excellent seats, and space flexibility

The ride. XM radio and the back seats, especially since the recline!

Vista roof, nav, leather seats, exterior design (really sharp), handling, comfort, size (not to big not to small), AWD system and price.

Color, performance and Sirius radio

We prioritized: comfortable ride for 4 active adults with room for golf clubs. Power was a must to be able to run the mountains in Colorado at 70+ MPH. Handling musts are met with the AWD. We love the Vista roof and viewing the mountain canyons is a real treat. Recommend the Sirius and the 9 speakers

Body style. Fast. Comfortable. Handles nicely. Great price for what you get. 

Roomy interior, comfortable seats, great power, sporty.

Controls on the steering wheel, Sirius radio is great, A/C is very cold. Visibilty is good



