Blue inside gauges for speedometer & RPM's, nice body style for these year models. Love the low profile tires and 17" 5-spoke rims. Nice sporty style. Car seems it's going to do really good in the long run (so far!!) Love the rear air vents for A/C heat for back passengers, aux input jack for ipod!

Mileage! This car is fast and fun, yet still gets 24 city and 30 hwy. Not bad for as much fun as it is!



6 spead, turbo, looks, every thing.

Handling and performance are great.

Looks, solid feel while driving, great steering and firm seats.

firm seats are good for my back, heated seat to warm me after skiing, esp in snowy conditions, side mirror heaters, washer fluid heaters, attention to detail that some don't notice or appreciate. Solid feel at any speed.



Power is adequate and can be prone to smoking the tires for some distance with the ESP traction control off. I found this out by accident one day when I decided to see if the ESP made any difference. I think the car is more fun with it turned off. What do you think:) Car has lots of cool features.

Leather, Sunroof, and Stock Stero

The ground effects and spoiler, chrome grille, wheels and heated seats.

The leatherette seats, ride, trunk room, heated seats, intuitive controls, rear climate control, styling, and safety features.

The satellite radio, smooth transmission, great ride, roomy trunk. nice interior design, easy to change oil/filter, easy reset maint computer. My son-in-law enjoyed the guitar for Christmas. I am glad to find nice people at VW, since Honda was acting too arrogant for me.

The great price and heated windshield washer squirts.

The overall appearance. 

The Aux input for my new guitar and iPod.



The appearance.

The overall value of the Jetta is hard to beat. My new 2007 is my 4th VW and it is good to see that the company finally decided to get back to it's core roots. Mexican assembly has helped keep the cost down so let's hope that German work standards have not been eased.

The dash is laid out nicely.

I love all of the safety features, the sunroof, and the red and blue dash display helps to set it apart from the green and orange of other cars. The Jetta's smooth ride, comfort, and pick up are great. I could just keep going!

At least there is not much wind noise on the highway.

The ride and handling.

The color combo...black with beige leatherette is very stunning. The seats are very comfortable, they hold you in place with good lumbar support. The great crash test ratings a plus in the Jetta. This car has solid road handling and pulls you through the curves. It has a great rear view mirror. The interior red/blue instrument lights are easy to see.

The interior is amazing for a car that costs less than $20,000. I like the ambient red lighting at night. It has substantial passenger and cavernous luggage room (bigger than my previous Taurus). I like the torquey, great sounding engine. All-in-one package with no options needed.

The smooth ride, the fit of the car, and how it is very comfortable.

I like having a manual transmission along with all the top of the line upgrades.

The large trunk and comfort for long trips... I put in a couple of 780 mile days. This car is a joy to drive at any speed and on any road.

The safety of the car, the seats are good for my back, the sound, and the headroom.

The handling.

The stylish looks, loads of power, great fuel economy, and lots of trunk space.



The Aux input In is my favorite feature. It allows me to use my iPod.

For me the thing that sold me above all else on the Jetta was the quality of the interior materials. I looked at many other cars in its class and none come close to the interior quality of the Jetta. 

It has a nice leather package. The steering wheel controls and digital information center are neat. I like the upgraded 17" wheels. It has good trunk space for a compact car.

Standard Sunroof,Heated Mirrors,Side Air Bags,Leather,Heated Seats and Heated Windshield Washers....All Part of the Wolfsburg Pak.

Heated seats especially in the winter time, fun to drive and reliable.

Looks- inside and out. This W/addition has lots of extra features for a good cost compared others of same class

Looks.



5 speed manual stick, heated seats, highway handling.

5 cyl gives a little more power then most of the Jettas 4 cyl competitors. Very spacious compared to other cars in its class. Smooth on the highway and pretty good in the snow. Materials used inside and out look like quality components. They also don't get dirty fast and are easy to clean.

Fun to drive, accelerates quickly, safe

Nice sound system for being stock. I like the interior design, especially the stick shifter...nice detailing. 

overall a nice car if you don't mind paying 300+ every 15,000 miles to replace rear pads and rotors



The sunroof presets, the tiptronic transmission, the solid feel when driving, the easy to maintain leatherette seats that heat in less than a minute in the winter. I also love the blue and red display.



Just about everything...and that sexy growl when accelerating! 

Leatherette heated seats, heated mirrors and huge trunk space.

ALL

I like the way that it drives and handle but the brakes are a deal breaker.

Handling, 6 speed tranny, sound system, solid feeling.

I enjoy all the "standards" that comes with the Wolfsburg edition. Very large trunk was an added bonus not expected, but appreciated.

Fit and finish, leatherette, satellite radio, ipod outlet and handling.

Love the electric window controls. Nice seats. Very German.

The interior. The design and quality of the interior are amazing. The leatherette is a nice feature too. Who needs real leather when you can have something just as good?

Sunroof, blue and red dashlights, build quality, leather look alike, tons of standard features, sound system the small but powerful engine and I kind of like the loud exhaust note.

I enjoy the heated seats, and the 6- disc cd play and the in-dash display that gives that status of your car. The GLI has good pick-up for 200hp turbo!

Turbocharged engine, heated seats.

The inside interior is smooth leather and in interior lights are great. The automatic power window for front and back.

Best steering wheel ever! Above average trunk space. Sporty leather seats. 

Excellent handling, braking, simultaneous 4 window control, large trunk, pop up trunk lid, 6 cd changer in dash (instead of trunk), windshield wipers slowing down at red lights, set volume on stereo to be same at each start up, and increase on hwy. 

Fun to drive. Headlights are very bright. The car is sporty. Power windows and radio still work after you turn the car off. Keyfob trunk release is cool as it opens the trunk for you. Two power jacks in the car. Moonroof air vent is cool. Turn signals on side mirrors are nice.

My favorite feature is the heated seats and cruise control.

Turn signals in the side view mirrors are a cool touch. It's nice that you have like 25 different speed choices with the windshield wipers. A/C vents for the rear passengers and A/C for the glove box!

The Sport Transmission feature plus the option to shift manually provide a lot of flexibility in different driving situations.

Moonroof, sport mode, ESP, emergency brake assist, adaptive steering, telescoping wheel, lights in mirrors, individual interior lights, 8 speaker stereo, large trunk, storage compartments, glove compartment cooler, heated seats, keyless entry, rear a/c vents, magazine pockets, dashtop vent.

Trunk space, good pick-up, lots of features, handling.

Luxury items, like heated leather seats. And big time safety features. You don't have to look for lower insurance, just buy a Volkswagen!

MP3 auxiliary jack, sun roof, leather interior.

Build quality, many standard features, handling, comfort. Excellent tiptronic 6-speed automatic transmission.

The sunroof, alloy wheels, and the VW emblem inside the headlights.

Interior design.

Great acceleration, lots of room, tiptronic transmission, comfortable and quiet ride, large trunk, heated seats, sturdy, lots of safety features.

Love the night blue glow, the sound system is outstanding, the arm rest is a plus and the solidity of this car is awesome.

The monster mats that came standard with my car have kept the carpet clean even in muddy slushy winter weather. 

Auxiliary jack for iPod, sunroof, heated leatherette seats, tiptronic manual, chrome trim on exterior, overall upscale look of interior cabin, huge trunk.

Almost everything in this car is great! 2.0 turbo engine is fast, torque everywhere, DSG is unbelievable - handles like an F1, responsive steering, quiet ride, etc. I can go on and on. Looks sporty and luxurious. Good gas mileage (25-32 mpg). Built-in satellite radio, 6-disc CD changer, etc.

Performance, DSG transmission with paddle shifters and tiptronic options, style (except for tail lights), wheels, chunky steering wheel, trunk space, interior dimensions, exhaust growl, platinum gray color, satellite radio, aux input, launch control (haven't tried yet), aftermarket compatibility.

The dash lighting colors are very nice, seats are comfortable, and the trunk is cavernous. 

Heated seats, iPod connector, room, pickup.

Leatherette, heated seats, sunroof, great stereo, tons of airbags, huge trunk, gas mileage... I could go on an on!

Package 2 leather seats, aluminum trim and pedals, bright xenon headlights, trunk space, smooth turbo power, thick sporty steering wheel, lane change feature, multifunction steering wheel, gas mileage, the blue and red interior displays, blue tinted glass; I added a spoiler.

Wolfsburg edition.

The torque is amazing!! Don't let the horsepower numbers fool you. Drive it!

Love the design and quality of the interior. Lots of trunk space and the Sirius radio is a pleasure.

"Smart" radio, tap turning signals, 6 STANDARD airbags, safety features, styling, comfort, gas mileage, reliability, full size spare, TONS of standard features.

DSG automatic transmission.

Tilt/telescope wheel. MP3 jack. Comfortable seats. Large trunk.

Perfomance of the car. Good gas mileage but need premium gas.

Water bottle holders, audio auxiliary output.

Heated seats, leatherette, all the cup holders.

Handling.

Gas mileage... averaging 31mpg, trunk space.

Heated seats and controls. Sunroof. Interior design.

Acceleration!! Braking! Highway cruising.

Great acceleration for only having 150hp, smooth & comfortable ride, interior gauges have an awesome color, and most importantly a best buy for the price compared to other vehicles within the same class, doesn't feel like you're driving a tin can like most of these imports-VDUB has found a new fan!

This car has good interior and exterior design features that pay attention to detail. For example, tap the blinker lever and the blinkers blink three times then disengage. This keeps my hands on the wheel and my mind on the road.

The body style and interior design.

The 6-speed automatic transmission and 5-cylinder engine. It is a h huge difference from my 2000 Jetta. I love the interior as well, and heated seats are a plus.

6-speed Tiptronic transmission, heated seats, aux. input for iPod, and interior room and styling. 



The black exterior with beige interior; heated seats and mirrors; Wolfsburg package

The console and dash lighting is awesome, with two small detail lights over the console to give some light while driving. The sport mode on the Tiptronic is to die for. The detailing of side panels and plenty of crash protection are a major plus for any car, this has both. 

The heated seats, sunroof, roomy interior, well-designed exterior, blinkers on the side mirrors, large trunk, fold- down back seat. 

It has a nice exterior and interior.

The safety features.

The options package is great (I live in the Northeast, where nasty weather is a problem). The telescoping steering column is also great. Auto up/down on all 4 windows is also great - I can't wait to enjoy the car in the summer weather as well!

The heated seats, acceleration, comfort, saftey, and handling!

They ditched the over-the-CD player dinky cup holders, and it doesn't smell like crayons. Popping the trunk actually pops it all-the-way open. The heated seats! The tire pressure warning indicator. I like how this is such a safe car. I also like the AUX input in the glove box, but why in the glove box & not in the center console?

The heated seats, manual transmission, interior layout, and leatherette.

The ride, fit and finish, value, safety and overall "good feeling' when I drive it.

The quality interior, very comfortable seats, large doors for easy entry and exit from front and back seats. It feels like a quality car.

I love the heated seats! It only takes them about 30 seconds to warm up, even when starting the car on a winter morning (I do have a garage, though). Also, I love the MP3 connection. The heated water for the wipers is a nice feature as well. All four windows go up or down when you press the button once.

