Room, build quality, Bose stereo, engine performance

I love the ground clearance and the off-road handling. I plan on adding a wench and tow hooks (just in case).

4.0 power, good ergonomics (consider coming out of a 2000 Explorer), good site lines, 3rd row for kids (who are also the only ones who will sit back there).

My favorite has to be the heated seats & the Bose system. I also like to the comfort of knowing the air bags will protect my grandchildren if needed. 

My favorites are the running boards, and you have to get the splashguards to keep it clean a lot longer than with out. Also I love that the rear seats lay down flat for camping. And the all around auto touch power windows are the best.

The third row seats are a favorite with the kids.

Navigation, 4 wheel drive system, lots of power, very comfortable to drive. Heated seats.

I love the way the seats hug, the leg room/head room, and the style of the interior and exterior.

The engine is great. It sings when you step on it.

More cargo space than the Ford Explorer, usable 3rd row seats, powerful engine, snazzy looks, standard trailer hitch, power-adjustable pedals.

Design, utility, comfort.

Good power, plenty of seating, able to tow, good ground clearance, truck frame.

Smooth, smooth, ride. This is not like driving a truck, despite the rugged exterior.

Driving position, power, exterior design, steering responsiveness, road feel.

Exterior style, interior style, comfortable driving position, very quiet on the highway (low road noise), dual A/C controls, factory Bose stereo sounds very good.

Sunroof, drives like a car, heated seats, and radio speaker placement. I can hear it when I drive!! 6,000 pound tow capacity! Looks like a luxury vehicle.

Handling, definitely the Bose stereo system, the comfort is excellent, and the way the seat is a little higher makes me feel I can control it easier. The ride is smooth, even over bumps. The dual air in the back rocks, love the hard cover in the back seat fold down for spills etc., overall awesome.

Rear air conditioning/heat vents, rear seats fold completely flat, low entry height at hatch, interior layout and looks, bose stereo, exterior looks.

I love the handling and stability. Heated seats, iPod connection and my garage door opener in the rear view mirror are great options. I love pretty much everything about this car 

I love the nav and the DVD package, seats are great, the ride, love the room you get in this vehicle.

rear body, looks so cool the size, it's worth every penny for the amount of steel built onto it. dual temp controls for drivers and passenger, wonderful feature. That's winner feature. Super easy fold down and very flat 3rd roller. Great feature, very roomy. Leather pkg is a must have. It's really cool

I love the rear air and the radio controls on the steering wheel.

homelink, 18" wheels (sitting high up) side air curtains and BOSE 6 disc cd. Handles great and super pick up for a heavy vehicle. 

Plenty of power

Sat radio, nav , aux input for ipod, leather seats, ride comfort and looks.

Interior is laid out perfectly, the telescoping foot pedals, three seats.

2nd and 3rd rows are comfortable and fold flat. No carpet in the cargo area means no stains to try to clean up. Auto up and down window on drivers and passenger side. Lots of curb appeal! Go anywhere attitude. Height and visibility are excellent for a SUV of this size. Miles count down to empty tank.

Driving position, kids 3rd row, easy flip up 2nd row seats, Bose stereo, birds eye nav view, responsive engine, dvd component location. Seating configurations and quality leather and seat materials. Storage capacity and holders. Doors open wide to provide easy entry in 1st and 2nd rows.

Trunk space, third row, storage space, room

