Heated seats, AC throughout the van, reclining seats as well.

Handling, comfort, power, economy, standard features abound

Price, Warranty, Plenty of Power, Comfortable, Great Looks, cargo capacity, Power Doors $ liftgate, Great Highway Fuel Economy, Fun to drive for a van.

Very comfortable to drive. Very quiet. Feels like you are floating on air. Be careful or your speed gets away from you because of that. Side doors windows roll down. Very nice feature! Lots of nooks and crannies.

Safety, power, interior quality, controls and price.

The extra room in the LWB model. The fold away third row. The power doors. 

1.) Kid doesn't vomit on long trips anymore. 2.) I admit I like the sliding doors. IT makes it easy with kids. 3.) Seating for 6 and the ability to stow the third row. 4.) Value for the money.



highway acceleration. when entering the traffic the pick up is great

Safety features,sunroof, and functional side windows, DVD, great infinity stereo, sports tranny,10 yr warranty, leather int, excellent . storage, power doors, The van is nicely put together- exterior panels fit well, paint if far nicer than my new Honda. You will be impressed with this van

Power sliders and hatch, sun roof, dvd player (a godsend on a long trip with 3 kids) wireless headphones, quiet ride, and safety features.

This van is comfortable and fun to drive. In fact, after we drove from Charlotte to Washington, DC, with a couple of passengers last November, we decided we no longer needed a second car and sold our Avalon in January. We like the responsive engine, and the many compartments (like a double glovebox)

The utility.

I like the way the car handles the road. It is stable in turns and seldom bothered by windy conditions.

Remote button to open the back liftgate, automatic seat positioning, with two memory settings for the driver, cup holders are actually deep enough to prevent spills. Tri-level heat and air conditioning controls. Engine and transmission is a great combo. Lots of power! Great looking van, also!

Safety. Top crash results. Comfortable, dual control air conditioning, fold down rear seats. Did I mention safety.

5 Star safety all the way around Sturdy and very well designed. Tows 3500 lbs without modifications (with trailer brakes)

Powertrain, PRICE, Manumatic transmission, Interior room, Comfortable seating, Maneuverability, Storage space, Windshield heater, User friendly controls, Manual adjustable seat, Fold flat rear seats, sliding door w/power windows, Comfortable ride.

Standard Safety features, sunroof, side-windows come down (great touch KIA), plenty of storage, memory seating positions for drivers, leather w/heated seats, adjustable pedals, wireless head phones for DVD player, easy to move seats around, very room, best feature- the VALUE.

My favorite features are the fold down tray in between the driver and front passenger seats, very handy. The glove boxes, there are 2 and they are roomy. But I really love the two rear windows, they roll down, I have never seen this feature in a van before. 

Power trunk and side doors. 

Family likes the DVD player. Ability to roll down 2nd row windows. Heated front seats. Remote sliding doors & liftgate. Radio volume can be controlled from the steering wheel. Price was good for a car with all of these features, but the reliabilty is poor. Adjustable foot pedals. Lots of airbags. 

Middle row power windows, folding armrest/cup holder tray, well thought out storage and seat configurations and dual power sliding doors.

Comfortable, stable ride. Nice supportive seats. Plenty of room for the kids.

Cargo capacity , engine performance.

Power liftgate is very handy. I love everything about this van. I love all the built in safety features. Feel very safe driving at night in a downpour - solid vehicle that feels solidly planted on the road. Auto dimming DVD screen is very nice. Chevy did not do that.

Power sliding doors and liftgate, the passenger room, the cargo room, it's stylish, it has the best value for your money, it has roadside assistance!!

Leather heated seats, power everything, child mirror to watch the kids, roomy, great air condition and love my blue color.

Roomy direction is really soft transmission feels great interior looks fantastic sporty design exterior

Multi zone climate control, comfortable seats, lots of pick-up, handles well, easy to see instrument panel and easy to reach controls.

We love the bucket seats in the middle row and the push down seats in the rear. 

Looks and interior room.

5 star impact ratings in all 4. 250 HP and comfort. Great A/C system.

It's designed for a family with plenty of cupholders and spaces for things. Even the short-wheel base is roomy and comfortable for 6 people. 

Engine from the Hyundai Azera. Powerful, simple, timing chain driven, should prove reliable and low maintenance. Smooth five speed transmission. Middle row windows that power way down, remote entry key system, back-up sensors, tire pressure monitors, dual power seat adjustments on doors.

Fold flat 3rd row seats, tire pressure monitor, comfortable seats and ride, stereo and 3 climate zone control.

Rear folding seat. Powerful engine. Power windows on sliding door are a big plus. Controls.

Price, warranty, versatility.

Power package with power doors and rear liftgate. Middle row captains chairs are very comfortable. Lots of storage compartments and cup holders.

Parking sensors, DVD, audio system, engine power, handling, seat comfort, power seats, cabin insulation, air conditioner, 3 rows climate control.

I like the visibility, and the rear door inside handle. I am a disabled vet, and can still easily remove the seats and roll them into storage when needed.

The exterior design of the car is beautiful.

Memory seating positions for driver and adjustable brake and accelerator pedals. Captain's chair in middle row. Third row fully collapses flat. Power side doors, and hatch. Three independent temperature control zones. My daughters love the DVD player and the middle aisle (she calls it the walk-way).

Power sliding doors and rear hatch. Fold flat split sliding chairs. Air bag canopy. Seating position, comfort and dual power seats. Tons of cupholders. Tri-zone AC. VERY powerful engine. Better grade fabric than Honda. NO RATTLES or SQUEAKING unlike other new cars I've owed with as much miles. 

