TPS, great stereo system, seats supportive, great visibility, privacy glass no charge for third seat. Spare tire not a favorite. 

Safety, vision, and ease of parking. 

Smooth Ride, interior look, blue interior dash lights, cup holder light, lots of room,turns on a dime.

High off the ground, large sideview mirrors, comfortable seats, nice interior blue dash lighting, soft ride, powerful, quiet!, and the rear sensors for backing up are AWESOME!, sideview mirror signals, sunroof.

XM radio. We would have loved blue tooth and navigation system which was not available on this first model

The exterior look and the all wheel component 

605 Watt radio, adjustable petals, strong engine but should have the gegesis 3.8 290 horse engine in it, super comfortable ride, high quality inside and out, beautiful styling, and great warranty, and no problems after 2years and love the Michelin tires, and the black diamond paint, and is very quiet ride 

The only nice feature with the vehicle is the style although, there is a very bad blind spot on the rear quarters that almost got my family killed. The lights are bright and this is also a hazard, since everyone hits you with theirs, even though you do not have yours on. 

Road noise is very high in this car, which I enjoy since it makes the premium stereo hard to hear.

Heated seats, AT rear hatch, backup sensors, great stereo, dual AC, 3rd row, quietness, AWD, and all the safety features

high quality,and 605 watt sterio,and dvd entainment,exellent six speed,and great engine,does not need a v8

The ride, the ride and the design, inside and out. The versatile power seats, the controls on the wheel and the auto A/C. Ive already gotten a lot of miles out of it just showing it off.

Price and standard features and warranty won us over. We have always purchased GM products 40 cars in 42 years of marriage.

Blue interior lighting, AWD, leather seats, puddle lamps, back up sensors, power lift gate,dual AC, dual power seats 

Warranty, safety features, price, 3rd row, sliding 2nd row, ride quality, interior/exterior design

third row,XM radio,MP3 disk,smooth drive, people thinking im driving a lexus.

Very comfortable seats (leather). XM radio (I just left the Dark Ages). Bewildered stares at traffic signals. 3rd seat folds down flat for excellent cargo space. The warranty. Nice smooth ride and decent acceleration.

dashboard

The complete lack of noise. Very smooth shifting. Seat comfort. And love the XM stereo.

Stereo system and rear DVD entertainment system. I didn't know what it was like to have the kids quiet in the car until now.

Great design inside and out. Beautiful dash and matching interior, three rows of seats and lots of room in the second row for your legs. 10 year 100000 mile warranty.

AWD, 3rd row seats, sliding 2nd row seats, safety rating, warranty, interior design, fuel efficiency for an SUV, smooth and quiet ride, rear heat and a/c controls, XM radio. Standard features are abundant. Cost less than the competition-what's not to like!

605 Watt Infinity Logic 7 Surround System. Killer for the price. Butter smooth Aisin 6-speed.

Spacious cabin with a well designed interior. Fit and finish. XM radio and quality of`the`sound system.

XM Service, Infinity Stereo, Heated Leather Seats, Large Sunroof, Simple to use Trip Computer with MPG, Average MPH and miles before empty, Cooler Box in Center Console, Blue Dash and Mood Lighting. 

Interior is superior.

Everything. This car looks like the mixture of new model of Acura MDX and the Lexus RX300 with the high pice tag. 

all controls at hands reach,third row seating unmatched,xm radio built in 

People think I drive a Lexus SUV

Sliding second row seats. Rear climate controls. Strong V6. Bright headlights. 3rd row seat. Smooth quiet ride. 

Adjustable petals, 600 Watt radio rules, excellent quality, great ride and visibility, excellent design, michilin tires, powerlift gate, smooth six speed transmission, 3.8 engine, dvd player, quiet inside, lighted door scuff panels, fun to drive, dash layout is outstanding and easy to read, beautiful dash lights

This model doesn't come with a lot of feature so id say XM. Mood light is pretty cool. Luv the blue display light. Those who live in Tex should go to Huffines. And no~ I don't work there.^^ 

xm radio

Design, ride, controls. Very comfortable ride.

600 wat radio,dvd,ultimate package,sport shifter,if driven properly you will get at least 24mpg,and i get 26 with two wheel drive.love the genesis,but if Hyundai would offer the v8 engine from the genesis with the full 375 hp,or the 3.8 with the 290 hp from the genesis,i really love this car.

Head lights are super brite auto dim rearveiw mirror, handles curves awesome and fun to drive

I just totally enjoy driving this car

Interior design.

Best 3rd row seating available (including the new Toyota). Spacious.

Great looking interior, very nice materials. I like the exterior styling.

Well put together, well organized, good gas mileage, and lots of pep.

Life gate, easy controls, heated seats, smooth ride

Style.



The car it self is a joy to drive are ride in.For me every thing is easy to use.

Absolutely love the seats, the look of the interior and the third row seating. My 17 year old son at 6'1" loves it as well as he gets stuck back there most of the time. The cargo space with the seats down rivals that of my Astro Van.



Transmission, quiet motor, looks, warranty



rear A/C control and roof vents in B pillars and each rows roof line,blue LED's are stylish,(even cupholders!) Puddle lights. Trunk power supply

Drives like a car and not to big.



Had EVERYTHING we wanted at a terrific price. The others we considered (CX9, Acadia/Outlook, Highlander, etc) were all good but either were short on features in comparison or cost considerably more to do up equally. Warranty!

I thought the warranty would be good, who knew I would need it so soon - this is my first Hyundai and so far too many problems

Lots of room with 2 rows of fold flat seating, integrated DVD entertainment system is great. Full controls for AC, DVD from the rear seats. Lights for each row and seat postion. 110V AC outlet as well as 12V DC outlet in the rear, great for the kids and keeping the notebooks/iPODS going. 

Great ride. Good room but not too big.

The ride is the quietest and smoothest I have ever experienced. The base sound system is awesome especially with the XM package. The blue interior dash lights are very cool. Love the heated seats too. I get alot of favorable comments from people on the styling and overall looks of this 'Cruzer.

Leather package incl: power, heated, leather seats, sunroof. Nice Seat quality... not too hard, not too cushy. Love the "back-up warning" system. Love covered cup holders (if they get messy just flip the top down and hide them). Great sound w/6 CD changer & XM! Neato "Cool Box" keeps drinks cool!

high quality,quiet,and the car is very elegent and we are very proud of owning the vera cruz.we get 24 miles to the gallion,and will hit 25 mph after we get more miles on the car.now have 3000 miles.love the transmission,and it really works with the very smooth and powerful 3.8 .engine.



The appereance

There are so many: Pedal adjustments, sunroof, mute button for stereo, cooler, DVD and tire monitoring system. I love the keyless start!

Third seat better than most other brands

Power lift tailgate, radio controls on steering wheel, fold flat seats. 

great looks and nice soft ride

Cargo and passenger versatility

Power liftgate, easily adjustable crossrails, fuel economy, cooler storage, puddle lights, Moonroof, and the 18" Michelin Tires ROCK!

Outside appearance, 18" wheels, towing ease, sportronic tranny

Interior design and solid features. Stereo and entertainment systems. Headlights, interior space, and overall smoothness of drive.

The sound system, the smooth transmission, the gas mileage, and oh the mood light.

Large interior feel yet easy to drive like a car. Rounded exterior design/spoiler/tinted windows/pretty hubcaps Interior - Easy access, roomy 3rd row that folds flat and second row folds flat, roomy 2nd row, night time blue lighting, middle and rear a/c controls

The exterior styling. The driving smoothness and comfort.

Puddle Lights, Power tailgate, Backup warning system, Power tilt and sunroof and XM Satellite Radio. 

comfort, roommy,silence

Rich looking interior and lots of details, excellent design.

I like the backup warning signal and the roominess. Also I like the dual A/C controls and the XM Radio feature. Also the 3rd row seats that fold into the floor.

Cooler in the armrest. I wonder why someone else had not come out with this earlier. Kudos to Hyundai.

Keyless entry, 600 watt stereo, built in XM, RX features without the price, quiet ride, 6 speed transmission, interior design, thoughtful driver controls for radio, AC, XM and cruise control, fuel economy.

Auto windshield wipers, blue-lit dash, nice looking leather int., clolour (Dark Bronze/black, 18" wheels, tinted rear seat windows, rear alarm

Drive,control, ride, power tailgate, convenient controls, storage compartments and pricing for a car with so many luxurous features.

Stereo, DVD/headphones, quiet smooth ride, features for the price, led lighting, power when I need it.



Killer Infinity sound system, smooth and quiet motor, 3rd row is actually usable.

The dash looks sleek and luxurious, cabin materials, fit and finish, sound system, comfy seats (I find it really comfy myself), wide cabin, sexy looking exterior, elegant looking interior.

All the safety features possible plus keyless ignition, XM radio, dvd, compass, passenger spy mirror, laptop plug, comfortable rear seats, backup beeper alert, and adjustable steering wheel and pedals. What's not to like?



very smooth on the open road. small turning radius makes for easy parking. 

Favorites.....seats, comfort, air, dvd, ride, sunroof, classy interior, classy exterior.

Suggested Improvements

I love everything on it. I like the proximity key the best.

6 speed transmission, Dual A/C, XM radio, Flat cargo area when rear seats are down (for the 2 dogs), quite ride, seating quality, quietness, and fuel efficiency for such a large vehicle.

Auto stick, body design(I love pulling up to the Lexus RX350), standard chrome tipped dual exhaust, smooth ride on bumpy roads.

Roomy interior

Dual HVAC, logical and well designed interior, incredibly quiet.

Fantastic interior room, beautiful, as well as comfortable leather seats, great stereo system, love the dual climate controls in front, as well as the cool blue backlit lighting on the dash. No more fighting with husband about air being too high.

Quietness, comfort, style, room. 

It's soooo quiet, seats are very comfortable. The dealer offered a maintenace package that I thought was a great bargain (all sschedule maintenance for 5 years for $800..more than half off normal). A colleague at work said he couldn't believe I could afford a Lexus on our salary. :-) 

Interior style, Infinity 605 watt with MP3 ability, XM, keyless entry, smooth and quiet ride seating for seven and much, much more.

Proximity key- you never have to take the keys out of your pocket. Fit and finish, Lexus-like build quality. Very smooth and quiet. XM satellite radio.

Key fob for keyless entry & keyless start, Incredibly smooth & quiet ride, all 3 rows have comfortable seating for adults, DVD w/wireless headphones, MP3, 6 CD, XM Radio, Infinity system sounds better that Bose! Interior trim is very rich-looking. 10 yr/100,000 warranty! I love everything about it!!

The interior room. I am a large man and and can get into the front and rear seats with no problems. The third row not some much but I have no intention of riding in the third row.

The silky engine and transmission combination! The Shiftronic Transmission makes it sporty and helps when I'm pulling my boat. The stereo set up is awesome! My dealer offered a 20 Year/200,000 Mile Powertrain Warranty. How do you top that! 

comfortable seats, TONS of space, third row seat is very spacious, SMOOTH ride, center console with cup holders for my kids. 

5 year 60,000 mile full warranty. I can already tell we are going to need it. 

Interior design. Controls, XM radio, everything at your fingertips, good air vents throughout the vehicle. Good visiblity. Very comfortable seating. Great entertainment package. Back up warning system.

Limited Package (the value in this is unreal); near perfect balance of power and fuel economy; power lift gate - not really a necessity... but it's cool; chiller box - good for bottled water; styling - chickish, but not overly so; quietness - wow, is this a Hyundai?

unlike the other 6speeds transmissions,this one works like a rolex,and works with the engine the way it should,dvd,power liftgate,605 watt sterio,powerful 3.8 engine michelin tires.

automatic rear hatch, std third row seat, leather/interior materials, and infinity sound system.

Pleanty of leg and seat room for both driver and passenger. Mood light and interior design.

The stereo, rear-park assist, power liftgate, conversation mirror, leather seats, memory settings for seats, neat storage compartments, easy LATCH access, fold-in mirrors, interior looks.

Man, where do I start? Cool box in the center consel, 110 outlet, LOTS of seat and shoulder room, awsome stereo, cool blue-lights in the interior, tons of safety features, memory buttons that remember EVERYTHING, "Intelikey" system, Conversation mirror, powerful engine, smooth ride...and on and on.

