listening to the exhaust note with the top down, 6 speed manual tranny, color (sunset pearl)

Engine power, Convertible top ease of use, and gas mileage 19 City, 24 highway.

Color, overall design that you don't see very often, V6 engine, top opens at the push of a button, MP3 6 CD changer is great. LED tail lights are nice, usually only see those on more expensive cars.

Its a sharp looking car

Front wheel drive, more comfortable ride than most comparables, more room for stuff,enough power in the 4 cylinder yet good gas mileage, an easy up/down roof, great sunset pearl finish, (Metallic copper), great stereo, lots of compliments

Satisfying engine rumble when you let loose, stereo is awesome, *decent* gas mileage, convertible top is quick and of good quality, pretty comfortable and roomy up front (the back is a different story), handles well.

The hide away top in the trunk is awesome. My friend has a convertible mustang and it flaps in the wind, good design on the spyders part. The stereo of course is awesome but does rattle the sub when it gets to a certain point. Very fast and fun to drive. Duh it's a convertible....enough said!

Stereo, short-throw shifter, accelearation, stereo, body design, driving without a roof, stereo, handling (at 40mph+), blue-lit dashboard, stereo, ABS (comes in handier than you might think), this car just plain makes driving enjoyable for me again :)

I love the unique sexy color of orange that I have (sunset pearlescent) something that you don't see everyday. Also love the sound system. You get a lot of attention top down and up.

Hot seats, drop top, great handling, radio controls behind the steering wheel, and acceleration.

Convertible top.

Clean lines inside and out, interior lighting and comfort, exhaust, quick and efficient top stowaway, torque, the looks it gets, Fosgate soundsystem, even the attention to detail with the way the headlights are designed. With the 20" rims, it's drop dead gorgeous!!

600 watt 6 disk CD changer. 260 hp. Automatic top. Sweet shifting the 6 speed.

The sporty look. The color. The responsiveness, the dash board colors, and even the electric roof when it works properly. I like the fact that there is effectively no back seat.

Awesome looks, great power and stability, an incredible sound system.

The drop top down on a warm Saturday with the stereo blasting!!

Sound system, power convertible top, and overall interior.

Love the style. Other folks do just what I did, Look and then look again. Love the automatic top up and down feature. Something you would expect to find on a much pricier car.

Speaker in rear seat.

Looks, performance, stereo system.

Heated seats. Auto climate control. Windscreen. Looks, handling, performance.

The 260 horse power engine has great torque. The convertible top operations is an engineering marvel.

Love the style, color is great... stereo is fantastic. Love everything about the car except the seats and the pulling to the left.

I am a large man and the front seats are roomy and comfortable. Sexy car to look at.

Power top.

The color, looks, power, shifting, and ride.

The 650 watt Rockford Fosgate stereo, subwoofer built into the backseat, and the audio controls on the back of the steering wheel.

I love the new body, it is sleek and it makes a fashion statement. The stereo is the best.

The looks, paint choices (Sunset Pearlescent), performance, how fun it is to drive, the short easy shifting, and how it both handles and rides well.

The stereo system the exterior and interior of the car.

The exterior is really nice.

This car has style! I love the looks - inside and out. It has a great sound system, too.

The whole car. I really enjoy the styling and the ease of the convertible top operation. This is my 2nd Spyder and they just keep getting better. The paint and build quality appears to be really good and my Spyder is the Satin Masaei Gray Pearlcoat with Aero, Sport and Premium packages. 

The body styling and interior layout.

The convertible top ease of operation. The built in compass and the outside temperature thermometer. The feel of luxury.



The great stereo system

Some of my favorite features are the sound system and the heated seats. Plus the whole look of the car.

While driving this Beast of Beauty, and listening to my sounds with the convertible down it makes driving a brand new experience from anything you have ever driven with the deep seats that make you feel secure with it down, the car hugs you. The sound system is really nice with that monster subwoofer!

The smooth high output engine and of course the Rockford Fosgate stereo which is better than the one in my new Jaguar S-Type.

The style, hideaway top, fingertip controlled radio with great sound system, 18-inch rims, 260 hp engine, heated seats and outside mirrors, automatic climate control, and how it has enough room for golf clubs. 

The ease of the convertible top, sexy styling, very good gas mileage, shockingly fast acceleration for a 4-cyl engine, KICK- BUTT Stereo, stereo controls on the back-side of the steering wheel, how fun it is to drive, and the suspension is perfect - not too stiff or too bouncy. This car's fit and finish is excellent, very BMW-like.

I love the seperate seat heating, the fast takeoff, and the ease with which the top goes up and down. I also love to watch the hatch pop up. I get many comments on that feature. The sound system if fantastic and I love that the stereo can be adjusted on the steering wheel.

The top, stereo, color, style, and waranty are great.

The handling is great. The engine gets good gas milage and the 4-cyl. is very responsive.

My favorite features are the outside design, the attention to detail on the inside, the awesome sound system, and how easy and fast the top comes down.

Everything is very sporty. It has a fun enjoyable ride and a great sound system to go along with everything.

The feel of the car when driving it, it rides very nice, the stereo is awesome for a factory stereo. And the gas mileage is not bad either.

With the top down it is still quite quiet. The sound system is an 8 out of 10. The ride is a 9. 

Um, the convertible top! The sound system is very good. Sportronic is fun. The interior design is clean and intuitive. The steering wheel controls are easy to use. So far I like it all. And a it comes with a warranty that I hope the car never needs due to the great workmanship.

The sound system, interior design, and sporty driving.

The Rockford Fosgate audio system and great seats.

I love the great seats, you'll fit in them not like the models in the past. It is near how the top is hidden when down, you only see that on the high priced cars, The sound system is A+.

I love the ssound system and blue light at night on dashboard.

The convertible top is easy to use. The sound system is awesome. The interior is comfortable and beautiful

The sheer joy of acceleration and the ability to corner at speed.

Top storage, sound system, and body style.

The sound system, sportronic trans, and rag top.

The top - easy to use and no fuss. great stereo and comfortable, supportive front seats.

The comfortable leather seats, power convertible top, temperature control, eighteen inch wheels and sound system top the list with other thoughtful features such as the alloy fuel door and pedals.

I love this car's smooth lines and exterior appearance. It looks great with the top up or down. It has nice exterior light designs and great wheels. The GT model's stereo has excellent power for a convertible. I love the subwoofer appearance. It has great accleration, great shifting, comfortable seats in front, cool blue dash lights at night, and a large trunk.

The great engine / throttle response, steering feel, zip, and engine/exhaust "sound". It has great convertibe top operation.

Ease of putting top up/down. Overall look of vehicle. Seats are very comfortable. Turns easily and can make very sharpt turns. 

18" tires, Fosgate stereo, hide away top, heated seats, and painted rims.

My favorite features would have to be the seats. I like the way they feel when I sit in them. I have sat in nicer seats, but they are good. It rides nicely, not like a Caddilac or any car with air ride, very nice. This car is smooth and easy to control. It was a good buy for sure.

