Fuel economy , Interior room

I love the style, versatility and handling of the vehicle.



ride, style, performance- options. versitility. comfort- comfort - comfort. 

Room and Storage, Looks, Power seats, fuel economy, Navigation, DVD player, Back Up sensors

I bought this model to load dogs in and out - SO EZ! I love it. Older dog easily gets in/out with mid seat out of way. I call it my wagon on steroids. 

That self dimming mirror :-) And the heated seats in winter, Mmmmm :-) I love the trim as it is, understated and classic.

extremley roomy, love the middle row - able to walk in between to third row,also love that 5 of the seat fold down, the leather is very comfortable, the dash board is stylish -w/crome , lots of cup holder's,good seat sizes.

Mileage, seating capacity, very comfortable ride, nice looking, CVT is smooth.

The AWD in tough road conditions, the smooth transmission, the room in the third row, plenty of space all around. Great car to take on trips.



Lot's of seats. Power seat. Driver and passenger individual controled heat and air.

Love the CVT and the climate control. The MPG is exceptional when you use the CVT properly.

Intuitive controls - easy to program and set. Peppier than I expected this vehicle to be: don't be put off by criticisms of the engine until you try it. Plenty of legroom front and back. I've always found the exterior design to be attractive.

We got the leather option, and the seats are very comfortable in town or on the road. A sensible amount of engine power, great mileage. Back seats easy to manipulate. Handles well.

Third row seat, flip up seat, easy to vacuum or carry big boxes.

Handling is awesome. Not a sports car but corners very flat. No body roll at all. Accelerates well enough when you put your foot in it, just makes some noise while doing it.

Oh my, I have so many favorites. I just love it all.

None

The engine. We averaged 20.5 mpg for the trip and we moved right along no matter what the terrain. Excellent disk brakes at all four wheels. Ride comfort, visibility, seating for 7, luggage rack, controls for rear heating, air, and ventilation. Easy to move in tight spaces. Backup warning indicator.

Heated seats, sleek interior, responds great, multi CD player and the dual climate and third row seats. I was glad to find out they didn't discontinue it. It should have been more widely advertised, it answered most if not all of my requirements.

Seat memory, seat heaters. Stereo and radio control on steering wheel. Compartment on dash

CVT with small V6 quite economical. Sound system excellent! Sunroof a pleasure.

Love the comfortable interior and the smooth engine/transmission. The car has plenty of power and gets great fuel mileage for a fairly large vehicle. The car has been totally trouble free since new. I wish I could have said the same for the 5 Mercedes I owned that cost several times more.

Leather seats, AWD, rear air.

Combined highway/city mileage averages between 24 and 25+ MPG for a very sizeable vehicle. Not hybrid numbers for sure, but better than many CUVs/SUVs. This car is criticized for it's "underpowered" V6, but with $4.25/gallon gasoline, I'm happy to sacrifice acceleration for better mileage.

Smooth transmission, excellent acceleration. Driver's seat just hugs the body - like driving in a really comfy armchair. Great space in the interior; really simple mechanisms to take advantage of a variety of seating positions; never thought I'd use reverse sensors but they're handy too.

The 3.0L 4 valve DOHC 6 cyl works well with the CVT. It always seems to be in the power band. Navigation system is easy to use. The heated seats are the best.

Loved the CVT. Loved the seating. Could see perfect out the front window clear from the back seat. Lots of room. Didnt think I would use it but loved the reverse beep.

Smooth acceleration (CVT), mileage, ride, nice looking vehicle, flexibility for carrying passengers or cargo.

I like the back up alarm. It has come in handy a few times. The room inside is very big. My grandson likes the back row seats and the plugs for his toys.

CVT, chassis, styling, handling

 I like the handling on our South Carolina secondary roads . I appreciate the kindness at the fuel pump 21 to 24 in town and as high as 27 on the trip west. I like the roominess and reminds me of my first love the 57 Mustang

Gas mileage is great for a big vehicle. All kinds of room. Very comfortable on long trips. CVT tranny is cool. I picked up the extended Ford warranty which is solid, along with 4.9 financing. I'm good for 100k or until 2012. More room and a better layout than any minivan. This is a no-brainer.

Tri-zone climate control. Premium sound CD changer/MP3 rocks. Leather is comfy - though I should have gotten heated seats. Handling much better than expected.

Spacious, comfortable seats, 3rd row...everything!

First, the comfort. Seats are great. Then, moonroof! Turn up the Sirius radio, and I don't even mind construction zones. Then, the cool 3rd row reverse seats! I didn't even know these flipped like this when I bought the car, but they are so cool. Great for watching sports, parades, anything!

Comfort, comfort, comfort. My husband is disabled and when he could back up to the seat and sit down, that was what convinced us that this was the vehicle for us. Everything else is gravy! 

Moonroof, flip and fold rear seats. ease of use of all controls.

AWD and seating arrangement

Realistic 3 row seating, driver comfort. center consoles on front and mid seats. The fold down seats are a breeze to use compared to the mini van I had previously. And we are getting much better mileage than listed. What's not to love?

Smooth CVT transmission, best crash protection possible in a vehicle, great fuel economy, everyone got good view of the road, quiet ride, it got contemporary styling better than "other" crossovers starting to get weird shapes, lot of room + leg rooms

Seven passenger seating with flip and fold third row. Fuel economy. Lots of compartments for stuff.

The best feature is the AWD

Smooth ride, excellent temp control, good legroom all three rows, split 3rd row seat allows me to maximize both seating capacity and cargo space as needed, like back-up warning signal

I really enjoyed the CVT, which is much better than an automatic trans., though it does take some getting used to. It is odd to hear an engine rev up to 2.5K RPM and stay there as the MPH ramps up. Under moderately heavy acceleration, the RPM sometimes dropped as your speed increases.

We really like the combination of the engine and the CVT. Very smooth and just enough power and plenty when you need it for passing. Fuel mileage has been about 22 combined and 26+ on the one trip we took so far at highway speeds.

Memory seating, DVD, navigation, leather seats, CVT, mileage.

Steers and handles like a smaller car with great acceleration.

Power moonroof, dual digital air in front, AWD, leather wheel, and all the saftey features! Love the two tone white and tan in the SEL model!

Adult room in all three rows of seats and easy access to third row; lots of cargo room. Heat/cool air ducts in ceiling in back rows; good passenger comfort. Handles very well. 

the seat distribution

Seat heaters, cargo room, climate control system.

Moon roof and dvd system.

I love the CVT transmission. Driving in the mountains of California is a pleasure. No more feeling the up and down shifting. Just a smooth change in rpm to suit what ever power is needed to climb the hills. The variable seating configurations are also very convenient.

Nice interior and a lot of leg room. The exterior is very nice looking.

The instrument panel displays readings for every fluid level, tire pressure, fuel cap, etc. Also like the digital compass, mpg reading, trip timer/meter. The stereo is GREAT with the added subwoofer and 6 disc CD. Love the stow-and-go seating in the rear seats and the rear temperature control.

Outside looking, CVT transmission.

Flexible seating. Firm leather seats, back seat climate control, AWD & CVT, tons of room.

Lots of storage room, flop down seats, heated seats, back up sensors.

Comfort, performance, economy and overall quality of the vehicle. Excellent fit and finish. This is a great car at any price but for around $30,000 well equipped, it is a bargain.

Multi-CD MP3 player, folding seats (all but driver), back-up sensors, automatic lights, steering wheel control, cargo space (even with 3rd row in use).

Interior design. Exterior looks.

Extremely smooth shifting, responsive steering and good fuel economy. I love the hauling and seating capability.

XC90 based, European firm but not harsh. All seats fold flat. Theater seating, my 6ft frame is comfy in 3rd row. Storage areas. Durable leather seats. Buttoned down styling. Compared to SUV's, you'll get 20 to 50% better mpg. CVT, like driving a golf cart. In-dash CD changer, MP3, dual zone A/C.

Comfort, room, and mileage. Car feels very safe and secure.

Nav and radio. Heated seats.

Fold flat third row, wireless DVD headphones, very quiet interior even on highway, comfy seats (have leather), BEST A/C without a doubt.

Rear sensors, comfortable ride. 6-cd player, climate control, sun/moon roof.

The interior is well laid out and the ride is extremely comfortable.

