Second row captains chair, powerful engine, and smooth and refine ride.

Good DVD player. Like the power outlet in the back -- my kids can plug in their Playstation for long trips. Decent seats. Good flexibility in folding/storing seats. AWD is surefooted on snow.

A lot of leg room in all three rows. I like the 7 seat arrangement with captain seats. This makes things a lot easier when buckling kids into car seats in the third row. Can't imagine having a car without this option!

Power! The ease of putting down or pulling up the rear seats for extra cargo space. The safety rating and reliability. Automatic turning off of lights to preserve battery if left on, or door left open (which the kids do at times). Automatic door lock once taken out of "Park", window locks.

Acceleration | massive interior space | smooth ride

Efficient, smooth, powerful engine.

 Steering wheel controls for radio. Windows go down on second row seating.

The overall design is good both inside and out.

Power, gas mileage, room, reliability.

Power, fuel economy, and features.







Horsepower. Comfort features, i.e. cupholders and storage. 110 volt power outlets. Superb handling,

Power under foot, stability, handling in snow & ice

Powerful engine (for a minivan), high grade interior materials, built-in window shades, turn signals in the mirrors, perfect fit and finish, nav system, plenty of interior room, power rear liftgate, memory driver seat/mirrors, back up camera.

Size, fuel economy, comfort, DVD player for the kids, about a gazillion cup holders, storage everywhere, smooth ride, build quality.

The ride, the disappearing seats, comfortable seating, lots of storage, the large area inside the car, all the bells and whistles (they are fun!), terrific radio, auto temp. controls (3 way), neat DVD, plenty of pep and of course...Toyota workmanship.

Sliding door, child peek mirror, engine power. Seat ease configuration. 

The second windows are moveable, the dash is attractive and easy to see, and the turning radius is the best ever!

I love the home link and the way you can configure the seating arrangements.

Better than expected gas mileage. Plenty of power. Large spacious interior. Quiet engine.

DVD system, airbags, leather, great design over other minivans. Comfortable.

Rides and drives like a luxury import sedan. Smooth and controlled. Fantastic power! Lots of places to put stuff inside. Very good mileage.

Strong performance, quiet, smooth ride, tight quality feel, good roadability/handling, decent gas mileage.

Comfortable seating in all four captains and an actual usable, kid/small adult, comfortable third row seat. Love the tray/cupholder between the front seats. Lots of storage bins/slots/cups. Nice fit and finish. Well engineered all around! 

Very quiet engine, spacious rear cargo area, plenty of head and leg room for tall people (I am 6'3").

Very comfort, outlook and hp much better than Nissan and Honda.

8 seats, comfortable.

Solid feel. Powerful engine.

Yes, this is the Lexus of minivans. Smooth, comfortable and quiet (for a van) and visibility is best. Gearshift positioned well. Great steering adjustments; side sun screens a bonus. Instrumentation generally accessible but reading manual is a must.

Power, heated, memory seats are a plus! Moon roof and sliding door power windows. Tri-zone heating and a/c. Power open/close sliders and tailgate that can be controlled by the key remote or inside of vehicle! Did I mention the DVD/LCD player?

Engine, comfort.

Vehicle stability control (VSC), traction control, navigation, automatic dimming rear-view mirror, and smooth highway driving. I like the chrome look on the grille.

Seats that are firm, a lot of nooks and crannies to store my things.

Power sliding passenger door, smooth ride, roominess, intrument panel illumination, overall look of exterior style.

Power liftgate is awesome. We thought it was not a necessity, but after having it, I don't know how we could go without it. Built in sun shades are very useful and having them integrated in the door gives it a nice finished look.

Lexus-like comfort, supple, absorptive suspension, lovely interior, great power. Key fob controls for side and rear doors work better than honda's version. 

Power sliding door and radio controls.

266 horsepower!!

We like the VSC and TRAC. The dash lighting is a noticeable improvement over the 2004 model. We like the added 4 wheel disc brakes and the side air- bag curtains. The best value has to be the CZ add-on which includes VSC, Trac, rr discs, pw frt seats, turn ind on side mirrors and the moonroof.

Versatility for hauling people and things over long distances and around town.

Navigation, bluetooth, power liftgate, 8-way adjustable seats and lots of storage.

Nav system with BlueTooth. Easy to learn and use. Have loved integrated bluetooth for 3 years (prev. car). Laser cruise control is phenominal. Gained confidence fast. I actually drive slower but more relaxed. Excellent when the traffic is moderate and all over the place. Xenon lights.



VSC (stability control), TRAC (traction control). I have tested both and they work great. The power and ride are awesome. Fuel econ is as expected. I can move the middle seat, 2nd row forward for my daughter to be closer to me.

Look and feel of the minivan overall. Ride quality and craftsmanship of the interior. Nice touches on the interior, doors lock when you put it in Drive. Plenty of space for the car seat. Love the 9 inch DVD player. Full side curtain airbags with ABS, vehicle stability control, and traction

New gear shift console and dash layout. The interior is very comfortable and has plenty of room.

Nav system, dynamic cruise, limited bumper already covered in clear protective plastic to prevent chips. JBL stereo system is quite nice. Still have less that 600 miles, but I measured 22 mpg on combined hwy/cty. Power folding mirrors are very nice to squeeze into the garage.

Nothing special about the Sienna.

I like the wood trim. The leather is nice. I like the automatic shift that is based on the Lexus RX, and the strength of the car.

