Great front seats, very comfortable; lateral support low, but didn't buy for fast cornering. No engine noise at hwy speeds, big trunk, tons of leg/shoulder/headroom up front. Nice leather. Highway ride smooth, not floaty. Very stable at high speed w/good passing power. Handles well for fwd car.

Leather seat-and-sunroof package. Powerful turbo engine that's fun in a straight line/highway drive. Smooth highway ride. Strong, clear radio. 

Great front seats, very comfortable; lateral support low, but didn't buy for fast cornering. No engine noise at hwy speeds, big trunk, tons of leg/shoulder/headroom up front. Nice leather. Highway ride smooth, not floaty. Very stable at high speed w/good passing power. Handles well for fwd car.

Comfortable seats, features, heated seats, sound system, electric memory seats, turbo engine, luxurious handling.

Very nice interior, very comfortable seats. Smooth ride, handles great in poor conditions. (mine is AWD) Mileage is good for this vehicle. It's heavier than the standard S60 which makes it's road performance overall much, much better. And yes, the stereo sounds great.

Interior quality, build (unique body style), the sound system, AWD in deep snow. The car is awesome.

Comfort of seats, stereo, acceleration.



Looks, quality, sound system, ride, handling and exclusivity.

Turbo, front seat comfort, styling.

Active yaw control, Brembo brakes, distinct sleek styling inside and out, advanced AWD system, and of course the excellent engine. The car feels like a luxurious rally car, especially when driven hard. It lacks the brute force of my M3, but it's nearly as fun albeit in a completely different way.

Very quick. I love to drive it on winding country roads. Comfy seats.

HU-850 is vast improvement. Turn signals on door mirrors is great. Love the Tucana Steel!

Turbo, all wheel drive, electronically adjustable suspension, supportive seats.

300 hp, heated front seats, variable transmission. I also like the fact that true car aficionados KNOW this car. They see the "R" on the front grille or back trunk and give it the room it deserves. I LOVE the fact that other people don't know about the R... until you speed away from them at a light!

So far... Front seats/comfort, home link, headlights (they move), geartronic shift and fold flat rear seats.

300 hp and low RPM torque, 6-speed manual, powerful brakes. Intuitive interior features and surround sound stereo.

Exterior styling with sport rims and spoiler. Interior appointments - fit and finish, totally sick sound system with 13 speakers (Dolby PL II), good handling, totally fun to drive. Flexible platform for different driver (me - my wife) tastes (sport versus luxury). Good gas mileage.

Have not drive the car enough to have one.

Comfortable seats, good pick up, Xenon headlights

Leather seating, heated seats, large trunk space, strong radio, good gas mileage, respectable acceleration.

Variable chassis (comfort, sport or advanced) makes this a car for both me and my wife. Comfortable and appropriately-sized cabin leaving room for others without making the car a boat. 

AWD and DSTC. The interior is also very comfortable with heated seats and a good radio

It has the sport package with the geartronic transmission...it's fantastic. I can always switch over to manual when I am in the mood to utilize the 208hp or I can enjoy the comfort and luxury of a volvo when my kids are in the car. 

The interior especially the seats

Beautiful design inside and out, Exhilarating power, Powerful brakes, AWD, Great sound system, Soft clutch.

gas mileage

Roomy interior, firm handling

Leather Sport Seats, more comfortible than any other auto; Turbo response excellent; ease of interior dials; radio and CD terrific

