Gas millage, appearance, both interior and exterior, performance is a pleasant surprise.

Being able to drive on electric only by gauging the stop and go traffic ahead and then recharging the unit as traffic gets past 40 mph. And then seeing 44 mpg on the electronic readout.

Large fuel tank/long range, comfy seats, good ride/handling, right size, attractive styling, easy to use and painless to drive.

The seats and braking system.

Besides the fact that it handles like a dream and is gorgeous? I love the Bose sound system! And the seats get so snuggly warm on a cold day. Excellent visibility for both short people (me) and tall people (hubby). heated mirrors. Extendable visors and darkened upper windshield.

Traction Control, huge glove box, tilt and telescope wheel, sporty style, dual zone climate control

Less gas and it runs on regular. The interior is very roomy.

Performance, Bose sound system, backup camera, lumbar support. All this with good fuel economy.

I like the compartmentalized glove compartment, it makes reaching for manual and records easier. Back support is surprisingly good.

Mileage, style quality construction

My purchase of a hybrid never would have happened if I was to be stuck again in one of those small jobs, this mid size was perfect. This car does not make me feel like Dork numero uno. A bit shallow maybe, but that's the way it is. A great feature was the tax break I received back then.

The style. Gas mileage. Driving in EV mode at up to 40 mph. 20 gallon gas tank

Gas mileage!

Electric mode indicator and mileage indicator. Roomy interior. Smooth highway cruising. Quiet and efficient climate control. Good quality base music system with aux input.

Hybrid and gas mileage. Filled up once in the first month. Also love the various displays on the dashboard. My wife loves the style and color (red).

Keyless entry and push button start. 

Cool dashboard and high performance suspension but it is the hybrid engine and horsepower that I really love. This car really gets up and goes.

The hybrid. Just love the mpg. Also like the mute button on the radio, express down of driver and passenger windows. I also like the comfort buttons on the steering wheel for cruise, stereo, etc. Solid and quiet.

Fuel efficiency, push button ignition, easy access key, auto headlights, steering wheel radio controls, power driver seat, tax credit, 20 gallon gas tank, dual auto climate controls, odd but pleasing orange outline display.

Excellent gas mileage, Best seat that gives me the best posture, external style, electric (EV) mode driving (so quiet), quite highway driving.



Cute looking and better size than other similarly priced hybrids.

Designed like the Infiniti and similar to Lexus GS & ES without the price tag.

Styling, fuel economy, quiet, the horse power, push start ignition.

Bose audio system, interior layout, driver comfort (I'm 6'2"), performance and handling is very good given it gets 33+ mpg, keyless everything (once you have one of these, you don't want a conventional key ever again), back-up camera. Surprisingly, rivals a 2004 Audi A8L I leased for last 3 years.

Sound system, quiet ride, keyless entry and push button start, cruise control.

Quiet, smooth ride.

Comfort, push button start is pretty cool and the quietness is wonderful.

It actually PERFORMS! The keyless ignition, the steering-wheel mounted controls, the moonroof that ADDS headroom instead of removing it. Lots of storage in the passenger cabin. Controls are simple and intuitive. It looks GOOOOOD!!! Mileage is much better than a standard Altima. Body is quiet!

I love the sound system! Everything is so easy to use. The nav because it is easy to use and the backup cam is very helpful when I try to park. A lot of cup holders! The interior looks amazing when it is at night. Very pretty orange. Didn't expect orange to be pretty until I saw it in the Altima!

The bluetooth connection, navigation system is really intuitive to use and the power of the car added with savings of gas - you get best of both worlds. The external appearance is really nice. The keyless start is also quiet convenient and I'm starting to really like it.

Comfort, gas mileage, driving position, ride, handling, push button start, visibility. 

Leather interior, nav package with touch screen makes for ease of use, energy flow screen very nice, energy history confusing and I find it to be unecessary, driving the vehicle for such long distances (so far up to 2.5 miles continuous) in electric only mode is outstanding.

Satellite radio, navigation, back up camera, bluetooth voice activated phone, and keyless system.

EV, keyless drive, plenty of cup holders and nice storage.

Great gas mileage for a good sized car, beautiful exterior, good warranty on the hybrid components, luxury car fit and finish, quiet ride, lots of storage compartments including a huge glove compartment, trip computer, intelligent key, low tire pressure indicator.

Quiet operation in EV mode. The fact that I can fit (there's not enough headroom in the Prius or Camry). The availability of 200 HP in a hybrid vehicle and the standard VDC, traction control and alloy wheels. 

Intelligent key, auto-up/down on both windows, EV Mode.

Fun to drive. Good looking sport sedan. Good in town gas mileage. Less expensive than the primary competition. My wife is crazy about it. I think the latter reason is the decision breaker.

Comes standard with stability, traction control and a dual zone automatic climate control. Really like the intelligent key system and being able to travel in the "stealth" mode for more than a mile sometimes. Don't forget the tax rebate either.

Appearance, fit and finish, handling, performance, and economy.

Gas mileage - I haven't driven on any long trips and since I've only had the car several days, not much to judge by, but I love it when I drive and look at the miles I have left on gas tank and it increases after I've driven several miles (MPG increase).

Hybrid system (especially electric motor assisted acceleration) and kW meter challenges driver skill and rewards with great mileage. Handling and braking is better than I expected, and climate control with dual front cabin controls is excellent. Fit and finish inside and out is superior.

The EV mode, of course! I love the steering wheel audio controls from the Convenience Package. The hybrid comes standard with an aux port in the radio (for iPods, etc.) and dual climate control. Plus, it's just a hot looking car. I really like the updated body style.

Awesome nightime navigation display, heated seats, push button start, rear view camera, and how silent the car is. 

Styling, good mpg (struggling for 40 but probably need engine to break-in) Currently at 36 in 70% city driving. Handling, performance, navi, AC, bluetooth, remote start, backup camera etc.

Keyless entry/start, 35 MPG so far in 550 miles, nav unit is great, Bluetooth is wonderful, CVT is really smooth.

Hybrid drive of course, gas mileage, car looks, and the little plastic pull-out thingie on the sun visor to block sun from side windows.

excellent exterior look, hybrid technology, dual exhaust, great looking interior, overall quietness when driving, excellent handling, on steering wheel radio controls, radio quality, Federal Tax Credit for buying a hybrid.

Exterior looks great. Interior is comfortable and quiet. And of course mileage

the power in the engine...and the acceleration...when i floor the gas pedal...

Smooth ride and quiet operation. Plenty of room for occupants. Great looking car

key less entry,start button ignition, voice recognition, blue tooth, auto-dimming mirror, rear video camera, leather heated seats, aux input for ipod, programmable garage door opener in rear view mirror,Nissan engine, Toyota synergy drive...and on top of all that, its design is very appealing

