Love the computer info from the dash, (tire pressure readout, mpg, miles left of fuel, etc). 3rd row seats are easier to remove/install. 8/4 cylinder control is neet.

Seats, captain chairs, DVD player and horsepower.

The look of the Exterior. Very Sharp looking. Have always loved that.

It's a great vehicle; has a lot of convenient things. Fuel mileage is as good as any SUV, even the smaller ones.

Great forward sight lines, good looking, comfortable, plenty of room for friends and family

Gss economy its wonderfull

Exterior styling, remote start, power side mirrors, performance (390hp), On- Star and safety features make me feel that my family is safe!



6.2 gives plenty of power & pick up. Very sturdy & safe. Handles great for a SUV. Leather wears well. Heated steering wheel odd but nice touch. Navigation reliable. Power lift gate, remote start very nice. Power folding middle seats great.

Leather drivers seat is very comfortable, V8 power, quality of the interior, speaker system.

Speakers, runningboards, power, comfort, and more

Size, comfort, performance, styling other than front end, I think Tahoe looks better. Bought mainly to get the 6.2 engine.

XM radio, back up camera, navigation, OnStar, nice interior

Favorite is the backup camera and the and captatins chairs and dvd player for the kids. Driver controls on the steering wheel, onstar verison hands free calling (9.99 a month), power hatch and with remote start the ac is blowing before you get into the car on hot days 

Suggested Improvements

When grocery shopping, the remote control comes in very handy. The interior design is classy and convenient. Rear A/C is a must have!

Great take off when excellerating. Love the comfortable seating.

Interior fit and finish, styling of interior. Great sound system. Vehicle handles great in the winter - very sure footed. Love the power liftgate and the adjustability of the seating.

It looks pretty.

Power, comfort, room, AWD, functions

Remote start, entertainment & navigation systems. Back-up camera

Strong motor (why only 380hp in the GMC vs 403hp in the Escalade? Perhaps a marketing ploy to differentiate the Escalade?), great looks (except headlights), decent electronics (no iPod control?), nice leather seats (could be a bit softer), good towing capacity. Flexible seating arrangement.

OnStar, remote start, retractable running boards, nav, power lift gate, rear view camera.

Heated seats (1st and 2nd rows!), comfortable driver's seat, good interior controls, fun to drive, nice heavy 3 ton weight lets you know that you have nothing to fear from stupid teenagers driving their Prius too fast.

Everything except those defects

Driver seat comfort, DVD rear entertainment system, low noise, turn radius way better than any other I have driven.

Fuel management system, power fold in mirrors, and backup sensors.

This is a luxury vehicle. The interior and seating are excellent.

Power lift gate and electronic folding rear seats.



The interior room and power are strong points.

I love the new design outside and inside. Most I like the front end

Retractible running boards, autoride suspension, Bose radio, electronic message center/monitor, 360 horsepower engine. Computer monitored fuel system and "flex-fuel" system. Handling was excellent, no wind noise, good visibility, and oversize alluminum wheels and tires gave a great ride.

Smooth steering and handling. Power, interior design and comfort. Navigation system is easy to use. 

Too many to list.

Everything in the interior rocks! Backup camera is cool too.

Bose stereo, AFM, great steering (tight), excellent road manners, very quiet.

Tail gate lift, auto start, fold in side mirrors.

Power of Denali engine. Smooth six speed transmission. Nav. Rear camera. Retractable running boards and 20" wheels give this SUV a "WOW" factor.

Interior is really nice, back seat is small.

Onstar, remote start, Nav, power lift gate, AM/FM, XM, 100k warranty

6-speed tranny, 380 hp, wood trim, rear park assist and camera, rear DVD, power running boards, Navigation, XM, power folding 2nd row seats, OnStar tied to Verizon cell plan, heated steering wheel and 2nd row seats. 

Power/transmission, standard amenities including the remote start with auto defrost feature. 

The level of technology and value pricing make this a bonafide winner!

Bose sound system, plenty of power, roomy, rides great

Quite interior, features, engine, Bose system and 2nd row captain seating. The car handles great and reacts quickly when power is needed. 

Ride, drivability, safety and mileage are tops on our list of favorites. The SLT has horsepower on demand when needed. Mileage has been a pleasant surprise although not up to what is stated on sticker.

Quit ride, leather heated 12 position seats, smooth transmission shifting, XM radio. I guess all of the new features like watching your engine go from V8 to V4 engine and the instant fuel readings.

The vehicle has all of the power assists, and communication and safety features, and is fun to drive. Insurance cost is lower than our 2003 Yukon XL.

Nav, Bose system, 6 sp tranny,sport shift if you can do it right, OnStar. Torque pushes you into the seat. Rear tv, remote, heated seats front and back, auto liftgate, exhaust when you speed buy sounds like after market!

Quiet interior, Bose, entertainment system. Power, status compared to Tahoe and Yukon. I may not be rich but I sure feel it when driving this truck! It's solid with very little body roll. 

The whole car

Everything

Totally impressed with the handling. Good power and very responsive steering. Had to drive it on snow and ice before the plates came in and and was completely satisfied. The nav and XM radio have already spoiled me. Love the power rear hatch.

Nav, surround sound system. Overall comfort and fit and finish. Really an impressive vehicle.

NAV, DVD player, Bose system. Stance of vehicle. Remote start, bucket seats up front. Power. OnStar for accidents. I live in Hawaii so AC is a must and this one keeps us all cool.

Rides like a Caddy. Pulls everything. Great for the mountains. Auto 4WD. Hands free phone using my Verzion phone at no extra charge.

By far, the XM satellite radio with the Bose speaker system is my favorite feature. Who knew it could make a trip that much easier. The computer information center is also great and has been very useful. Good steering wheel controls for audio and cruise. 

Rear view camera. Nav system. Power fold mirrors let me get it in the garage. Hands free phone lets me share minutes with my Verizon cell phone.

Stylish looks, drives beautifully, handles well.

Autoride suspension is great !, 20in wheels and tires gives me a smooth and quiet ride. Love the power tailgate and the seating is great. The navigation system is the best along with the awesome sound system. She is a pure pleasure to drive and be noticed in !

Nav is the best I have seen, stereo is perfect, auto start is great, rear auto open is handy, and performance is on par with most sports cars at 6.2 0-60. This truck is super quiet and firm, not rattles, squeeks. GMC didnt disapoint even someone as picky as me!

Very nice nav and XM radio system.

Touch screen DVD navigation, rear seat entertainment system, 20in chrome rims, XM radio, butter-soft leather, OnStar, power liftgate, remote start and on and on and on...

Interior is sleek and stylish, instrument panel, captains chairs. The Onstar feature is cool! power, excelleration and braking, safety restraint systems, remote engine start

6.2 motor with lots of torgue.nav and radio features

I love the dash, the way it drives. Parking is easy compared to my old Yukon XL. The back up sensor is great. 

The looks, drives like a car...not much to not like 

I didn't think the power liftgate was going to be a big deal, but I love it. Also, the navigation radio is as good as it gets. I won't be pulling over to the side of the road checking road maps ever again. I still have to get used to the rear view camera, but the infra-red sensors are very helpful.

The power rear lift gate is a must. 

The DVD player is awesome and the XM radio in it is great! I love the way the car is laid out too!

Too many to list, but get it loaded! On demand cylinder control Power fold second row seats Heated second row seats Dual climate control for front passangers

Comfort, fit for tall people, cool interior design, attractive outside, Displacement on Demand engine.

Interior, ride. Have the 20" wheels and they do help the ride.

Ride

Power liftgate is a great feature.

