none

The top is ultra cool-yet practical. Everything works well on this car. Great stereo!

Hopefully the feature I never have to use which is the safety aspect. Audi makes a good convertible as well, the A4 but the A4 has a poor safety rating unless they recently improved it. Also the wheels and color coded exterior functional door guard lines and built in mirror signalers look fantastic.

Color, sound system, convertible

Shape, metal retractable roof, color.

Naturally the roof. But over time the small coat hook and lockable storage win out too, which the BMW has neither.

Outstanding upgraded sound system, Looks great with top up or down and I love the overall fit and finish of the product, the solid "thunk" of the trunk lid closing, took me back to the 1950s!

The hardtop convertible.

This is a fun driving car when you can drive it, better have a spare! On a beach trip, there was room for luggage with the top down. It's an attention grabber, you can't be inconspicuous in it! This could be a great car, if Volvo works out the kinks.

convertible top

Hardtop and Dynaudio system.

DynaSound, MP3 auxiliary input for the iPod & Bi Xenons! 

Convertible top, stereo and interior design.

Dynoaudio, the safety of the car, come to think of it - the whole car is my favorite part!

Love the top down, and stereo and bluetooth and the way it handles, and the plug-in for my ipod that plays through the stereo.

Great looking car with the top up or down!

Roof mechanism, the smooth curve of the roof line, the stylish "piano" tail-lights, the "scandinavian Design" interior with stainless "waterfall" console, stainless door sills, and two- tone interior, aggressive-looking yet elegant wheels/tires, Volvo safety features, overall solidness.

Sporty Look, Hard Top, Volvo safety features

Convertible hard top; DYNAUDIO option is just AWESOME, like front row seats at a Van Halen concert; simple, elegant, and navigable mid-console panel; minimal blind spots; responsive acceleration; passenger memory seats and mirrors; but no sunglass case in a $48K convertible!!?? COME ON!!

Of course, the hard top is the best feature. But I also like the styling of the center console. The 6-speed manual transmission is great fun!

The retractable roof is a marvel. Beyond that I like the road manners, comfortable seating and the Sirius radio. I opted for the base sound system and feel that it is quite good.

Without a doubt, the retractable hardtop! This feature lives up to its advertising, making the C70 truly akin to owning two cars instead of one! I also like the power seats with shoulder controls (making it easier to move for back-seat passengers) and the Xenon headlights provide great visibility!

Its retractable hard top and the ease in its operation.

Really comfortable seats, soothe ride.

I really like the turbo and the steering and I know that I will be getting a ticket. I also enjoy not having to put a boot on after you put the roof down.

Hard top convertible. Driver seats are very supportive.

Comfort, safety features, looks. 

The best feature of the car and only because I'm more of an audiofile is the sound system. Feels like your in your den listening to Hi end stereo system. 

Great handling ability and creating a retractable hardtop and room for 4 regular people. I also enjoy the fact that they were able to reduce the exterior sounds when the top is up. 

