Cost owner too much as a new car......



The only feature I love about this car is the way it looks. 

Tire pressure monitor system, and 20inch Rims

Seats fold completely flat for extra cargo space.

gotta say its the MYgig,, luv the hard drive and the hands free,, tho i was forced to (buy) a new wiring harnes because chrysler put out an uncompatiable radio to the orginal trucks wiring harnes

Unique Body and shape, Good looking interior

favorite is the sterio and also the overall comfort.. lots of leg room and storage space..

Suggested Improvements



Great acceleration and I love the way it handles. It looks absolutely terrific - like no other vehicle on the road. 

Having everything at my fingertips on the steering column. The Load and Go has been very helpful as well. Didn't think it would be but we've already used it several times and it was great!

The exterior, sunroof, sound system, fun car.

The cargo area has a pull out floor and this makes it much easer to load and unload you groceries or just about any cargo you haul.

Interior space

Heated, power leather seats, along with the load and go retractable cargo deck. The DVD entertainment feature is a best seller with the grandchildren as well as the premier sound system with a subwoofer. The exterior design in Sunburst Orange compliments the overall appearance.

U-connect phone system

Looks. Just watching people on the street stare as it rolls by is a hoot! Love the AC outlet and the Stow- n-Go, too. We delivered Christmas to grandkids in a nearby state, and the seats folding flat really helped with packing, along with the extra tie-down grommets.

Sirius radio 

Looks and engine performance are great.

Has to be the fold down front passenger seat. I'm able to fit an 8ft ladder in here for when I need to get the extra reach for work. There is just a lot of room.

Looks. Best looking vehicle on the road in my opinion! I think the front seats are very comfortable. Fold down seats with plenty of cargo room and lots of tie down hooks. Ample leg room in back for passengers, 

I like the fact that this model has so many standard safety features. 4 wheel disc brakes w/ ABS and large rotors that do a great job. Electronic stability system. Front, front side and rear side airbags. Safety cage construction. 

Looks 

Exterior looks.

Interior room, head-turning looks, excellent traction control system, a great overall value. 

Power, looks, and style. Fit and finish. Gas mileage is what I expected.

Large side mirrors, slide out tray in the back. Stereo sounds great and the controls on the steering wheel are very convenient. Has a nice information center and handles really nice.

Looks, cargo space, ESP!

Exterior looks

Standard equipment on the SLT - most of the bells and whistles which are normally options.

Instrument panel will illuminate without lights being on. Cloudy day or in the shade. Self programing features.

The looks, handling, and power!

I love the Stow and Go and fold down seats. Also love the extra compartments in the front for sunglasses, phone, etc.

Bold body style. 

I love the way the fron end looks Sound system is awesome.

Style, body, interior, features are great if you get the SLT. Bigger than you think on the inside. Cool futurist look on the inside.

I love the Stow and Go. Also, love the looks from the front view of this vehicle.

Style, power and the great sound system. The Sirrius radio is great and the controls are right-tech for me. 

Look of vehicle, sound/noise buffering. great handling, with a roomy interior.

Great room, good features even on the base model. Reclining seats and 120v. outlet a plus.

I like the Electronic Stablization System, the load and go and tie-downs, the numberous standard features. The system checks,tire pressure readings. The airbag features, driver leg airbag and automatic turning off the passenger bag if weight is under 65 lbs. 

Looks. Driver and passenger comfort are big plus.

Sunroof, heated seats, and mirrors

Ther radio rocks, and suprisingly the headlights, they light up the road.

Driver's view of the road is excellent. Seats are very comfortable. Storage room is more than I expected. Very easy and fun to drive.

Great Looks. The 3.7 L. engine has a good track record (as a Jeep engine) and has some notable refinments. ABS brakes work great! (Had a scary experience but the Nitro handled it very well) Rides real nicely. The fit and finish is outstanding for a domestic.

Interior layout, head room. Quiet drive. And of course the heads that turn when I pull up to a red light

Sirius radio. Fold down seats, pull out tray. Lots of leg room, huge amount of head clearence. Great styling, cool looking two tone seats. Great view of the road. 

Looks great. Roomy. Powerful engine. Lots of airbags. Comfotable interior

I like the fact that this model has so many standard safety features. 4 wheel disc brakes w/ ABS and large rotors that do a great job. Electronic stability system. Front, front side and rear side airbags. Safety cage construction. Hlogen had lmps and hlogen fog lights. I really like the aggressive style too

Loads of standard features. Looks , interior comfort. Really nothing bad to say.

Gotta love the integrated ipod hookup. I also like the little storage box on the left of the dashboard. My EZ-Pass thingy fits perfectly in there. I don't like attaching it to the window so I just keep it in there and whip it out at toll booths. The optional speaker system is great too.

The look is great and it rides like a much larger vehicle.

My wife loves the Sirius satellite and the pull out of the back. She can also hide her purse in the center console.

Rugged body lines with no exposed spare. Good road clearance for tough driving conditions. 

Height. I had a Saab 92-x and I felt like the big boys (and gals) were going to squoosh me. 120V plug in the back. The kids can connect stuff, me, my laptop or simply bring in a TV set and tailgate at Gillette Stadium. Life is good!

Favorite features include the look of the vehicle, the turning ability is nice, and the interior is very nicely laid out and functional.

Suggested Improvements

Load n Go. Reclining second row seats. Power driver seat. Very practical storage compartments.

Styling, engine, interior control panel, fit and finish

Absolutely love the exterior look of this vehicle, and the fact that there are virtually no blind spots.

My favorite features have got to be the Moon/Sun Roof and the compass/temperature gauges. The flip-over cargo tray is really cool too and will see some use, especially after my wife takes it shopping a few time. The stock stereo system works great too! Another favorite item is the trailer package.

4 wheel drive for when it snows

amazing infinity sound system doesnt get any better...gps system...sunroof...dvd player...and the look of this



Love the mygig, video system, nav, and cargo space, and driving it

Exterior design





Exterior design/aesthetics are great. The way they built it is totally inferior.

Love the Sirius radio.

Looks, Infinity Sound System, Interior styling, Exterior styling, Engine Performance.

Looks, power and economy (18-21).

Exterior looks, 115V AC Power outlet, AC works extremely well, handles well in the snow, inexpensive, holds a lot of cargo with the seats down, U-Connect.

seats are very comfortable, exterior looks

looks nice stereo works well

Looks, lots of bins for storage, roomy interior - not huge, just right for a small family

Love the style, interior comfort is good and roomy. I think the ride is great for a SUV. Price was good, too.

I like the 'take off' power, the interior outlet, the overall looks and the design of the dash and shifter area. I also like the hidden compartment in the console. 

Nice looking suv.

body styling. truck looks great parked. very sexy SUV. very spacious interior for a not so large foot print. nice sized cargo area. nice factory sound system 

It is a very neat looking vehicle. I enjoy my Sirius radio as well as the electronic items such as outside temp and navigation.

Folding seats are great, the U Connect feature and the radio controls on the stirring wheel.



None

Lots of room! The exterior look!

Exterior looks no doubt draws many compliments. Wide 3-kid across seating in the back is terrific and the cargo capability is nice. Solid build structure gives confident feeling.

Everything

The very roomy interior, the impressive looks on the outside! Everything is conveniently located for the driver.

Being able to select 4 wheel drive - not wait for the whim of the car's computer. Carrying capacity. We have horses and can put 300-400 # of bagged feed in the back and the car doesn't squat at all. It is a bold design but our other vehicle is a RAM 2500 - so we like the look. 

sunroof, upgraded sound system bumps

Sound system is wow! Power everything is sweet and the stereo all being in the steering wheel is real nice with not having to take your eyes off the road heated seats are real nice when weather is cold or if you like to drive with the Windows down in the cool days and enjoy the open sunroof.

Looks like nothing else in its class, really get stares. It was also the lowest price vehicle that could tow up to 5000pds. Runs on regular gas, nicely equipped. Surprising acceleration, nice rumble from engine. Good high view, plenty of usable space. 4x4 option for snow. Initial quality seems good

Yousync. Hands free phone through my speakers.

none

R/T styling. 20 inch wheels. Fantastic factory sound system. Heated seats and remote start

Aux port on stereo. Roomy enough for a road trip. color choices (mine is orange!). 

Leather, navigation, 20 in custom wheels. 115 volt output. Performance. Custom grille. All this I put on myself!!

Leather interior, U-Connect, Navigation, 20" rims & seat warmers. Exterior looks sporty and cool but not too rugged.

Color and style

Style. 

The look, nice and rugged for me and my wife and can carry almost anything 

Everything!

Love the look and the sunroof and the roominess - I can carry almost anything in it - I love the outlet plug - I love the sunroof - I love the whole console look 

rear wheel drive looks nice stable ride

The 4 wheel drive is only a knob a way, the way the front grille looks, and how much fun it is to drive.

Big wheels and plenty of power.

Since it's winter time I love the electric start and the heated seats.



Option to turn 4 wheel drive on when I choose to, as well as the vehicle sensing when I need it. Very quiet ride and awesome premium sound system. Effective and easy to use climate control. Roomy back seat.

Sirius radio, the power it has to accelerate, the look, power equipment, and the power behind it.

The exterior gets lots of compliments, especially with added chrome accents. Interior room. Storage room in back. Gas mileage for a 4.0 is great (I average 20 mpg city!!) 20" tires. 

The looks and room in the interior. 

20" chrome wheels, inferno red color, smooth ride

Satellite radio, sunroof, inverter

Exterior Look

Interior roominess, large cargo 

Exterior image, minus the go-kart tires. Manual transmission. Hummeresque window design. Speaker system isn't bad, for stock. Surprisingly roomy inside. 

Growl of engine, aggressive styling. Has a tight turn radius, and great handling for true SUV. Suspension is great, handles bumps well, and very smooth ride. Also quiet in the cab, even when upwards of 70-75 mph. Upgraded sound system is excellent, plenty of cargo space. Gauges look great at night.

The car looks sharp! I've had a lot of positive comments about it. Easy to get into parking space, short turn radius.

Satellite radio

Body style, VES

At first the looks hooked me but I got tired of them quickly, too much cheap plastic here. I do have to admit, for a lemon it is good in the snow and ice.

I love the interior design, and the tinted color windows in the back. It's a little darker than other cars which I like. I love the color (electric blue) It's also very roomy especially in the back as well for foot room. I was debating between this and the Liberty and I just felt so small.

The outside look. Extra compartments. Extra plug in back.

Looks nice, car has a lot of power and can climb hills great! Very comfortable to ride in and lots of room. It is a blast to fun to drive. Handles very well

I love all the features, dashboard displays, and interior design. I must say it is nice not having black leather seats in the heat of the summer like my Monte. Love the steering wheel controls. I can check how many miles till I am empty and my average gas mileage at the click of a finger. 

Exterior styling. Solid ride. Quiet at high speeds. Modern features (blue tooth & 20gig music hard drive & nav) 330 watt Sound system. Nice acceleration & braking, steering wheel controls, dvd, 110v outlet, sliding cargo load, remote start, garage door opener, multi storage areas/compartments

Uconnect is brilliant, and the seats are extremely comfortable

Nice exterior appearance. It has an electrical outlet in the back which is good to charge items like a camera etc. It is also very spacious in the back. But thats it. This does not outweigh the dangerous flaws in the vehicle.

3.7 engine, seats, brakes, ride, ESP, fun factor, style, Sunburst Orange!

Looks, style, dashboard, radio, seats nice and high, view, everything very convenient to get to.

MyGig, exterior looks, 20" rims, fold flat seats, power from the 4.0 engine. Can't wait to go 4-wheeling.

Body

Regular plug, the 2 prong. And you can fit a full air mattress in the back with the seats down

I love the design on the exterior and interior. The seats are comfortable and so is the ride. I have gotten many compliments on this vehicle. I have even got some from dealers from other dealerships.

The exterior looks, the dash layout, the fold flat split bench, the interior room, the towing capacity, the available options. "TIP start", "lane change" turn signals. Generally, the Nitro feels strong and sturdy on the road even at higher speeds, like a bigger truck, but without being sluggish.

The whole thing!

Interior design, folding seats, and cargo loading.



Looks good, SLT does have very good interior features, autodim rearview, dash computor for mileage, compass, tire pressure etc, nice interior lighting, great heater/dfrost, steering wheel controls.

Fold down seats, great stereo, 4x4 works well. Excellent styling, great value for the money

