The amount of power this hybrid has when you need it. All the controls and layout. The CVT. The hybrid wheels. The paint. The sound system. The easy fold down seats. The total build quality.

None

Acceleration/smooth ride. Great handling in bad weather, i.e. snow

Low emission, great performance.

Construction

Acceleration is fantastic. Love the power rear door. Rears seats are easy to lower and raise. 

Hybrid system is great!

Handling under all conditions is excellent.

Informative hybrid drive power screens assisted me to improve my high mileage driving style, powered rear gate very convenient.

Smooth hybrid drive, visibility, exceptionally quiet drive, great brakes and steering, reclining passenger seats, automatic hatch rear door (wonderful!), audio system.

The 2007 LCD screen is a big step up from the 2006 screens. The interface and all the car controls are extremely intuitive. I love watching my real-time gas mileage.

Luxury all around.

Mark Levinson, Bluetooth.

Clean clean clean. Go green. 

Hybrid is smooth in transition. Hardly notice gas starting or stopping. Quiet ride and silent at stop lights when gas engine is off. Electric rear door is great, open it as I approach with groceries, closes without effort. Great looks, great buzz from friends.

Actual wood on the steering wheel, no fake stuff here. DVD screens in headrests which Lexus installed and covers on warranty. Gas mileage.

I love being able to monitor my fuel consumption as I drive. I have learned to maximize fuel economy out of the car. One trick is to get the car up to cruising speed (even on the interstate), then back off the gas pedal and gently reapply to drive just off the hybrid battery. 



The 5th generation navigation which includes the fuel consumption and electric motor usage graphics.

The hybrid system; the energy monitor; the navigation system; the power liftback; the comfortable seats; the high driving position; quiet and powerful ride; overall quality of the vehicle. 

Use Sprint Sanyo Katana phone for Blue tooth system. Awesome. Displays battery and signal strength, & phone connection (helps when I forget phone). Can dial by voice and clearly yell at son when homework is not done. GPS gives clear directions on what lane to be in, helps when lost in LA rush hour.

High gas mileage. Superb acceleration. Comfortable ride. QUIET -- quietest vehicle I have ever owned. Love this car.

Smooth and powerful ride. Perfect!

Bluetooth phone connection. Only wish that the system would support multiple number transfer from my phone. I ended up popping my SIM chip in an old Motorola phone so I could do single number transfers into the address book. It works, just not as fast.

