

Front cabin space especially for taller drivers. Composite bed liner with adjustable tie-downs.

Ext/Int design, 6 cup holders, 26mpg, lots of storage, paint quality, standard Air and CD player, handling, copious leg and head room, stain proof seats, absolutely no problems at 40K miles, excellent headlight visibility, engine is easy and simple to work on if you do your own servicing.

Design, Bed, & Interior Comfort

sits up high, rides well, put 2009 17" wheels on

The truck looks great and initial quality was super. Good power and nice driving character. The back seat is usable. Good towing capacity. 

I love the access cab doors that fold out and the moving tie downs!

V-6 is a lot faster than I thought, controls great, lots of room.

Reliability and drivetrain performance.

Exterior styling, sliding rear window, bucket seats, behind the seat storage for rear seats, under-rail sliding tie- down system and traction control.



4.0L V6, smooth shifting automatic, sport style seats.

Comfortable, roomy, powerful. I get 19.6 mph doing normal driving combined city and highway. Get about 16.5 driving on a trip when cruising at 80-85. Can get 21 if you baby it. 

Responsive engine, drives like a luxury car turned truck, very comfortable interior, world class design all around. Plenty of behind/below seat compartments for tools and whatnot... even came with a flashlight holder for my Maglite. Included cleats in bed rails are a nice touch. 

Prerunner size and looks, engine power, bed, bed liner, room in access cab, cruise control.

Pro: good appearance, powerful as a V6, reasonable fuel economy.

The engine. The interior, control layout, and styling overall. Comfortable driver seating. Sliding rear window. Nice bedliner. Decent rear passenger room. Great ride and handling. 

The most power of any vehicle I have ever owned, visibility is great, radio controls on the steering wheel, true dual cab in size.

Limited slip differential. Power circuit in bed of truck. A bed that doesn't need a liner. The most body styles to choose from. 

The ride, looks and comfort in the seats. There is room for four adults with comfort after adjusting the front seat.

I am particularly impressed with the worksmanship of the vehicle and the handling characteristics. Based on a couple other truck builders I investigated, the Tacoma won hands-down.

The hood scoop, the zig-zag auto trans shifter and the roominess of the interior. The Tacoma is a big mid-sized truck.

I enjoy the power in this model, but I'd have to say the interior is my favorite with this model.

The engine. Smooth and responsive. Nice stereo although a little bassy even when adjusted to low. 

I just hope Toyota doesn't change this truck too much, I may not want to ever trade it in.

The handling performance with the sport package is awesome. I also like the engine power, body style and the reliability of the truck. I'm also pleased with the height of the truck!

Great looks, especially in Silver Streak Mica with the hood scoop from the TRD package, and the Toyota hood protector... looks really sharp. Cabin comfortable, decent turning radius, good ride (but never lets you forget you're in a truck!) Like the offroad look on a 2WD truck.

The 110 connection in bed.

Perfect size and fit for an average size guy. All controls positioned almost perfectly.

Manual transmission! 20 mpg which is awesome in a 4x4!

Locking rears.

Interior, gas economy, reliability, appearance, standard features, quality.

The TRD Package

Power mirrors/doorlocks. Lumbar support. Single pane slider window works better than old dual panes. 400W power inverter works great when camping. Integrated fog lights are nice, a little upward adjustment helps for range. Diff lock's great. Oil filter and oil drain plug positions are wonderful!

Best fuel mileage in class. Not a "Big Three" vehicle but made in the US. Very quiet interior and good comfort.

Functionality of the bed. Roomy interior and nice power, good response from transmission. Also lots of storage compartments, very handy.

Fun to drive, plenty of power, and fits in the garage.

Exterior fit and finish.

Appearances

Looks, power being reliable and options are the main selling point to this truck. Also the bed is nice feature with power outlet and cubbie holes.

I love the utility bed with the 400w power adapter and the tie down points and the two storage areas. The TRD package is great with the bilstein shocks. I also love the look of the truck and the room. 

MPG, storage, versitility, ride.

Power, styling, mileage, and it's more like a family car, with more crash protection (heaven forbid I ever need it), just a great truck.

Easy to use controls. lots of storage, I love not having to get the bed sprayed with liner.

The aux. outlet in bed. Lots of storage inside and out. Strong beefy motor. Don't believe the gas ratings, in reality it is a higher mpg.

Style, power, ride, storage areas.

Extremely comfortable, great torque, acceleration and visibility. Great body styling-this is a big "small" truck

Design, smooth engine, power to mpg ratio. 

Good gas mileage, and a well thought out bed tie down system.

Good gas mileage, build quality, good handling for a truck, storage spaces, comfort, low cabin noise, bed protector, looks.

I like the overall look of the truck, the hoodscoop is great!!!

Appears to be reliable, roomy cab, nice layout, large gas tank.

Good to look at, plenty of room, lots of get up and go, when it goes!

4drs! Bedliner that is literally a part of the truck, not an after sale afterthought. The adjustible track on the bed to attach bungee cords is really useful. Well designed garage door opener holder. High ground clearance. CD player. Lots of storage space inside and out! Plenty of cup holders.

Interior appointments.

6 disc cd changer, tight suspension, overall spaciousness, comfort, reliability.

The whole damn truck! Great motor/powertrain. Off road ability. Good looks. Interior room. 

The manual shift 6 speed is very fun to drive with. 



Composite bed. Access cab room - can certainly use it for familty around town driving.



Appearance, sport driver seat, layout of gauges, bed tie downs, storage boxes in beds to hold tie-down straps when not in use, under rear seat cargo boxes.

Even though I have a base model with no options on it, it does not bother me, and I am all about options! It has everything you need. Favorite thing about the truck is that it has a lot of room inside. Even sitting in the back is more comfortable than most cars. Feels like a full size vehicle.

The access cab is perfectly handy. My 1-year old daughter loves to ride perfectly secure in her car seat on the passenger side. I love the bed cleats (or whatever they're called)- I'm always sliding them around (very easily) to bungy down different stuff I carry around.

Engine, 6' bed w/liner, good ride, great looks.

Very nice interior design, layout and quality for a vehicle under 20K. I really like everything about the truck. It's perfect for me. 

Cool red color with black wheel wells

Comfortable interior, upgraded tow package pulls small motorcycle trailer easially. Good torque and acceleration with V6. 4 door option very roomy for passengers. Good visibility and handeling. Curb appeal. 17" wheels.

Great pickup [V6], Tie-Down Track System. Good leg room up front. Awesome styling. That good 'ol toyota reliability. Fuel economy.

Manuverability, reputation and quality that seems to be built into every Toyota made.

On top of the great appearance the PreRunner has, it also has numerous high points. Everything fits.

Reliable but plain. Lots of cup holders, jump seats are comfortable even for adults. Seats are comfortable. Build in bed liner. Controls well laid out

Excellent turning ratio. Smart passenger airbags.

V6 and 6 speed manual combo, locking rear differential, overall style, fit and finish are first rate. Good storage space in Axcess cab. Great ergonomics!

Power, comfort and on-road handling. 

Nice interior layout. V6 engine pulls and revs well. 

All within reach!

Solid styling, feels substantial as well as the ride. I would not change a thing on this vehicle which is very unusual. For many years you find you want something changed, not on this!

Quality built product!!

Versatility of seating. Compass and external temperature reading. Comfort of interior. Good storage in cab. 

High gas mileages with plenty of power. I commute 80 miles round trip each day. I live in a high Mt. canyon with a pass of 7000 feet in the middle and 4000 ft elevation on both ends. Spend about 4 hrs city driving for my job so it is a good test for fuel economy. Sport model handling is superb.

Lots of legroom up front, drives like a car, plenty of towing capability, great acceleration, no rattles like the domestic trucks, great on ice/snow, very stylish, climbs well with a load, longbed is almost necessary if you want a useable bed. Plenty of tie down points in the bed.

Full four doors and a usable back seat for the family is the best part. The fuel economy is 20.3 so far but I am not thru the break in period yet so it should get better. The two tone interior is sharp looking and very well fit. Everything lines up almost perfect. The hood scoop is an eye catcher.

Locker is great on rocky inclines. My first V6, I can pull my 3200 lb boat at freeway speeds. Nice turning radius.

The four door design is very useful when trying to get behind the front seats. I was unsure about the cargo area with the composite bed. After hauling 500 lbs of rocks in it, I liked it. The rail system is also very useful and I keep my tie downs in the two small storage boxes that are built in.

Unique styling, legendary Toyota quality and resale value, (although I won't doing that for a LOOONNNG time).

Composite bed, compartments and cupholders, orange dash lights (I thought this would bug me but I like them). Strong fog lights. High quality seat fabric. Overall drivability - it's very comfortable while still maintaining a truck-like ride.

Besides the looks I'd have to say interior size and build quality. This truck just feels solid!! For being an access cab, this truck is huge inside. Very nice layout of the dash and controls. I'm very impressed!

Good look and functional design. Sits up high, yet very stable on sharp curves.

Storage under the back jump seats. If you forget to turn off the lights they shut off.

Simplicity, reliability, quality.

4.0 V6 VVI motor is a torque machine and a smooth runner. All the motor this truck will ever need and matches gearing perfectly with the locking rear differential and 4WD. 

TRD Sport Package, roof rack system. The bed compartments,110 volt plug.

Tight turning radius.

Ease of driving.

The whole truck is nice. Sound system is great, interior comfortable. Quality is evident.

Love the storage bins and the composite bed. Rail system is great with fork bike mount or ski rack. 4WD is idiot proof. 13 cupholders... don't know why but it's good to put water in on those long trips. Stance is agressive and looks great with the black brushguard. Gas mileage good for a truck.

Aggressive styling, quality interior, light weight and great for off roading.

Pleased generally with all.

Smooth shifting 5-speed transmission. Fold-back side mirrors. Sun visors with extensions. 

The optional JBL stereo sytem is awesome, especially w/ the steering wheel controls. Movable tie-down cleats have been very useful. The interior trim level is superb.

Interior design and quality, gas mileage.

Stereo, extra doors, extensive standard equipment.

4wd + 4dr + 6cyl(proven) 236 hp/266 ft/lbs torque + off road + 6500 lbs tow capacity combination with great styling and mpg is the best combination of features I could find. Awesome rear seat/cargo combinations with cool under and behind seat storage compartments.

Truck looks like a 4x4 but really isn't. It was nice to not have to spend all that extra money just so it looked cool!

Composite bed. Why hasn't anyone thought of this before?

I love everything except the fabric on the doors. 

The powerful engine and responsive acceleration & brakes. No-nonsense controls for AC and radio. Practicality of being able to move my own stuff for a change. 

Great motor; love the oil filter location; ride quality, interior design and functionality; bed design and functionality; overall "look" is nice too.

Interior roominess.

Great truck except the paint.

Quiet ride. Great looking interior. Ther sport seats are perfect. Powerful, smooth and economical engine that gets 20 mpg in urban/surburban driving. Exceptionally smooth auto transmission that is into high gear by 35 mph, helping maximize city mpg. Lots of storage space under and behind rear seats.

Interior (high class), power, comfort.

