Electronics and ergonomics. Controls make sense and are intuitive. The extra legroom in the back of the "L" makes people feel like they are being chauffered.

All the electronics. Sometimes I call it my "Sony-mobile". Lots of great features. But, a little hard to program the features that are easy to use, however. 

Radar cruise control is best feature if you do a lot of highway driving. Hold feature that keeps you from drifting back on hill is nice.

The sound system. 

Interior design is nice compared to all other vehicles.

Blue tooth. Sound system. The power. Gas mileage. Comfort. Ride.

Ride and handling are excellent for a luxury automobile. Comfort is a 10.

brake hold; adjustable distance for cruise control; parking sensors; back up tv camera; digital memory for music;keyless operation; sunscreens for three windows;headlights.

Parking assistance (it shows you when you are getting close to another object) both visually and aurally. Radar cruise control which slows you down if you get too close to the car in front (adjustable for distance). 

Engine performance, transmission, interior design and foremost fuel economy for such a large car.

Engine, electronics and transmission.

Horse power and electronics. Stereo is fantastic. 

The navigation system is great, provided you only want to use it while stopped. Audio system is the best I've ever heard - in a house or a car. The internal design is luxurious. Acceleration is great, cornering less so.

Exterior and interior design, dashboard design and wood finish, new alabaster interior color, ability to lengthen the driver's seat cushion for comfortable thigh support, strong but soundless engine, excellent gas mileage (26 mpg real world on the freeway at 80 mph).



Sound system is great as is the climate control.

I have read about Lexus for years, but I finally tried one and I am pleased to tell you, all those good things you read and hear are true. The luxurious interior will spoil you in the best way. The air conditioning/climate control is the best I have ever used, and it even has a great filtration.

Sound system is awesome, lots of gadgets, bluetooth works well with phone.

Power, technology, ride, quality, features, friends love the back seat, 8 speed tranny, just about everything about it.

Fun driving, quality, comfort.

Radar cruise, hard drive for music storage, terrific sound system, extremely quiet, cool box that works well, lots and lots of gadgets!

Masses of gizmos. That gearbox is quite something. It is surprising that with 8 speeds the fuel consumption is not even better (30 mpg highway), but it is of course a very heavy car. Nice and quiet ride.

Smart key entry system, blue tooth, 6 DVD changer with hard drive (you can record your favorite CD on hard drive). Ventilated seats.

Comfortable ride.

Mark Levinson audio is superb. Style is much better than older models. Car is fast and gets great gas mileage for heavy vehicle.

Ride, ergonomics, looks, sound system, acceleration, bluetooth, ability for the drive to adjust passenger seat without reaching over to do it. Trunk space, Keyless go.

Navigation, Mark Levinson stereo, ride.

Exterior and interior look. Soft luxurious ride. 

Ride is smooth, great sound system, love the hard drive to download CDs.

Ride and Mark Levinson audio are great. Style is much better. Car is fast.

"Hold Brake", Smart Key, and the fit and finish.

Levinson package including navigation system, parking assist, bluetooth and other features that are too numerous to mention.

The build quality, fit and finish, technology (Smart key, navigation system, the Mark Levinson audio system, electronic parking brake, are all awesome). 

Electronics are exceptional. The ride is the smoothest I've ever experienced. 

Keyless entry (the doors unlock when you touch just the handles) and start. Voice recognition, phone and nav. 

Suspension, brakes, parking brake w/hill holder, quietness, navigation display. These are all superior to the 430 series IMO.

Navigation and ability to play movies on the screen, backup camera and sensors make the car easier to drive, FAST.

Mark Levinson sound system. Beautiful styling. Smooth. Powerful. Quick. I love the HD navigation system and it's clarity and speed.

The interior is very nice, in fact it's by far the best interior in its class. 

Interior design, Levinson sound, heating and cooling systems, and navigation.

Navigation system, also touch screen, Bluetooth, cockpit layout, roomy interior, good acceleration, intuitive layout of controls.

Superior GPS, outstanding Levinson system, useful XM traffic link (have used it in Chicago), clear instrumentation, increased engine power, smoother transmission, mp3 connection, comfy back seat.

Parking assistance - helps to know when you are close to things, especially in the garage!

Keyless entry and ignition and Voice interaction

Comfortable, quiet ride, nice sound system.

Style, quality workmanship, size, comfort and incredible engineering -- motor to trunk.

Favorite features??? Well there is not one thing I do not LOVE on this car. It has everything one could ever want in an automobile!

Suggested Improvements



Power, handling, comfort, looks.

Roomy interior. Clear display and controls. Plenty of power.

Voice control is much improved over my old 430 LS. The car feels like luxury. 

Drive train, quality, gas mileage, quietness.

Sound quality and DVD Changer, Nav System very nice. I like the touch screen.

The sound system!! You forget that you're in a car. XM radio limits your commercials so the music pipes through those 19 speakers uninterrupted and before you know it, you've reached your destination only to ask yourself like a little kid, "Can we do it again, pleassssseeee".

Body style, Nav system, quietness, parking assist and sound system.

Power, smoothness, build quality, comfort, good gas mileage, automatic brake hold, intuitive DVD navi system, Hard disk recording capability, exterior styling and interior ergonomics, etc., etc. -- what's not to like! 

Style of the car, the drive is amazing, power of the engine, the stereo and the interior. The leather seats are very comfortable. Most of the toys that are in the car can be operated without reading the directions. But I guess the salesman did link up the cell for me. I also like the keyless entry. 

The stereo, blue tooth, the nav system is one of the best I have ever used, all touch screen and voice activated, plus it is not a CD system. The engine is awesome, the keyless features. The seating positions are flawless, this car is the best value on the market. 

Park assist, blue tooth based phone. Rear seat passenger room and rear seat climate control.

Hands free parking and roomy interior.

Drive, style,comfort, brake hold and heated steering wheel.

Reclining seats, massage, sensor body temperature recognition. Hands free automated parking, foot free brake pedal and many more. You must buy the Long Wheel version!!!

