Distinctive looks, power and brakes. Ok and the attention it gets from passers by.

She's a convertible and a six speed manual and built for speed

The motor has a rev limiter, so when you getting on the power don't have to worry about overdoing the RPM. Just love the way the front looks and the supercharger sound. The Shaker 500 rocks.

Speed and its looks. There is no equal

Style. Power. Exclusivity

The exterior design is great. Do not like the decals used for the stripe package, should be painted. Its ride is great, shifts extremely well and the power is supurb!

The front is jaw dropping, be careful it will bite! The option to super snake it to 725+ HP, incredible. Thinking about buying another GT500 to transform into super snake and leaving the 2007 orignal.

The 500 horses under the hood, that great motor.

The supercharger is what makes this car.

Eye-bulging acceleration. Throttle response. More passing gear than anything on the road. Decisive 6 speed shifter - never miss a shift. Curb appeal, head-turning "wow factor" and exterior aesthetics. Ride comfort. The Shelby GT 500 platform feels more stable than the Mustang GT.

Power

Very sexy car. This is one car I always dress for when I take her out and about. Heads turn and people talk when I get out. They are reminded of their favorite Mustang experience when they see her and just feel like they have to share their memories!

Great retro-Shelby looks. Unbelievable power, simply scary!Comfortable ride for a sports car. Improved shift linkage over previous Cobra's, It's a Shelby!

Power, power, and more power. Also, the upgraded seats are very comfortable. You can drive this car for hours and not feel tired. The exhaust note is just right so that it does not drive you nuts after a couple of hours of highway driving.

The way the car feels. You can feel the driving surface as though you were touching it with your palm.

The 500HP/auto window feature/1000 watt satellite radio. Neck snapping acceleration. Will be adding more performance options soon, air intake with tune, mufflers, maybe a different SC pulley.

I choose to order one with no stripes on top or side, and the styling without the stripes makes for an incredibly aggressive car. Mine is black on black stripe delete and looks like it will bite you just sitting in the garage!

HP is unreal and the looks from the front are unreal.

Supercharged 4V 5.4l, and the solid rear - love it.

Acceleration, body style, stereo, wrap around comfortable seating, quality painting, everything that this car offers is first rate.

Engine and transmission are incredibly smooth, the tall 3:31 gearing and wide powerband makes it a true rocket ship that pulls from off idle to 6250 limiter. 1/4 in low 12's @ 118.

The hp is unreal, great straight line speed. Looks are great also.

The looks from other Mustang owners that this car demands.

Hmm? Maybe the 500hp V8 under the hood? Yeah. Probably.

