Exterior look, comfort in ride. Keyless remote entry, back up camera.

Comfortable ride, quiet, short turning radius and great gas economy for a large car. Interior and exterior fob recognition (puddle lights). 

Comfort. Quiet. Smooth ride. Great dealerships and sales people.

I really liked the wood paneling throughout the car. Including the steering wheel, AND the gearshift!! :)

Keyless entry, large trunk

Large trunk for golf clubs and suit cases. Keyless ignition and door locks. Stylish exterior and extremely detailed interior. 

Pretty good on gas and handles well.

it is paid for gas mileage, entry system, performance.

Bluetooth. Comes standard with nav and works wonderfully. Onstar, eat your heart out. No additional phone cost with bluetooth.

Great sound system Mark Levinson, love the safety features, the self dimming mirrors and great headlight system and awesome GPS nav system 

Nav system, heated/a/c seats, reverse/back-up camera, smooth ride, fun to drive.

Until I get to 60, the ride is great. The inside and outside looks great.



Smart key, air conditioned ventilated seats, automatic lights which turn on & off based on ambient light condition (this feature keeps you from forgetting to turn on your headlights - this happens often w/led dashboard such as on this car).

Navigation system, blue tooth, dashboard, panoramic roof, seating comfort, backup camera, park assist, head light, basically everything, name it.



All the options! The Nav. system is the best around. The ultra leather seats are super to sit in. The heat/cool seats are effective. Parking assist & back up camera are very helpful and never annoying.

The MP3 auxiliary jack for your iPod is awesome. The leather seats are extremely comfortable. Other favs are push button start, keyless entry, gas mileage and horsepower

Entry - just grab handle to open doors and touch button on trunk to open; push button start/stop; voice activation for stereo, climate control, phone, nav; bluetooth; aux mp3 player input; rearview camera; touch screen navigation; white lighting; auto wipers; moving headlights; vent. seats; soft leather; mem. seats

Headlights, moving head lamps, no keys, acceleration, gas mileage, ventilated seats, great brakes,no antenna.

I love the handsfree bluetooth phone controls. The voice recognition system works perfectly. The sound through the speakers is clear and the other party can hear me very well. I'm using a Treo 700wx with the car without any problems.

Fast acceleration, smooth quiet ride, qulaity whistles and bells. 

Keyless entry, comfort in seats, the sun shade on rear window and the auto windshield wipers.

The car handles and looks and feels great. I like the remote entry, push button start. The HID lheadlights are excellent and really help with night time driving. One thing that may seem small is the all-weather mats. W/the cashmere int., they're a great addition and save a lot of wear

Fun, fun, fun and not problems. Getting 24 MPH in town and 30+ on trips.

Build quality.

Navigation system is very, very cool. Not overly difficult to use and the colors are very pleasing. 

Navigation, this was a must have option, I have not been disappointed by it, push button start, keyless entry, styling and the feel of this automobile. I have owned a Lexus for years, so I am not surprised that I like this new one so much.

I like the bluetooth phone, the smoothness with which the car goes and the navigation system.

Computer display, performance and fuel economy. Above all else - styling - this car is a home run!!!

GPS, park assist, push button start and stop engine, key fob opens door without a key by just touching the door handle.

Rain sensing wipers, ventilated seats, headlights turn, crisp navigation, voice activated everything, fuel economy.

Gas mileage, bluetooth, keyless entry and the moving HID headlights.

Style - although I wish it was more separated from the Camry - fit and finish and quality of materials. The increased power was a much needed and appreciated addition. Even at speed, the ES continues to be a very quiet vehicle. Power adjustments for the steering wheel are a welcome addition. 

XM radio w/nav and iPod, smooth quiet ride. Comfortable front seats, interior design clean uncluttered but functional. New exterior design is very nice, have recieved many compliments. Chrome wheels add more visual appeal, keyless entry is very nice

Navigation system is a kick.

The interior is luxurious. The Nav is user friendly (after you get the hang of it). The stereo system is great!! The leather is beautiful!

Bluetooth integration, iPod connection, RF key 

Panoramic roof, park assist, break assist is excellent, integration of Bluetooth with the NAV system is very well done.

Smooth. Quiet. Powerful. Easy to read gauges. Gas mileage. The steering is too light but not sloppy. Great cornering. Bluetooth feature. The keyless system is kinda neat. Nothing not to like. 

My wife has deer in the head light eyes every time she discovers something new about the vehicle. Yesterday she was backing out of the driveway and she notice the outside mirrors had tilt-down in reverse (priceless). 

NAV and phone system

Nav system, sound system, handling, interior design and appointments, comfort of driving.

Push start ignition

The power! The comfort! The quietness. The luxury. It's a Lexus!

Power and overall performance is excellent and has many up-scale features. Overall finishes are excellent, much better than my Cad.

The keyless entry and touch engine start. The rise is perfect and its perfect design makes people try to catch up with me in traffic to see what type vehicle it is. The interior is roomy and spacious. The wood trim is adequate. 

Navigation and HID lights!

The ventilated/ heated seats with the upgraded leather. In southern hot climates this is a great option, well worth the money. Work like a charm. Also love the rear sunshade.

Comfort and handling. The fun nav and bluetooth features are our favorites.

Bluetooth and voice recognition makes it simpler to make a call, although the voice recognition is not flawless.



The voice activated navigation and ventilated seat. Keyless operation is very handy. Great sound system and six speed automatic is like silk.

My favorite features are the keyless entry/ignition system, the navigation system with the bluetooth technology. I like the powerful engine and its fueleconomy. The quality of the materilas used on the inside. The quietness and the comfort. The fun of driving ths car..The way people look at it,

Mark Levinson sound system and the bluetooth system I love I am like a kid with that system. But the one thing to me that is totally awesome is the adaptive headlights and backup camera.

I love the ability to set the seat, steering wheel and side mirrors for my comfort. The extending seat for the back of your legs is a great idea. The navigation touch screen is user friendly and a huge plus. Of course the stylish design and comfort are great too. Lastly I enjoy the ventilated seats!

The fantastic ride and comfort. The navigation system with bluetooth and the satellite radio is also awesome.

Bluetooth, fabulous 5th generation nav system, Mark Levinson audio system, engine power, high tech features.

Keyless entry.

Adaptive headlights, keyless entry & starting, heated & ventilated front seats and multiple safety features. All are practical and useful.

Transmission. Engine.

Navigation, Blue Tooth Phone, Heated and Cooling Seats, Keyless entry and start, Quiet ride, Safety features including the back up camera.

Too many features to list; highlights include keyless entry and ignition, comfortable ventilated (heated/cooled) seats adjustable in many ways; GPS navigation; Bluetooth cell phone integration; CD/tape/FM/AM sound system with aux jack for iPods; backup camera; park-assist radar; much more.

Keyless enty and start, excellent navigation system, back-up camera, instument panel design

comfort, quietness, handling, styling

The way it looks, handles,t he quietness of the ride are all just a small part of the enjoyment one gets when they drive this car. Its Primo!!

The car. The Navi. The Levinson sound. The Lexus service. The Bluetooth. The ease and ride. 

Ventilated seats! Sure is great on an early summer day. Navigation system is excellent! The key less feature takes some time to get used to but it is growing on me! Nice and quiet just what I was looking for! 

Keyless entry, ventilated seats with heated and "air conditioning", back up camera. 

My favorite is the Auxilliary input jack which is nicely hidden in the armrest. The controls are simple yet functional with virtually every button providing multi-functions. The engine is the biggest improvement in my opinion. The seating position is optimal as usual with a Lexus. And, the price!

Nav system, back-up camera, blue tooth technology

Adaptive headlights, Smart Start and the performance of the new 3.5 liter V6.

The ride and the luxury in and outside the car.

Navigation, leather seats, the overall interior design

Mark Levinson sound system that includes 6-disc DVD-Audio, XM Sat, MP3/iPod connection. Generation 5 Navigation that has more options (Bluetooth and back up camera come to mind)& the best resolution ever (32,000 colors). Panorama glass roof & Smartkey access. HP to MPG ratio (272HP/21-30 MPG) .

Quality, electronics, quietness, reputation, luxury, styling, price.

Start button, keyless entry, interior lights.

New and improved exterior. 6 disc CD changer supports MP3 and WMA formats. Now that MP3 is supported only a few discs will cover all of my music collection. I am putting away my entire booklet of CDs.

Powerful, super quite, new features, excellent handing

Comfort and build quality. Gas mileage of 31/32 MPG on 200 mile trip is outstanding. In town mileage is 23/24 MPG. Powerful engine.

Blue tooth compatibility, aux input for an iPod, good space in the back seat, sporty look.

Outside mirrors that lower when in reverse, outside lever for trunk opening, dependability, gas mileage, quietness, better leg room in the back seat, like the lumbar support in driver's seat, like the larger wheels.

Speedometer cockpit sytle lighting, smooth on the highway, exterior noise is minimum. Handles like a sportscar, and is awesome!!

Navigation / Bluetooth System

Keyless ignition/smart key settings. Bluetooth. Satellite radio. Quiet ride on highway. 

Air-conditioned seats, glass roof.

Push button start. Great sound system.

Easy to use touchscreen nav system. More than adequate horsepower rating (272). Very smooth ride with ultra-smooth transmission shifts. Very sleek/sporty look (ES 330 looked like a Buick). Lots of luxury for this price point.

Ride. Fuel economy. Expected reliability.

Accelerates fast, comfortable, base stereo is good enough.

Quiet and comfortable ride.

The looks, ease of electronic operations, roomy, and, gas mileage.

Rear back up camera. Seat ventilation. 

I love the keyless entry, because I've always had major problems keeping up with car keys. I also appreciate the dual heating/cooling due to the fact that my husband and I have completely difference responses to temperature.

Bluetooth and the nav. system.

Economy for car this size. Air cooled seats. nav package. Lowers windows from outside to cool. Keyless operation.

275 HP engine, electronics integration, swiveling headlights, ventilated seats.



The handling and all the toys that come with the premium pkg. In addition, the auxiliary feature for the iPod. I also like the easy management of the center console while you're driving. 

Nav system, built-in Bluetooth, keyless entry and ignition.

The keyless start. The rear moonroof. The navigation is really easy to use. It has a lot of unexpected power and a very smooth ride. We like the 6 CD Mark Levinson sound. Rear seat passengers like the fact that there isn't a hump on the floor so there's more room.

Power, quietness, comfort.

The ride and the quiet. The finish of the car is excellent. Everything fits precisely.

Mark Levinson DVD/nav is awesome. Play a DVD and watch it on the nav screen while you're parked (listen to it while driving), fabulous sound. Rear glass roof/shade on UL package very nice. Very quiet ride, great Bluetooth, comprehensive nav. Smooth tranny and power. Push button start/stop.

It's just a car - no exceptional features unique to Lexus.

Exterior design I love and I like the interior overall. Having the middle comfort model has better seats with more cushion. 

Look of the interior, smooth engine, a ton of luxury features for the money.

Smart access keyless go, chrome handles, type of lighting used; very bright, all seats and trunk are very spacious, pretty much everything about the car.

The 6-speed automatic transmission, Lo-jack system, keyless entry feature, but mostly the power and performance. Gas mileage is also very impressive!

HID turning headlamps, LED lighting, keyless entry, comfort and performance.

Everything / push button start standard radio bluetooth.





Ride quality and quietness along with comfortable seating.

Styling is good, engine is strong, fit and finish is first class.

GPS system with camera. Tilt down mirrors. Adaptive reflecting lights. Automatic rain sensors wipers. Recess lights in cabin.

Gas mileage, quiet cabin, smooth ride, excellent acceleration on expressways except on hilly terrain, heated and ventilated seats, very good standard sound system, good visibility.

Quiet ride, elegant interior, fuel economy (23 mpg mixed/30 hwy), power, easy controls, comfortable seats, nav, bluetooth. Full size spare makes me feel more secure on long road trips. Big side mirrors. It almost covers the blind spots as well. Ultra pkg includes terrific sound system. Passenger mem seats.

Push button start, stereo system, gas mileage, interior and exterior appearance, ride, bluetooth... I love it all!

Everything (the whole package)except for dashboard material.

Push button ignition, programmable seat and steering wheel position, very good base stereo (hard to believe upgrade to Mark Levinson stereo would be worth it), plenty of room in rear seat and trunk.

Smart key, GPS system, backup camera, styling, comfort, smooth ride, iPod hookup, tilt down mirrors, and parking sensors front and rear.

Navigation package, Mark Levinson audio, intuitive parking assist, backup camera, high intensity headlights, tilt down side view mirrors, more.

Styling, sound system, interior seats, panorama moonroof. Performance and gas mileage very surprising. 

Air conditioned seats are awesome.

The Bluetooth is very convenient, the headlamps which swivels also helps a lot especially when turning. Parking assist with back-up camera.

Bluetooth, smart access, push button start/stop, dual swivel HID headlamps, vented seats and navigation. 

Smooth and comfortable ride. Ventilated seats. Quality feel of interior.

Push button start, power everything, navi system, styling, adaptive HID lights.

Electronic start. Smooth ride. Good power when transmission doesn't slip.

Bluetooth, navigation, keyless entry, push button start, vented seats, dual swivel HID headlamps.

Heat/cool seats that came on quick. Get your bottom warm before you leave your block. Voice command on the Navi. w/ backup camera is a new to me, so I think it's cool.Good gas mileage, at least on paper. Relatively low insurance $ when compare to TL type S. Smart key is cool. Can't lock yourself out.

Do like the head lights. Great turning radius. Good looks. Good gas mileage. 

Smooth ride. Excellent gas mileage. Powerful motor. Comfortable seats.

Navigation sytem 3.5L V6 372hp engine Electronic key / Smart Access Heated / cooled leather seats.

Quiet, comfortable at lower speeds of 40 to 50 mph.

Air-conditioned seats and the keyless entry.

Styling inside and out. Navigation system, stereo, mp3 input and ride quality. Also love the keyless ignition.

Blue tooth cell phone, heated and ventilated and heated seats. Keyless ignititon. Quick acceleration on highway ramps. Most important comfortable and quite ride. Interior styling is very luxury-like compared to competition. Seats are very comfortable.

Reaction to speed, all of the fun gadgets and of course the 27MPG in the city. GREAT GAS MILEAGE! 



Engine performance and leg room. Always love Lexus fit and finish as well as reliability.

Nav, voice command, bluetooth, luxury appointments and comfort. And oh by the way, my Ultra's glass roof is just too cool.

Love the navigation and rear view camera. Combination of fuel economy and power is highly desirable. Getting about 26 MPG per tank which is good for this type of car. 

Key that "talks" to car. Touch access to car and truck. Push-button engine start. The look of the car is beautiful.

Smart key entry and start. Memory settings for 2. Trunk open with trunk button. All weather mats. 

My favorite feature is the keyless entry. I no longer have to dig into my handbag to find the keys, they just have to be inside it for me to open the doors!! So convenient, as I usually have my hands full. When I get in my car, I just press the start button. I love it!!

Smooth, quiet ride. Mark Levinson audio/navigation system. Heated AND ventilated seats (cant wait for summer). Keyless entry and push button start/stop. Rain-sensing wipers. Safety.

Keyless entry, intuitive park assist, seating comfort, quiet, smooth ride, overall handling and external appearance.

I love the XM radio. The seats are very comfortable with plenty of leg room. The gas mileage ain't bad for this vehicle. I have been getting approx. 27 mpg. city and highway. It is a very impressive vehicle.

Interior design (I have the GPS navigation screen) and amazingly quiet ride. Very responsive to acceleration with the 272 HP engine upgrade from 2006.

Navigation, keyless entry, ventilated seats, XM radio, automated front lighting system (swiveling headlamps), smooth ride and "real" wood trim. 

Backup TV and small turning circle.

Mark Levinson radio, nav. sys., heated/cooled seats, power, fuel economy, looks, paint, auto wipers, pollution sensor, brakes, comfort, blue-tooth phone system, etc., etc. 

The power and ride are very good, but the keyless entry and starter button are our favorites

Navigation system, rear camera, headlights, and the Smart Key System.

Performance. Put this engine in my ES 300 and one would have a better car.

HP rating and gas mileage.

Turn compensating headlamps. Cooling/heated front seats. keyless ignition/locking. 

