Blue tooth, Nav system, speed up real fast.

AWD and adaptive lights. No Hands blue tooth is wonderful, and seats can be cooled.

Power, gas mileage.

Performance and handling is great. Amazing acceleration and quietness at the same time. Performs great on mountainous roads.



Heated AND cooled seats, keyless entry, maybach shade in back, bright lights.

The HP is quite impressive as to the internal/exterior styling and color of the vehicle. 

Navigation system and stereo.



Engine performance and interior including the Mark Levinson sound system. 

Excellent gas mileage for the horsepower, great ride, reliability, dealer comes to my house to get car of service while in warranty. Overall high quality fit and finish, excellent acceleration. Looks great too.

Love the looks, great tranny, great power from a V6 Lots of nav functions but I think I'll never use most of them, comfortable seats.

Engine, comfortable seats, HID headlights and small turning radius.

It seems Lexus has over looked some ergonomic issues and put lots of energy into over engineering unnecessary safety into many of its subsystems. Unfortunately, these safety features diminish the driving experience one would expect from a $50K automobile. But I love the styling of the GS 350.

Interior and exterior styling. I love the way this car looks!

Interior material quality, bluetooth, dash layout, love the touch screen navigation.

Keyless start, back-up camera, interior design, exterior look, ride.

Sorry, Lexus, but when I bought my car, I told them the two things that made a difference for me was Nav and Bluetooth. I do a lot of driving and talking. I can't get past the fact that both are practically worthless.

Appearance, luxury touches, service. 

Quiet, smooth and easy handling. Moves from 0 to 60 very fast and is a joy to drive. The keyless system works perfectly and is a joy!

Body style and color (verdigris).

Bluetooth, dash layout, navigation, ride, comfort, looks.

Bluetooth, navigation, seats, dash, collapsible mirrors, looks, power.

Navigation system, bluetooth, overall ride and comfort - just fun to drive.

Power and gas mileage are great.

Interior quality and feature, appearance, acceleration.

Keyless entry, navigation, XM radio, and Lexus dependability.

Performance/handling, style, all the cool techy stuff.

Bluetooth, navi, ML audio, 18 inch G-Spider wheels.

Seats, nav, looks, and overall fit and finish.

Bluetooth phone system, keyless entry and ignition, acceleration, handling, luxurious leather interior, ventilated seats (these are awesome on hot days!).

Comfort, power, handling, 6 speed transmission.

Performance... really fast. Great brakes. Smart key... don't have to search the pockets. Great quality.

I would say that the power is really my favorite feature. You can reach some high speeds very quickly. The brakes are of course superb and an invaluable complement to the drivetrain. Also the tires and suspension provide plenty of grip. Of course who can forget the GPS or the MP3 cd player?

The instrument panel was uncluttered and the touch screen controls were easy to use.

Smart key, backup camera, parking sensor, 18 inch wheels, navi, etc.

Pushbutton start! How did I ever live without it? Bluetooth phone integration for handsfree while driving works very well also. Driving experience - it's no BMW, but it is fun to drive. You don't feel tired after driving 200 miles in one shot.

Interior, navigation system, bluetooth, and smooth six speed transmission it is hard to pick best features. But if I had to choose I think the best feature is the AWD combined with the smooth transmission.

My favorite feature is the hands free phone and ML audio.They work and are fun to use.

The favorite features are the folding mirrors, interior lights and exterior design. It is a small verson of the LS.

Powerful engine, moisture sensitive wipers, brakes and instrument panel that is logical.



The car has all the bells and whistles and is made so well. The layout is great.

The interior and instrument cluster lighting. The touch screen system and the push to start/keyless system (takes getting used to). Powertrain noise is well muted and sound you do hear is sweet. Great car to look at.

Beautiful car inside and out... and oh, by the way, she's really fast.

Leather, trim, nav, bluetooth, power, looks (I put 19' rims and tires on it already!) fit and finish. More reviews to follow soon!

Interior is very well done. Touch screen very nice. Powertrain is very quiet as I had expected a Lexus would be.

Engine power, handling, eye appeal, BRIDGESTONE TIRES !!!

The handsomely designed exterior, the plush interior, the easy to access controls, the smooth, comfortable ride, the safety of AWD and (of course) the Mark Levinson stereo system make this a near perfect automobile.



303 HP, handling, braking, parking assist, interior finish/materials, external looks, auto rear sunshade, can easily fit into smaller garages in spite of its size.

Power delivery from the 306 HP engine is silky smooth and nearly effortless, you barely feel the transmission shift between its 6 gears, the suspension soaks up all the bumps but still remains athletic, the gadget list is long and includes the best navigation systems, A/C seats are great in Texas.

Blue tooth phone, ventilated seats, Lexus quality. Black pearl wood trim.

Nice looking interior, price.

Nav (Gen 5 - great clarity, simple). Fit and finish. 

Pep and quietness.

Comfort and climate control are amazing. Temperature control precision is remarkable! Plenty of room for tall drivers - 6? and 6?4? fit without issue. Audio is wonderful, satellite is a must. Navi is beautiful. Gauges are beautiful, and interior lighting is cool. BTW, did I mention it is quiet?

Push start ignition, lighting, navigation system, comfort of the ride.

Power, electronics, fit and finish.

You can't beat the interior of Lexus. 

Bluetooth for cell phones and of course that "Push Start Button". How amazing is that. 

Fuel economy, Mark Levinson, back up camera and 303 HP.

Space ship-like interior, Navigation program, cooled seats, acceleration, exterior appearance. Just about everything.

Performance, luxury, Levinson audio, quiet interior.

New 3.5L's produced 303 hp, instead of 3.0L's 245hp.

I love that this car unlocks itself and recoginizes me when I approach. It is effortless to drive and my favorite gadget might be the voice recoginition telephone feature.

Power, handling, smoothness and quietness along with exceptional quality are the biggest point.

Speed plus decent fuel economy; sporty feel and handling; absence of an "iDrive" or "MMI"; AWD capability; nice NAV system. 

Voice activated navigation and bluetooth phone. Also dig the rear sunshade here in Fl and the rain sensing wipers.

ML/Nav and Bluetooth. Ventilated seats. Put car in reverse: power rear shade drops, outside mirrors tilt down and backup camera activates

The navigation and all the functional and useful electronics.

Performance is my favorite feature of the GS 350. The engine is outstanding

