The truck is so comfortable and is easy to see out of it (for us short people). The interior is easy to reach everything. Nice multiple cd player!

Power. Storage areas. Rear-seat legroom. Power rear window. Styling.

Power and the ride are great. All the little things in the truck. Radio, storage, 12v plugs. The truck was well thought out.

Power. Seat comfort.

Rear window rolls down.

I love all the room inside, the look of the exterior, the heated mirrors, all the space in the middle console, the lighting inside, multiple light hook-ups for the trailer, and the assisted tailgate is one of my favs. The power of this truck is unreal, and it rides so smooth on the freeway.

Looks good to me. Plenty of power. No costs except for regular oil changes. Excellent braking!

HP, towing ability, interior styling and room are best of any truck I've owned. Love the cushion-drop tailgate. Workmanship and reliability is also slightly better, but not up to previous Toyota standards. Body metal is OK. They'd do well to consult with offroaders on improvements to toughen-up. 

Tilt wheel, decent sound system, bluetooth, tons of storage space, assisted tailgate, electric folding outside mirrors (great to have on the ferry), excellent headlamp system.

Ride, handling, and appearance.

My favorite is the 381 hp super 5.7 strong motor and super Belstein suspension very very quite (silencious).

I like the deep bed but my favorite feature is the tight turning radius. Tundra drives smooth and the interior is comfy. Full sized adults can sit comfortably in the back seats.

The engine and drivetrain are the crown jewels for this vehicle, clearly outclassing anything in its field of 1/2 ton trucks. The general level of driver comfort is also a big plus at the end of a hard day. 

I think this truck runs, idles and shifts really smooth with plenty of power. Even on the highway it drives very smooth with easy to use cruise control. I also love the way the front looks like a bulldog! Plenty of interior room with plenty of power.

The engine and transmission. Second, the rear seats. They slide forward and recline.

Engine.

Auto stability control (which does work - I've used it!), 4 wheel disc brakes, 6 disc CD changer, JBL sound system with bluetooth for cell phones, tough looks, head turning styling, nimbleness for a full size truck.

Exterior design, interior comfort, reliability, fun to drive and most important the horsepower!!

381 HP, 6 speed transmission, very roomy, comfortable for the whole family to fit in. I love how the rear seats fold up, perfect for transporting a dog if you don't want hair all over everything!

Power of the engine!

Big crewmax back seat, interior and exterior styling.

Drive train, roomy cab actually can seat adults even on a trip.

Horsepower, bold styling.

The power rear window and many outlets for plugging in the cell chargers and dvd players is an excellent feature. The power seat and fully adjustable steering wheel makes finding the right position easy. 

The engine brake system, along with the engine power. 385 hp with 401 ft lbs of torque. This thing pulls.

Quiet ride. Friendly interior with lots of storage compartments. Ample room behind the seat for storage. Large console. I like the slow dropping tailgate.

5.7 ltr engine, center console, huge mirrors.

Brakes and safety features; 6 air bags, stronger roof. etc.

Roomy regular cab, nice to drive, lots of visibility, good brakes, and Toyota quality!

Drivetrain is absolutely outstanding, ride quality is awesome, literally no road noise (very quiet cabin), comfort on long trips, overall look of the vehicle, 4 doors instead of an access cab, and its looks, oh and I actually like the guage layout, unlike some people who say it is very separated.

I consider my Tundra outstanding in handling, ride and performance. Only problem is with poor gas mileage.

5.7L engine has ridiculous amounts of power. Puts you back in the seat by just thinking about stepping on the gas pedal. Interior is extremely roomy and the seats are very comfortable. Rides very well even on the uneven highways where I live. Moonroof and power roll down rear window.

Tailgate, tow mirrors, ride.

Plenty of storage throughout the truck, the CrewMax has tons of legroom. I am 6'5" and I have plenty of room to stretch out in the back. The 5.7 roars to life when you start it up, my son loves the sound when I give it a little gas.

Size especially the interior. Quiet inside. Extremely smooth engine. Nice to have a transmission temp gauge.

Everything about the truck.

Roadhandling is the best of any truck I have driven. Crosswind doesn't affect it at all. Ample roominess for my 6-4 frame.

Horsepower, turning radius, storage, tons of room behind seat.

Space, nav, power, ease of driving.

5.7L engine. 6 speed auto tranny. Remote start. Amount of room behind the seat of a regular cab. It's almost like an extended cab behind the front seat. 

Back power window. Back up camera should be mandatory when towing, because this one feature alone is a time saver for hooking up the trailer. Hydro formed trailer hitch is very tight and does not allow clanking around of the hitch.

Easy to read gauges, easy to lower rear door panel 6 speed auto tranny. Makes driving fun.

The transmission is better than the engine - computerized, seamless shifts, knows when to downshift. 5.7 engine is the best gas engine I have driven ever. Tow mirrors are excellent. Bucket seats w/ console are large and comfortable. A/C is very quiet. If they make a 3/4 ton, I'll buy one.

5.7 engine's power and all the interior room. Truck looks great. Lots of comments.

Ride, reliability, resale.

5.7L engine and 6-speed transmission. Excellent "push you back in your seat" torque. Storage compartments are everywhere. Four power ports. Rear-seat room. HUGE sunroof w/ speed sensitive deflector. "Get out of my way" look it gives to other cars on the highway. Standard safety features.

The roominess of the front and rear compartments. This truck has many places to store and keep things. The engine power is unbelievable! When I drive around in town - people can't help and notice this good looking truck! 

The leather is really nice and seems durable. The seats are extremely comfortable for a large guy like me. 

The overall aspect and general features of the vehicle and features that come with the SXT version I bought.

Everything. Especially the aggressive hood which conceals that potent 5.7 litre monster.

Black leather LiquiCell seats. Perfect fit and finish, like a Lexus. Perfect spacing on all body panels. Unbelievable leg room in back seat. Very smooth ride. Great acceleration. Power rear window. Easy lift tailgate. Chrome front bumper. The rugged look and the stance of the vehicle. It gets an A+.

Everything.

Traction control, manual shifting mode w/ a 6-speed automatic, electric back window - fantastic for quickly cooling the interior on hot days and reducing the need for A/C. 

Not sure yet. I can't get past the awful ride.

There is a terrific amount of storage space. All the controls are in easy reach. Love the separate heat/ac controls for the front. The mp3 plug is terrific and love the 6 disc changer. Love the floor shifter with TRD package. We find the seats to be comfortable.

Motor and powertrain. Stability control system. Creature comforts. 

Large engine, dual exhaust and smooth 6 speed transmission. The navigation system is very easy to use.

The extended warranty offered is from Toyota, and is good for 5 years and 100,000 miles!! Bumper to Bumper!!. Although being a Toyota I will probably never need it.

381hp 401 lb,/ft, 6sp, paddle shift, 19.5 mpg, big 4 door double cab, lots of room.

Enormous amounts of power. Good fuel mileage for large vehicle. Six speed tranny and enough room for everyone to stretch out. Toyota build quality. Very safe with side, side curtain airbags. Huge oil capacity 7.4 quarts w/filter. Orange colored instrumentation (makes me think of Pontiac.)

Roominess, iPod, transmission temp gauge, 6 spd tranny, 5.7 ltr V-8.

Outstanding acceleration. Transmission can be left in automatic, or manual (with no clutch). Awesome sound system. Plenty of room. 

Huge interior. Requires regular unleaded. 381 horse power from the 5.7 I-Force V8. 6 speed automatic. 



The 381 HP, towing capacity, roomy interior, just about everything.

Blue tooth and huge space in the center console. Brakes.

The whole shootin' match!

Power!! Cab features and comfort for driver and passengers are awesome. JBL 12spkr w/sub, now that rocks! The manual shift is cool. Braking is on a dime! You have to see the rotors on this thing. Love the sunroof and the back rear window that opens all the way. It is a muscle truck!

Voice command navigation, bluetooth, 4x4, quietness even with the dual exhaust, backup camera. 

5.7L engine, vertical power sliding rear window, reclining rear seats

Very quiet. Plenty of room interior. Love the deeper bed. Great stereo. Seats more comfortable than previous tundra. Exterior design gorgeous! 

5.7 v8 381hp 6 speed automatic transmission, electronic 4 wheel drive switchable up to 60 mph, large storage box under back seat.



Horsepower, ride, handling, bluetooth, navigation, sliding rear window, rear back up camera, easy lift tailgate, rear dvd system, reclining rear seats, huge console up front is like a table on top of a file cabinet, tons of compartments to store stuff, leather seats are all super comfortable.

Styling

TONS of room. Surprised at gas mileage for so large a truck. Smooth ride and performance. Six-speed auto is silky smooth.

Power, nav, back up cam, dual exhaust, XM radio, leather, style.

Center console slides back and forth to create comfortable writing area. Slide forward and relcline back seats w/center armrest. Power retracting rear window. Center dash MPG calculator and miles to empty display. Power bucket seat. Tilt and telescoping steering wheel. 5.7 liter engine, w/6spd trans.

The 6 speed tranny with the sequential shift. Comfortable driving position. Great interior. The power sliding rear window. Rear seat space. The best in class.

The power, payload, towing, handling, braking, and overall performance of this truck are astonishing. The interior is refined, yet still rugged enough to suit a truck. Nice thick leather instead of the thin stuff. Compared to my Ford, I love the gas mileage.

The comfort of the seats and ride quality was most surprising, did not expect it. 

Motor and tranny.

Aux port for iPod is great. Buckets with center console well worth the money. The 5.7 is the best part though. 

Front end styling

Electronic stability control. Performance/acceleration. 6 speed tranny.

Power to tow. Power to haul. Lots of power! Tailgate gas strut makes light work of opening and closing it. Separate front seat temp control is something I will no longer do without and the optional underseat storage box (double cab) is perfect for keeping tools/accessories quiet and out of the way.

I love the style of both the exterior and the interior. The size, the giddy up and go, the safety features as well. I could go on and on, but I'll let you decide for yourself when you buy one. 

All of them... towing pkg, rear power window, huge cab, power... 381 horse power!

The feature I like the best is not even touted much by Toyota, the Artificial Intelligence shifting control. I was driving in the mountains of PA and noticed that when going down hills and using the brakes often the engine would automatically shift down thus saving my brakes. Love this feature.

Best looking truck on the market. Designers did a great job, too bad the technical folks didn't. 

Good Breaks, accelaration, towing ability.

Power train .Tailgate dampener, turning radius and braking power.

Nav, leather seats and rear backup camera.

Seat comfort and interior design.

Lots of power. Great storage compartments. 6 speed transmission. Ride off-road.

Navigation is a must have option.

Engine and transmission, plenty of power and pretty good gas mileage.

Good fit and finish, powerful engine, quiet for a big V-8, very smooth transmission, lots of interior storage (huge console), at least 4 jacks for electronic toys (including one in the back seat area), standard issue CD player/tuner sounds great. Did I mention great brakes and very stable handling?

5.7L engine, moon roof, power vertical sliding rear window, size and presence, rear sliding and reclining rear seats, and all the compliments I receive on my truck. 

The power and the sound system! 

Obviously my favorite feature is what you can't see. That monstrous 5.7 that's pushing close to 400 horse and 401 torque. The styling is gorgeous. I love the sport app. pkg. Love the instrument panel. The truck looks like a beast. A beautiful beast. The iforce 5.7L V8 badging on the side reflects such.

Clean interior.

5.7 engine, powerful brakes, 6 speed trans, lots of room, storage (I hate junk floating all over the interior), rear window goes down. 

I really like the exterior design. 5.7 liter engine. Build quality. Fit & finish are excellent. TRD suspension. Check the 5.7 liter engine compartment. IMO, the engine is nicely laid out & the average guy who wants to do some minor maintenance such as oil changes, etc can easily do so. 

Toyota 5.7 V8, 6 speed transmision, traction control.

Powerful engine and 6A help it stand out.



8 foot bed. Oversize door handles. Assisted tailgate. Acceleration.

Body style, vehicle stance, interior styling, aux input on the CD player for my iPod, the way the seats fold up in the back.

Navigation with backup camera, 5.7 engine/6 speed tranny, redrock interior, tons of storage, resale, towing, styling (best looking pickup on the road), safety features, smile on my face everytime I drive it:)

Awesome 12 speaker JBL stereo, especially with a MP3 player. The speakers require over 80 hours to break in. 4wd is great. Other reviews of off base. TRD package is a must.Improves performance and ride. Up/down rear power window is great.Sonar in bumpers is user friendly. I also like the memory seats.

back up camera

Power/heated leather seats with variable controls are nice. Auto dimming mirrors are a good touch. Back up system works great. Vehicle's power makes up for lack of comfort. Fuel economy is decent for a truck. Exterior styling is great! I love the easy lower tailgate. 

Exterior design, brilliant red color, 5.7L motor, wicked towing capacity, smooth drive.

Engine power, amount of passenger space in the rear seat, overall ride

Engine power and 6 speed tranny.

Bold, sleek look (in black), seats are comfortable, middle folding down console with cup holders and little compartments, nice overhead console with sunglasses holder.

Roominess. Hydraulic truck bed. Great ground clearance. Major Power. Huge brakes. Full size but still fits in normal stalls. Sliding rear seats.

The 5.7 liter V8 is a powerful, smooth, and torquey motor!

The center console is spacious and makes a nice arm rest. The stereo system, too, is better than expected.

Back-up camera.

5.7 with the 6 speed tranny, dash, in cab storage, 12 volt plugs everywhere, reclining rear seats, roomy, size, the list goes on.



The engine is the best feature by far. I just has so much power. The seats are very comfortable and plenty of room.

Towing capacity, power, braking system, body style.

Floor shifter with manual mode. Rear reclining seats. Interior storage areas. 5.7L engine and six speed trans. Power rear window.

Besides the obvious, I just love to drive this truck.! It handles best of any truck I've ever driven. and tows my 4090# Caddy (on a master-tow dolly) like it wasn't even there (this without trailer brakes on the dolly!). Second and not far behind is the bench seat combo-armrest very handy.

Interior layout, 6 speed auto transmission, new exterior design, tons of power, quietness of ride.

Power, smoothness, tailgate, and cargo management.

Pistol grip floor shifter, side-curtain airbags, and in-dash 6 disc stereo.

Automatic/manual transmission, engine power, cab space, storage in the cab, turning radius, sound system.

Size of the truck. Soft, comfortable seats. Smooth ride quality. Bluetooth feature. Large internal storage areas. Modern Interior and exterior styling.

The power is incredible. I get chills everytime I look at it and you've got to see this interior, it's a cool brownish leather with a multi color of trims, very sleek and from the opinions I've received, a man's paradise!!

Engine, interior, ride, really all of it.

6.2 zero to 60 401 lbs. of torque. No stock truck can catch or even think about passing me! 381 HP big cab for big boys who drive them - I'm 6'3", 270 and I have plenty of room in the back seat with the front seat all the way back. Oh the back glass going all the way down ROCKS!!

Tailgate closes with two fingers.

5.7L power, great handling and extremely refined for a large truck.

The power and quality feel.

Engine power! Brakes! A true full size truck.

Engine transmission operation. Hydraulic tail gate assist. 

The power of the 5.7 is my favorite part of the truck. You can't beat the 381 horsepower.

Definitely the 381 HP engine is the favorite feature! Like the body styling too.

Smooth ride and shifting, excellent power at any time. Really like the extra foot of bed length 6.5ft on a short bed.

Navigation w/rear backup camera, remote start, xm sat radio, 5.7 liter engine (all I can say is WOW), and smooth tranny.

The 5.7 V8 with 381 horse power along with the six speed transmission make this truck a real driving experience. This truck looks great and rides great. 

Everything.

Room, towing ability, looks, comfort, toyota reliability.

Powerful engine, great exterior design, love the deck rail system in the bed.

Just driving it is my favorite. The bed is quite large, wheel wells seem smaller.

Everything on this truck rocks.

5.7 integrated tow, liquid gel leather seats, chrome 20s.

Looks, bigger bed, assist tailgate and view!

I love the power of the 5.7 and the smooth 6 speed automatic. The optional sonar makes parking a lot easier.

Towing and horsepower.

Best in class Interior storage and dash board functionality, plenty of space for work documents, music, and general stuff. The dash is well organized and easy to access.

All, motor.



Overall package. Quality of fit and finish. Everything is my favorite.

TRD package looks good on it. Side rails are a good option and very sturdy.

Easy lift tail gate. Side airbag cut off. Standard 18" rims. GIGANTIC ventilated disc brakes. Hanging file folder in center console. Shift knob that you can wrap whole hand around.

Love the powerful 381 horsepower V8, and high towing and payload capacities. The seats are very luxurious, and comfortable.

Power when not towing, looks, hopeful reliability.

Engine power, build quality, tailgate, ride quality.

Performance, rear lid its actually goes down smooth and easy with out slamming.

Power and off road ride. Towing is amazing.

Navigation and back-up camera and MP3. Great versatility with back seat. Lots of big and little storage areas.

Power Power Power

The brakes and drivetrain.

Ride, power, tailgate.

Short wheelbase makes it very maneuverable, room behind front seats, quiet cab, plenty of power for towing and no problems

Extra large leg room front and rear.

5.7 engine's power, inside seating, power folding mirrors, in/out styling, ride and performance is great with a load. 6 spd transmission shifts smoothly. Homelink. Center armrest is nice and well thought out. 

Of course the 5.7L V8..

Brakes, brakes, brakes. I can't say enough about the braking ability on this truck. Low end torque makes towing my boat (Tahoe 215CC, aboout 3000 lbs) seem like it's not even back there, and this is in the 4.7L. Handling is very good as well.

Engine power.

The way it handles and the way it rides. And all the compliments I get but don't care about any more.

Engine, on the rare day when running correctly, has a lot of power, and fair fuel economy.

Plenty of compliments. 5-speed transmission. Center console size (I run a computer-stand setup in my mobile office and use the center console to hold my mouse pad). Bluetooth with phone and steering wheel controls...can lose the earpiece. Wife loves the heated seats, roominess and JBL stereo system.

Tail gate, vsc, very quiet, power, ride, rugged.

Towing & hauling power are fantastic. I get good gas mileage towing a boat on the highway. The extended side mirrors are very useful when towing a boat. The V8 power & quiet transmission are great when climbing steep hills. The interior cabin is comfortable and roomy for tall people. 

Space in the cab is great. Just wish the build quality lived up to the design. 

Gobs of horsepower, excellent sound system, comfortable seats at all positions. My 6'4" son sits behind me with several inches knee room.

Engine, liqui-cell leather seats.

Power of the engine, drives nice. Gas mileage is not bad for a big truck.

Power and towing abilities

The cabin space was great. The power of the 5.7 was incredible. 1800lbs in the bed was hardly noticeable.

Rear-view camera is a great feauture. However, the engine is the best thing about that vehicle

The whole truck, 

Power and reliability

Braking, smoooth ride, and the daring look.

The back seats recline. The full back electric window. Tons of room for driver and passengers. Lots of compartments and storage.

The soft open tailgate and the feather light ease of closing it

I love all of the storage spaces & the efficiency of the windshield wipers. The topside access to the oil filter and the dampened tailgate mechanism are pure genious. The rear seats, designed to flip up/out of the way, make cargo room, & are extended, roadtrip approved. The console is clever/useful.

Horse power, pulling capacity, lrg. brakes, and overall looks.

Engine is very powerful, with fair gas mileage for the amount of power.

power

Power, comfort, fit and finish

Large knobs and large buttons on the dash. Easy to touch and turn.

Bluetooth phone, 10 speaker stereo, assisted and locking tailgate, power, looks, dual zone climate control, red rock interior with black exterior, TRD package.

Performance by far.

Gas mileage for such a big truck. Interior room is amazing. Tons of little featuresthat are standard you don't get in other trucks.

Bluetooth.

Love the Limited leather and the JBL stereo with Bluetooth. 1st vehicle I have owned that had the steering wheel controls. Actually there is not too much that I don't like about this truck

Heated seats, stereo, engine, transmission and the body style in red. The interior is very comfortable.

381 hp, tons of storage space, tail gate assist, telescopic steering wheel.

The 5.7 381 HP engine, 6 speed auto,TRD package with plenty of options to go with it, Tight turning radius, Leg room in back seat in the double cab style is plenty for all passengers. Performance is great and handles on all types of road conditions very well.

The engine (5.7 L.) and the shifter on the console are my favorite items.

Stereo

Power, handling, braking, towing, interior and exterior styling, comfort, size (these rigs are big).

Interior for a truck meant for work. Smooth powerful power train. Standard safety features (air bags all around, huge brakes, traction control, etc.), and interior space.

More interior storage than you can shake a stick at. Very quiet ride. The interior feels air tight. The standard stereo/CD player are great. Love that 5.7 V8! For a big truck it turns on a dime and the steering wheel feels effortless. Overall the truck just turns heads.

Seats are a great comfort.

Engine & transmission.

Engine, tranny, brakes, HUGE backseat, tailgate assist, fuel mileage, ride quality.

The ride quality and the "Get Up and GO" of the 5.7.

Power, Power, Power! Plenty of interior passenger room. Fun to drive.

The 5.7L engine and 6 speed auto along with the auto dimming rear view mirror, easy lift tailgate and safety features. 

We like it all. Well done.

Engine! Styling and initial quality are exceptional.

Favorite feature would have to be the sliding rear window - what a cool idea!

Suggested Improvements

The powerful engine. Great looks. Comfort and roominess.

Smooth engine, tons of "giddy-up", handsome black interior, steering wheel radio and bluetooth controls, tons of storage bins/cupholders, excellent towing stability, excellent 4WD performance, quiet cabin at any speed, smooth tranny, looks, hydraulic tailgate, seats, interior room, stopping power.

Tow haul switch for heavy loads. It changes the shift points.

Room. Fuel economy for class. Safety features. Handling. Brakes. Power. Maneuverability.

Everything about this truck. Just love to drive it. Aswome power. Like the tow mirrors also. 

5.7 motor of course, easy up/down tailgate.

I love the look of this truck! I also love that I can fit my dad (6'2", 350 pounds) in the back seat! I also love that the back window rolls all the way down and I can plug my iPod right now into the stereo!

Big open door.

Ride, power, smoothness. Bigger than our old F-150 but feels less bulky to drive and park. Smooth, quiet ride. Traction control. Powerful and steady tow vehicle.

Power of the V8, exterior styling, fun to drive, great safety features with curtain air bags and traction/stability control.

Everything - haven't found anything to complain about. 

The heated tow mirrors look good and function well. The double cab rear seat is comfortable, even for 6-footers. Toyota even thoughtfully included a restraint hook for infant car seats. 

5.7L engine and 6-AT smoothness, looks of 20" wheels, view from side mirrors is the best ever, nav w/bluetooth hands-free telephone is a cool feature, JBL sound system rocks, steering wheel audio/telephone controls. Cold package is a good buy. 

Styling, interior room.

