leather seats, moon roof, large trunk, 

gas mileage, comfort, ease of use.

Gas mileage Style Gas miles left indicator

Fuel mileage, handling and the oil filter is on top of the motor which makes for a very easy oil change! You get a very good vehicle for the price. 

Very comfortable. Maybe i'm getting old but this car is a lot more comfortable than the Mazda it replaced.

Heated seats and smart system for the radio.

The mpg is good, the interior is roomy.

Mileage, ride, and looks

I really love when my hands are full and I can punch the button on my keyring and the trunk automatically lifts up. Drives really well on highway and on back country roads too. 



Heated front seats, remote starter, steering wheel audio controls

CD player sounds great. As others have commented, wind noise with all the windows down is not acceptable. It drives and rides fine and gets good gas mileage.



CD player, powerful A/C, good handling, fast. Sporty, stylish, nicely designed

Reliability, gas mileage, price, 

Bun warmers, cruise control, spaciousness

Legroom, sunroof, muscle-car looks, large wheels



Cell phone charger in the console, large trunk, heated front seats, adjustable gas/brake pedals.

Good gas mileage, performance, agile

Safety package, brakes, fuel economy, solid feeling.

The mean looking front end. 4 wheel braking. saftey rating. Roomier. Keyless start is awesome! Adjustable pedals. Huge trunk for a Malibu.

What i like the most on this car is its performance. The radio controls on the steering wheel are great. This car is just so cute! 

Handling, power and fuel efficiency! 

3.5 engine for power and mileage. Sunroof. Handling. Euro look. Price.

Better than expected mileage

Quiet, smooth ride. Very good pickup for a 4 cylinder car.

I really like the seat adjustment since I'm only 5 6.

OnStar, XM radio, heated seats, remote start, tilt/telescoping steering wheel, adjustable pedals, and the overall styling of the car.

The remote start is great, good for the engine, and car heats up and puts on the defoggers. Also, the torque line is very flat, 90% of the 240lb x ft from 2200 to 6000.

Handling, smooth ride, spacious interior. 

Self ajusting steering. Auto volume sound system. Auto head lights.

Favorite feature is the seat fits my short wife and move back far enough for a big (6' 5") guy to get comfortable too. Great gas mileage.

Suggested Improvements

All

Easy entrance and exit, excellent driving position, OnStar. 

Gas mileage, power and performance, value, comfort, interior and exterior looks (especially tailights and headlights). Manual shift rocker button standard (you don't need to move the shift lever to shift to different gears), 5 year 100,000 warranty.

As this is my 1st automatic, I am really enjoying all of the standard features. I especially like the cruise control as I tend to get a heavy foot now and then and this prevents me from going too fast on the regular highway.

