Supercharger, Sunroof and Foglamps. I like the feel of the steering wheel and the leather seats too.

Suicide door is great!

The service team. I got to know them really well :) Nice guys who had to put up with this particular piece of garbage. It was a nice looking car, thats really the only positive thing I can say about it. 

My favorite feature is the way the car handles and how easy it is to drive. The performance of the car. 

I love the instrument panel being in the center, I did not think I would when I first test drove the car but I quickly became accustomed to it. I have a place to put GPS so it does not have to stick to the window. I love the 33 miles per gallon gas mileage average.

Exterior design is very nice for an entry level car, I do enjoy the aux outlet, and I like how the odometer is over to the side rather than right in front of you 

it is good mileage it is very attractive on the inside & out love the cubbyholes & Onstar no major problems not covered by warranty so far I agree that if you live in a snowy or hilly area like we do you get snow tires, even my dad who has a '07 manual transmission astra said the same thing. 

On-Star, center mounted instrument panel provides great visibility and is easy to adjust to, large trunk.

The seats extend way back to give the driver alot of leg room

fuel econ, autodim rearview mirror, power everything, warranty

Like the motor's pep, the Center Console, the stereo, the drink holder, and the AC.

This car has a brilliant heating and a/c unit works very well. Good on fuel handles well in warm weather.

Polymer exterior panels retain good looks & are tough. Love the center Instrument panel display. Excellent performance & gas mileage. Only car I'm aware of that has the extendable console arm-rest & it'll be hard to get along without when I trade this car. Great bang for the buck.

Ecotec engine, 30mpg average, sporty styling, centre dash, good highway power and ride. 

Center dash (love it), huge trunk, great mileage, good power with 2.4L engine.

Saturn does have a good warrantee program, which has thankfully covered all of the problems so far.

The interior is very nice, as well as the trunk space, and the OnStar.

Dent resistant body panels, engine is very peppy for a 4 cyl. yet still very fuel efficient.

OnStar

Fold down rear seats. I can fit a lot in the trunk with the seats down.

Very spacious, OnStar, hands free calling, trunk space. 

The dashbooard configuration. 

Gas mileage

Written by: 

Very comfy and responsive when driving

Love the automatic headlights and the warning systems. Never thought that I'd like the OnStar feature, but I do.

Center display is great for short people. Very quiet vehicle on the highway. Great highway mileage and lots of pep for a small car.

Quick pickup for freeway entrance and fuel efficiency

Ease of accessing the back seat. The no-hands phone, though too expensive for every-day use. At least calling should be free for life-threatening emergencies.

center gauge cluster,and the 60/40 rear folding seat.

Center instrument cluster.



Gas mileage, sporty design, dash controls in the center, comfortable seats

Ride comfort. 175 hp. Leather interior. OnStar with hands free calling. XM radio. Cornering & braking are very good. Unlocking is programable. Dent resistent panels. Power windows move up & down quickly. Sun roof has kick up position. Day time driving lights & auto headlights.

Center dash pod, CD player, center console armest/storage, the 2.2 Ecotec engine, the dent resistant door panels, the Storm Grey color, the roomy trunk and the front end styling

There's nothing I don't like about it.

Reliability, seats, OnStar, looks, and comfort. For a small car we can tow behind our motorhome we have not lost any class or comfort.

Quad coupe with the doors, and the features the car has, and the style, plus the body panels

Headroom & legroom, quiet & smooth ride. Solid body assembly (no squeeks or rattles). Plenty of power.

Quad doors, center console, 32mpg, no dent sides

Quad doors on the coupe, independent folding back seats. Great gas mileage.

The nice shape of the car, big trunk, and supercharger of course and depending on the features you get it has a good stereo and well lit gauges that are offset to the center of the dash.

Dent proof panels, multiple safety features for protection and in accidents. OnStar a must, and comes with hands free cell speaker, so I do all my calls through the OnStar, voices come out of the speakers, while the microphone picks up mine clearly. Lay down rear seats extended cargo area.

Love the dash board in the middle and it has good pick-up for a little car and its fun to drive

Plastic door panels that don't get dings or dents. I think every car should have this. 

OnStar, four door coupe.

Center speedo etc.. display console

Ride, handling, acceleration.

The supercharger spools up very quick and the seats are very comfortable.

Supercharger! Not the 1st thing people expect out of a Saturn with 12 LBS of boost and16 with stage 2. The recaro sport racing seats! They are so roomy and spacious! The short gear change and throw. Great daily driver. It has a big boot as well(trunk) Gotta love the limited slip and boost guage! I love it

Excellent pick-up for a non-turbo 4-cylinder engine. Large trunk for a compact sedan. Good fuel economy for a long commute to work, and of course the factory radio sounds great too.

Small, advertised great gas mileage. Saturn no hassle sales environment.

The ION turns on a dime and has enough giddy-up for anyone who needs a car within a $15,000 budget. Love the gauge placement in the middle of the dash!

Center dashboard, OnStar, large trunk, fold down back seat, bright dome light and comfortable seating w/height adjustment. 

Center mounted dash. Cargo space. Interior design, exterior design. Dent resistent side panels.

Quad doors, sunroof, and style.

The OnStar system. 2.2 litre engine and the smooth drive. The automatic light switch

The off set instrument panel is a nice feature, as well as the the five speed.

OnStar phone that really reaches out and touches someone. Mileage outstanding. Sporty feel and comfortable, roomy ride. Fold down front passenger seat makes it a tremendous commuter vehicle. I carried home some 8 foot 2x4s without them sticking out anywhere!

Cargo space, center mounted dash, the dent resistent/rust resistent panels. The responsiveness. The styling, the seats being adjustable according to height of the driver and not just moving back or forward (the fact they actually move up and down), the roominess

