SAFTEY

cool zone, lighted cup holders, a/c outlet

Fuel Economy in the city is amazing. I've used the built-in flashlight a few times camping. Beer fridge is cool too. Reliability.

all the extras inside the car

Body style, hatchback is roomy.Great interior space.Cool interior design.

The "PLASTIC" Rims?? Heck no! Had then replaced once already. I like the sunroof...wait scratch that. That was warranty fixed and hasn't been the same since. Maybe the speakers? Nope replaced also and still sounds scrathy. The only thing I like is the color. ORANGE.

Love the space in the cargo area-- great "garage sale" car. Seats are comfortable--my back doesn't get sore on those long trips. Really enjoyed the flip down speakers last month at our family reunion--played music all night!



stero 17 inch wheels nice seats lot of room gray / silver best of all gas miles

Sportiness, fun to drive, and great features(radio,chill box, lighted cup holders)



Keyless entry with fading interior lighting. CVT, and comfortable seating. The specialities, cup illumination, cellphone and beverage compartments, outlets etc. In my case my beige pebble interior matches the exterior khaki color nicely, in short all the amenities are rightly placed

CD/GPS system. Cooler. 400+ watt tailgate speaker and sub-woofer system

All the gadgets my dad got with it. Really, everything.

A cooler in the glove box? Awesome! (if the AC worked properly) The cup holders light up. The seats are comfortable and the gear shift is different. Aesthetically speaking, the car is fabulous

Exterior styling, car handles well.

Seats, transmission, roominess, ease of loading for groceries etc., handling and style. It is really a mini-SUV when you get the AWD. The leather interior is well done. It has the feel of a much more expensive car. Sirius radio is great. This will make a great car for my teenager in 3 years.

Character, handling/cornering ability. Simplicity and comfort.

I like the additional safety of the side air bags. I adore the split fold down rear seats, and flat storage space. What about the full size spare - awesome! 

Glove box cooler!! nice dash and cup holder lighting effects, roomy, fun to drive, very responsive, brakes are sharp and quick, did I mention fun to drive? Stereo is incredible and has an iPod/mp3 plug, freezing cold air conditioner, interior/exterior styling is just gorgeous! Great gas mileage!



The CVT and gas mileage. The radio is nice too. The look as well.

Exterior style, color in black, a head turner for sure! Inside is nice with red center of front seats to match deep red around the radio/cd. Roomy, nice ride until bad tire/alignment issues now, gas mileage is good for me. I love this car, don't get me wrong here. 



The CVT and gas mileage. The radio is nice too.

Awesome stereo!

The glove box cooler compartment. The split seat feature, and the quietness of the engine. 

DOHC 1.8 liter engine! The Ipod jack and stereo! Leg room. Engine sound! Acceleration!

I started my research on the Caliber about 2 months before my purchase to try an figure out what "world" engine meant. Basically "world" engine means that the motor was designed by Chrysler, Mercedes, Mitsubishi and Hyundai. They are going to build 1.8 million of these motors anually.

Comfort and handling are very good for a small car.

All the space! I love all the room this car gives me. I've moved in and out of a dorm with it. Seats are really comfy. All my passengers have said that they feel like they're in an SUV b/c of the higher seating platform. Gas mileage is good. It could always be better, but I usually get 32mpg.

Loved the illuminated cup holders, and the in dash command center. Liked the auto stick. Love the chrome trim level we had.

Cooler in the glove box. Music gate, and the ipod holder

Styling, Chill zone cooler, and handling

I-pod adapter.

Comfort and drive of the car. I feel like I am getting in an SUV. Smooth and enjoyable drive. Also the whole look of the outside. Interesting and one of a kind.

Heated seats are a bonus as is that CD player but beyond that...

The looks of the car just grab you. The chill box is nice and I find the music lift gate great for hanging out at the lake.

The high level seating 

The illuminated cup holders. The cooler is a nice add on too. Nice exterior and comfortable ride.

Variable timing engine. The heart of a vehicle is the drivetrain and this is state of the art. Interior space. It can actually haul real people and gear. Truck style seating with drivers side height adjustment, much better on the back. Styling, it turns heads. The entry level price. The ride





Exterior design. Sirius radio. Roominess. I'm over 6' tall and it is very comfortable to drive.

The stereo is my favorite features. A lot of sound without the bulky stereo. And the sunroof, it opens the vehicle! I just love this car! 

6 CD changer, Sunroof and would prefer XM over Sirius satellite, but it's included for the first year so I'll deal with it.

Stereo, this thing is amazing, with the setting only at half way the base vibrates through you body. The highs and lows are crystal clear. Yes issential seats - this works great as I was able to wipe coffee off no problem. 60/40 seats 

Glowing cup holders, and that the back seats both come down, or just the one seat. Back of front seats a hard material easy toclean 

The AWD works well. Lots of storage compartments. The cooler is nice, but is used for other junk more often than drinks.

Gorgeous, roomy, thrifty, fun accessories.

Satellite radio and the sunroof

I like the top glove compartment. And my most favorite, a built in cooler. No other car can beat the Dodge Caliber.

Styling is great. It's a station wagon for those want the utility but do not want stigma, nor the size of a SUV

Nice tires/wheels. Great steering. Unique dash set up (w/sport appearance) Comfortable on long trips

The heated seats and the exterior styling are probably my favorite features. 

Love my 2 toned seats (Gray w/Orange inserts), MusicGate sound system is amazing. Sirius satellite radio is a must as well. I also like the features in the Drivers Convenience group such as the mini trip computer, and tire pressure monitor. The iPod aux input is another a favorite feature.

Looks good.

The look, the ride, and the versatility. The chill box is pretty cool. It's still really cold in California right now so we will have to wait until summer to really check it out. That little flashlight in the back it pretty cool too. It could come in handy.

Glove compartment cooler, heated seats, inside styling, Sirius satellite radio.120V outlet, fold down seats.

I love the Sirius radio that you recieve with the car. And the flashlight is pretty amazing too. 

Color. AWD SUV style.

The speakers on the lift back that swing down when opened 

Exterior styling and unexpected attention.

Style,performance, standard features, added options, wife looks good in it. Easy to color cordinate with light kakki.



Mileage and the removable flashlight! 

My amazing all wheel drive, cargo space and turning radius.

Room for anything. Cooler in glove compartment is really nice in the summer. Music gate makes picnics a blast!

Gas mileage

Ice box

Reclining back seats for those with longer legs and the pop out cargo flashlight was a huge sell!

Style, price

Smooth 5 speed transmission and the look of the vehicle.

'nuff said

The head room and visibility out any of the windows, and mirrors

The comfortable seats. Love the position of the stick shift. The inferno red color. Love it.

The two-tone color scheme in the sport package and sunroof and the SUV"ish" look.

The ResistAll is a great feature considering I have two young kids.

Musigate sound system (aka known cause for mirror vibration), fuel mileage, comfort, reasonable price, great looks, incorperated recharging flashlight, lit cupholders, all storage places, 115v plug, mp3 line in on radio, versatile interior 2"x4"x8' lumber inside my car trunk closed!

Turbo 138bhp, unique look, great stereo system, heated leather seats and the safety features.

Music gate and upgraded speakers sound very good.

Front seats! Electric outlet. 

Style of the car. That it has a house outlet as well as a car outlet in it. No need to spend extra for that car charger. Use the one you use in the house

I like the outside style and good gas mileage.

6 CD changer boombox. Drop speaker. Color

Design, functionality





The outside of the car is the best. The roundness. It looks like a small SUV. It doesn't sit like a car. It feels as though it has you up like an SUV.

150 volt plug in on arm rest. Wheels. Interior as a whole.

Light cup holder, Sirius satellite, progammable garage door opener in roof

I really live the driver's seat adjustments that can be made. The comfort is really great.

The size of the interior. For such a small car you don't feel like you're crammed in the car if there are other passengers.

Full size spare tire and the regular outlet plug for a vacuum or hair dryer

Cooler, flashlight, lighted cup holders, heated leather seats. Sunroof, satellite radio, foglights, and 18 inch chrome wheels!

Split-fold rear seats. MP3 player jack (no MP3 CDs to mess with). Lower insurance costs. Side air bags. Better fuel efficiency, looks like a baby Durango! Easy for someone like me (a shortcake) to see out of. You want to talk about blind spots? See "Mustang." No problems with blind spots for me!

Plenty of storage space. Comfort on long drives. 

The styling, radio system with Sirius and mp3 port. Comfort, fold down seats. My pooch loves that. The information it gives me, i.e. avg mpg, tire pressure, radio station, direction driving towards, etc. Most everything about the car! 

All wheel drive. Ride height. Seating comfort. CVT transmission. Rugged looks. Sirius Satellite radio

Satellite radio. Black color. Easy access to change oil. 

My son is 6 feet and the Caliber is very roomy and comfortable. 

Adjustible front seats, and all the front storage.

The favorite feature for me was the cooling glove box. It kept our chocolates from melting and our beverages cool.

Radio, interior colors. Body of car.

The looks

The style of the body. 

UConnect is super cool, and the controls on the steering wheel are a great safety features. The 5 star airbag safety is wonderful! 

Sirius satellite radio. 18" rims. I tinted my windows so it makes it look good.

Gas Tank (Mileage), Comfort, Quiteness, illuminated drink holders, reclining back seats, mp3 holder and plug in jack, drink chiller glove box

Like the radio, its sound, and the tailgate radio. When traveling, keeping drinks cold in glove compartment. The power control that will cut all power features off automatically.

Love that the exterior color matches the interior of my seats! Sunburst orange! Love it! Love the stereo and cooler function! Love the style design and sporty look of the vehicle.

good on gas 

Fuel mileage-I routinely get 28-34 MPG depending on conditions. Interior room-I'm 6'4" and am very comfortable in both the front and back seats. Interior materials-I like the bright colors. I've never cared for "black" interior materials and the Caliber uses light colored materials.

Gas mileage and safety

Has enough power even on the highway, comfortable for a tall and big person to drive. Standard basis sound system is very good, I like the MP3 player plugin. Decent cargo room. Steering is crisp, handles well on bad roads. Quieter inside than I expected. Has solid feel for a small car.

Light up cup holders, cooler in glove box (what?!), height adjustment on front seat, great A/C, plenty of space to store business stuff up front where it's accessible, and the interior look. 

Easy entry/exit. Fold down rear seats for very large cargo hauling. Good fuel mileage. Beverage cooling compartment. Great looks. 

Body style looks cool.

interior and its standard!!!

Stereo, Ipod holder, folding passenger seat

Styling. Gas mileage. Insurance costs. Comfort.

Heated leather seats, folding seats (especially the front passenger seat), CVT - very smooth and quiet, sunroof, upgraded stereo, instrument cluster at night.

There are so many it's hard to pick just one. I love the hands free cellphone, the sunroof, and lately the heated seats.

Exterior styling is great. Tight turning radius. Fold flat rear and passenger seats. Good stereo with steering wheel controls, MP3 port. Good gas mileage.

Exterior looks. Versatile interior. Music Gate system. 6 in dash stereo system. Chill glove box. Rechargable cargo lamp. Fold down speakers and illuminated cup holders.

Power windows, power mirrors, air conditioning, reclining seats, rear window defroster, rear window wiper. Four doors, a hatch and tons of room for all my stuff. Plus the "fridge" and the Marine Blue.

CVT, no shifting noise. Cool zone. Hatchback. Doesn't feel or look like a small car. $18000 loaded.

Anti-glare mirror. Power sunroof. Heated seats.

My favorite features are the sound system, the cooler and the trunk space.

The color sunburst orange! The sunroof and removable domelight. The lighted cup holders and saftey air bags all around. 30 mpg! Plenty of room for kids toys and sports stuff,moving furniture, and shopping. It's fun to drive. Everything is easy to access and user friendly.



Definitely the cooler in the glove box. That is an awesome feature especially if you are going on a road trip. 

Styling. Hatchback. Lots of storage space. General design

Air bags. Color. Fuel mileage. Front seats. Illuminated cup holders. Leg room. Headlights 

The sound system is worth it. Sleek exterior and interior. Large cargo area. Great gas mileage.

I love the interior, the hatchback, and the overall appearance of my Caliber. The most favorite of all is driving it.

Stereo system and speakers. Controls on the steering wheel. Storage space, cool console. I also got the noise reducer and stain shield.

I love the optional sunroof that I had installed! In my opinion this is a must have feature and I highly recommend it to everyone if possible!

I love the uconnect and the fridge (as my daughter calls it)

The gas mileage! And the sporty style, inside and out!

My favorite feature is the smooth shifting. Then again, I'm not much of a lead foot anymore with the cost of gas.

Adjustable seat height. Airbag, safety features. Radio controls on steering wheel. MP3 holder (use it for my cell phone) Fold down seats 

Front end body of car, sharp to look at. Seats, and the dash cluster is awesome. Seats are contoured and sporty, great car to drive around and save gas too!

Accessibility while sitting in the front seat. The lighted cupholders, and the new technology that gives the car an incredibly smooth ride. The handling is great.

Average gas mileage, miles to go, tire pressure display. Gas mileage. Dash controls are easy to use.

The adjustable height on the drivers seat. Illuminated cup holders. Leather seats. Too many to list

The outlet it really comes in handy. And I have a baby so the cooler is useful also. I just love the car all the way around.

I love everything about it .

Stereo controls on steering wheel - how cool is that? It's so convenient...and my sunroof.

The inside design, with the full folding down seats to put large objects in the car.

Everything

My radio sounds great! The cooler in the glove box, well that speaks for itself!

Size of the car, inside and out.

I like sitting up a little higher. Great size. Hatchback and folding seats make for verstility.

Interior-CVT transmission, radio/CD, cruise control, AC is super, Chiller works great. On price, foreign vehicles can't compete. Sentry key system

CVT, lighted cup holders. Aggressive look. Smooth and quiet ride. It's almost Benz-like!

Music sounds good in this car. I like the blue lights in the cup holder and dash. There are two trip odometers, very cool.

The interior colors

The water cooler in the glove box is great it will keep anything you can fit in there cold for about 4 hours.

Where to start, the exterior is mean and masculine for a four door hatchback. Great smooth ride. The interior is very roomy with little things that you would find on a far more expensive car. My kids love the reclining rear seats and I like that you can configure door locks and such from the inside.

Aggressive styling, versatility, comfortable seats!

CVT transaxle "no shifting" sweet! 18" chrome wheels "who dosen't want them". The lumbar adjust!

Boston Acoustic stereo, guages

Fold down front seat. I love that you can not only fold down the back seats completley but also the front passenger seat.

Overall vehicle height. The quailiy of interior fit and finish. No visable plugs or screws etc. Interior standard fabric excellent.

MP3 Port, the look and lines of the car, the red color and 17inch wheels and rims a must for only $400 more as it make the car. The blue dash board lights and cup holder is awesome. The ride and handling is also great Gas mileage is great.

6 disc cd & mp3

The all wheel drive and CVT are seamless. I appreciate the smoothness of the drivetrain, again, it reminds me of European cars. Having driven the Land Rover Freelander and Subaru Forester, I can say that this AWD is on par with the Subie for smoothness and bests the Rover, hands down. 

All

I love the heated seats and flashlight in the rear. I also love the cooler in the glove compartment and the electrical outlet. 

Lighted cup holders, gas mileage, roomy!

CVT transmission, drink cooler, CD player/sound system, overall design, gauge layout, interior room.

I love the look of the model more than anything. It's so different that people stare. I have had tons of people come up to me and ask me about it. I like the attention. 

CVT took some getting used to but I love it. Rear seat recliners. U Connect hands free communications.

110 volt power outlet, leather seating straight from a luxury car, 9-speaker Boston Acoustics stereo with 6-disc. Fold flat front passenger seat for extra storage. We love when people look inside & are amazed that this is the Neon replacement. Gas mileage way above EPA estimates.

Msic gate and lighted cup holders, and chill zone.

Roominess and comfort of the seats. Low engine noise and smart gauges. 

Heated seats, Decent stereo, Plastic back deck, and the 17"rims. The car handles really well. 

Too many to list

My favorite feature of the Caliber is the dashboard and the armrest in between the driver and passenger. It is very easy to change gears, and the interior looks stunning at all times. The gages are very easy to read, and the ipod cradle comes in very handy when I'm driving. 

The color, Marine Blue Pearl, gets so may compliments. People walk up to me at the car wash and ask to look at the car. Very comfortable driver seat. Exterior design is great. The Interior holds 4 comfortably. I love the dashboard radio controls.

Look of the outside. That's it.

Input jack built into factory radio Chill-zone built in cooler CVT Trans.

See above. Also the radio has a jack so I can play my I-pod directly through the radio (no need to tune my radio). It also has a power outlet for AC, I can use my cell phone wall charger in the car.

Definitely the rear window wipers, also glow in the dark drink holders along with the cooler in the glove compartment. I also love the tough exterior look for a small car.

My favorite features are the light up cup holders. It's neat to acutally be able to see where you're setting your drinks.

The Boston Acoustic speakers along with Sirrus satellite radio. Very comfortable and roomy. Everything seems tight. Love the 18 inch tires and wheels.

Sirius, fold flat seats, chill zone.

Like the setup of the cruse control. Can be bumped up and down easily for freeway driving, much better than my 96 Dodge pickup. Leg room and seat adjustments are very nice. Gauges all read easily and computer is easy to adjust.

I love the space, the position of the gears (yes, most people hated this), lighted gages, 17 inch wheels, stylish look. I just have so much fun driving this car and comfortable to think I'd survive an accident compared to the Fit or Yaris. I love sitting off the ground!

The styling is very bold. I've owned the car for 2 weeks now and I'm still not sure if it's a wagon or an SUV. The cabin is very comfortable (If a little plasticy). The stereo sounds deep and resonate, and plays 6 CDs or MP3 discs (thats about 1100 songs) The CVT and Autostick. The AWD system.

Lighted cup holders (why didn't anyone think of that before??), reclining rear seats, cooler, large glove box, sporty appearance, cargo space, fuel economy, the sound system. 

Stereo, ipod holder fold down seats

Best feature= interior is very easy to clean! Smart airbag (kids can sit up front and airbag disables itself) Very roomy interior. Love the drivetrain= really smooth ride. Many extras available- air filter, steering wheel radio controls, factory remote start (no key left inside)& "MusicGate" rocks!

Console, color, gas mileage

The guages when lit up at night. Easy on the eyes and easy to read. I also like the MP3 port on the radio. I can connect my pocket PC to it and listen to songs while using my GPS on the pocket PC.

Interior features, front view, sporty appearance, cargo space, fuel economy

Sporty looks

9 Speakers in that thing? Whoa Nelly! Love all the fold down seats,tells me when I'm going to run out of gas,avg. mpg, and how much tire pressure I have. Great handling-Great car. And did I mention the 9 speakers!

Boston Acoustics System, gauges to tell me how many miles left to empty, Heated seats, Chrome everything, truck-like trunk, space, multiple available options, SUV-like drive and appearance, CVT Heck, I love it all!

The chill zone is good and this is the first car I've owned with a sun roof. I like the Sport Package with the color inserted seats , all around its just a fun car

The 17 inch aluminum wheels give the feel of riding higher like a truck. The leather seats are very comfortable even for a taller driver. Reclining rear seats accomodate taller rear seat riders well and the fuel mileage is a real plus. The 2.0 liter engine has plenty of power for this size car. 

The Boston Acoustics stereo! It rocks! I also like the styling of the car both interior and exterior. It has a sporty look to it alot of bells and whistles that I didn't have in my Fords!

Ease of driving and parking, also it's nice not to feel shifting.

All the standard features, comforable seats, cool design and 17" Tires

Lighted cup holders, reclining rear seats, cooler, large glove box.

The interior is really stylish. I love the white gauges both during the day and when they light up at night.

Overall the car runs good and is fun to drive. Moving from a v8 to the 4 cylinder was a change but we like the pick up on the highway when we need it but we will not be racing anyone off the line! I love the way the dash lights up at night it is very easy on the eyes. 

Phone holder, soft cover in back that is easy to clean. 

Lighted cup holders

Hatchback, fold down seats, plenty of head room.

Car design

First of all, the color is Sunburst Orange, so that's a good feature, but the overall look of the car is far more attractive than the Chevy HHR or the Chrysler PT Cruiser. I also like the fact that it has the side airbags and the airbag for the knees (or legs).

I like the looks of the inside. It's sporty

Roomy interior, flexible seating and hauling capabilities. Fun new options. Bright headlights, feels safe in dark parking lots.

My new Caliber has a sunroof, 6 disc changer in the dash and a cooler in the glove compartment.

The look, not cute, not brute. Those cool cup holders, adjustable arm rest and seat. Just the overall "feel" is great. Go for the 17" tires, way cool. Fog lights are nice as well. F/S air bags were big selling point for this one to us. If fun to drive have more points than 10, I go a 12!

Continuously variable transmission w/ Autostick, MusicGate sound system, fold flat seats.

I love the exterior look of the car and the roominess inside. With a husband and son both well over 6' tall, there is plenty of room for all of us to ride comfortably and carry our extra baggage in the back.

The funky look, the dash board, the cup holders when lit up and the wheels

 We love the chill zone in the glove box. It has very tight steering, and feels/looks very sporty. 



Not many!

I have to admit that from stylish look of the interior and exterior there was something good started here. Nice interior features. Some may be excessive (like the built in fridge) but overall its comfortable and nice...if you can get passed all the problems this car has.

Sound system

Exterior looks, gas mileage (26-27 in city; 30-33 highway). Creature comforts are a plus (drink cooler, lighted cup holders, power plug)

Exterior Styling, cargo space, folding passenger seat, great safety features, lighted cup holders, sound system, very quiet ride and very stable. LED cabin light/detatchable flashlight is handy.



The interior colored seats looks nice and the seats are OK for long trips.

Lighted cupholders, comfy seats, lift gate.

Side curtain airbags, cloth heated seats, roomy interior, and just the basic coolness factor. Love the front grill. Husband says this looks more masculine than the Vibe. So easy to drive and less road noise than with the Vibe. 

Smooth CVT transmission. Looks. Pep. Accurate speedo. Big stereo.

Price, AWD, ride and handling not like a an "econobox," exterior styling, fun autostick.

Sound System, ligted cup holders, versatility, wow factor from others.

I love the exterior and interior look. The lighted cup holders are surprisingly handy. Easy to flip seats up and down. Plenty of space inside. 

ABS and side airbags standard with CVT tranny - other nice family friendly features throughout.

Lighted cup holders, additional storage cubby in back of vehicle, additonal glove box storage. The exterior design is awesome. Seating is just like my old SUV (which is great for people who can't sit low due to medical conditions like myself)

Lighted cup holder, CVT feature, Sirius radio, chrome on the body , cooler in glove box and the blue inserts on dash and seats.

CVT w/ autostick, AWD that works, cargo deck, MP3 plug (crystal clear), ac outlet, interior quality (amazing for the price), appearance.

Quick pick up, quiet ride, easy access to dash features. Love the placement of the gear shift.

Bang for the buck, Power, cargo hauling hatch, fuel mileage, drink cooler, ports for all the latest gadgets, Sirius radio, side curtain air bags, 2.0 ltr. engine, could they really have thought of anything else???

Well laid out dash. All the storage areas and dash cooler. Fold flat seats for hauling. 

Cooler in the glovebox, Aux jack, hatchback, 17" wheels, side and underdash airbags, gas mileage.

Engine with plenty of pep, also like the light around the coffee holders.

We really like the body style and the mileage

The CVT! The flashlight built into the rear dome light, the beverage cooler, the lit cup-holders (great at night!), and the MP3 holder.

The various unique features that make it great for chasing... The cooler, flashlight, cell phone holder, aux jack, etc.

Styling inside and out. Lot of "bang" for your buck.

Space inside, hatch, cooler, sleek exterior! PRICE!!

Ipod connection with holder and electrical outlet. Also has a "chill" zone for 4 twenty ounce drinks above the lower glove box.

Gas mileage

This car drives great and I love the look of the body. 

AWD is great in the snow unless wet and heavy, then it gets packed in the wheels. Have to stop and clean them out. CVT is OK with a 4cyl, wouldn't want it on anything bigger. Heated seats are always a good option. This is not by any means an exceptional car.

Only the looks.

Autostick (Automanual) shifter. Steering wheel mounted radio controls. 2.4 engine. Stock 18" wheels, perf. tires + susp. 4-wheel disc brakes Driver Info ctr., esp. Tire Pressure Display Leather pkg. 6-disc CD MusicGate dropdown tailgate speakers "chillzone" cooler. Storage. Cool blue lighted cupholders

Purchased car with all mopar upgrades. Cold air intake, catback exhaust, sway bar, even got 20inch rims. Looks very stylish with upgrades especially with dual exhaust and rims but all that means nothing if you can't drive it. 



The seating comfort and ride performance are above expectation for the price. The price of a Matrix over the Caliber Sport was 2,400 more and my car would bring the same price on the used market as the Matrix.

Exterior

Stereo, cooler, seats, headlights

I have no favorite feature now that I have owned it for for a while! Maybe its a "good" vehicle for the class of car it is!



Styling and handling.

Roomy, power outlet, decent stereo.

Comfort and ease of driving, fairly good gas mileage

Seats are comfortable & easy to adjust, sound system is excellent, large glove compartment with 3 separate compartments, and lots of pep when driving. 



Hmmm, that's going to require a lot more thought. Looks maybe, since comfort and dependability are out.



absolutely nothing



Detail of design, reliability, features, chillzone, sharp headlights, illuminated cup holders, smooth form, large tires, good construction, CVT is smooth, 2.0 engine delivers approx. 150 horsepower

Comfortable seats. Fun factor. This car is fun to drive. 

AVOID THIS CAR! The Caliber replaced the Dodge Neon. That should tell you something. As a comparison the Ford Mustang gets better gas mileage. My rental is a Mazda 3. I love it and wish that i had bought a Mazda. I will never buy another Dodge. People warned me, but I didn't listen!

Airbags, lighted cup holders and large cargo area

none

I love how stable it is and how you can use the built in cooler for drinks and the AUX jack for playing you ipod

Getting rid of this Dodge product.

front seats and cool zone

Exterior looks, low cost, fun to drive. Safety rating.

ChillZone, seat comfort, stereo system is awesome!!! Everything is well within reach and there's plenty of storage for my "stuff".

AWD and how it looks, and that's it! It is good in the snow, but now Im afraid something else will break on it and Chrysler wont stand behind their vehicle!!!

The Boston acoustics system rocks however the musicgate speakers are more SHOW than GO! 

Styling. Tilt rear seats.

MP3 jack, pretty nice ride for a 13k car

Gas Mileage, Sound system, good looks, seating position



Heated seats when they worked.

Basic Sound System sounds way better, chillzone, sliding arm rest, 17 inches rim, flashlight, all plastic = clean car, great storage spaces, light in cup holders, Pimped as standard!

Exterior looks..mpg's...cup holders..perfect for golf clubs in back..

MPG, fun to drive, look and feel

Very comfortable seats and driving position. Great performance in snow. Very predictable handling

I love the glove box cooler, the ipod holder, aux jack on the radio, removable flash light in the back, lighted cup holders, drivers convience package and gas mileage

Appearance is eyecatching. Hands-free phone in the radio is great but no privacy with passengers and no Ipod hook-up. Heated, adjustable seats are very comfortable. Boston sound system and Sirrius radio are great.

Aux jack, lots of windows, fold flat seat, cooler in glove box, and I like the simple interior. Plus my cup holders glow so I can find them 

The sound system! Very smooth ride for a smaller car, smooth engine, chilled glove box, 110v outlet for cell phone charging, etc. Nice looks, and looks and feels more like an SUV. Lifetime Powertrain Warranty (to original purchaser only) is a big plus.

I do like the gas mileage, ride comfort, quietness of the cabin and styling. The ipod holder is cool and so is the uconnect hands free phone. I love the Sirius satellite radio. Great driver's seat (leather & heated) and nice power sunroof. Awesome 9 speaker (w/sub) stereo. Good mid rpm range power.

Color,(sunburst orange), ride, quiet shift, safety features.

Fold-down front seat.

Everything check for the boom box in the rear. Great for what you would like to do

Size, mileage, comfort in back seats, performance for three seasons, and leather 

Air-conditioner and heat

Transmission is extremely smooth. Very responsive steering, easy on tires.

Interior space, AWD, Sat radio/Nav. CVT. Ground clearance.

Comfort, roominess with back seats folded down. Satellite radio, controls on steering wheel and drivers controls are a plus. Style-turns a lot of heads. Get the Black with grey & red interior. Really sharp. Lighted cup holders pretty cool. 18inch wheels, great rims. Overall a very sharp looking car.

I like the CVT transmission and the well-lighted interior displays.

I would say Ipod holder. Cupholders and glovebox refridgeration used it in the summer it works but only when ac is on. Once at a good speed has no problem keeps up on the Autobahn.

Stereo system..it's excellent! Styling, both interior and exterior Value, a lot of features for the price

Bevereage cooler in the dash!

Nice body style, decent room, very nice transmission.

