Cargo room is good. Car is spacious and comfortable.

Great appearance and smooth ride.

Comfortable, great interior/exterior design.

Seats six 

Cargo area, power lift gate, backup sensors, bose stereo, XM, exterior design, sporty dual exhaust outlets.

Ride, quiet, small turning radius a great feature, high safety rating, Value - present trade in value is higher than the used price we paid 1 yr. ago. 

rides nice

The design and room, my whole family of 6 can fit along with others. 

interior is great, flexible, and comfortable.

Front moonroof with retractable screen, rear sunroof, backup assistance, iPod Aux, Nav system, comfortable seats/heaters, automatic rear door, easy fold-down seats, LOTS of room for hauling, luggage, and people, flexible seating / easy adjusting, love the style/look, luxurious smooth/quiet ride.

Folding seats, remote start, smart-slide second row. 

Grandkids love the DVD, I love the White Diamond and Brick color combo. I really like the way it handles, good steering feel and the suspension is tight enough that it doesn't float on the shocks, good road feel but rides great and very, very quiet inside

Very quiet and smooth ride.

HID headlights, double sunroofs, LED taillights, second-row captain chairs, roomy, brick red leather interior, surround sound system, XM radio, onstar, and a lot more.

The flexibility in seating and cargo carrying. Allows for a family trip and hauling things when needed.

Quality in design, quality in assembly, quality in the ride. Quality in the engineering. Quality in the electronics. Quality in the seating. Quality in the quantity of people who stop me on the street and ask to look at my Acadia.

Sunroof, Skyscape, XM radio, DVD player, leather seats, power tailgate, remote start, automatic headlights. Allover look and feel of the car. Panel lights at night are RED, very cool, almost looks like a airplane cockpit! 10 Bose speakers. Wireless headphones for the DVD player. Power outlet.

Remote start, On-Star Link/nav, Heads-up display, rear/back-up assist, skyscape window, accessibility to rear seats, dual climate controls, manual sporty gear shifting option, memory seats, electronic liftgate, lotsa exterior chrome, interior aluminum accents, storage. 

Exterior, steering wheel controls, heated seats, remote start, xm radio, 2nd row DVD controls with power outlet to plug in video games for kids to play.

Heads up display and OnStar service

Easy seat configuration. XM radio, navigation, turning radius, handling.

Room, power liftgate, and the general appearance of the vehicle

Second row captain's seats, folding in side mirrors, double sky lights, improved OnStar, navigation system (mostly), remote start, auto hatch closing, deep center colsole for storage, DVD player, overall sound system, 3 month free trial of XM radio.

Heads up display, XM, OnStar

Headsup display, storage, small light that illuminates the center console at night, rear captain chairs

Styling, inside and out. Not so huge on the outside, and perfect space inside.

Visiblity, OnStar, interior appointments, high utility value. Cavernous cargo space, seating for 7 with the middle captain's chairs

Remote start, auto liftgate, sliding middle seats, OnStar, HVAC system, driver information center

Interior lighting. Stereo, skyscape.

Easy access to third row seating. Second row slides back an additional 4 inches for adult sized legroom. All the advantages of the minivan without feeling like I'm driving a minivan. 21 mpg all around with AWD. 

I love the gas mileage, leg room in all 3 rows, cloth seats are a durable/wipeable material, compartments everywhere, sleek design, great handling, smooth ride, mp3 connection and truck space. 

The driver's seat and mirror positions can be preset for 2 drivers. The DVD player comes with noise cancelling headphones. The rear parking assist warns you when you get too close to another object backing up. The remote lift gate is also a wonderful feature. 

The 2007 Acadia keeps you slightly above the crowd so you see and plan ahead. It is not a truck, but you see better than a regular sedan. The Head Up display is an excellent feature showing speed and outdoor temperature.

OnStar, DVD, sunroof, folding 2nd row chairs, AWD, look of dash

Interior trim, smart-slide second row seats, heads-up display, XM satellite radio, OnStar, electronic stability control, AWD, gorgeous wheels

Cargo area, 8 pass seating that seats my entire grown family for the special family dinners out. (I have second row bench seat)

Handled well in the rain, good visability in the front windshield.

Ride, quietness

I love the seats in the front and the 3rd row 



Interior seat configuration. Exterior styling. HUD. Extremely quiet, say goodbye to road noise.

Love the outside appearence and the inside is wonderfully spacious.

Park assist and navigation.

OnStar, navigation, comfort, seat firmness

My favorites are the rear parking assist, and my chidren's favorite is the DVD player.

Overall comfort of the driving experience and the amount of storage and flexibility. The underfloor storage is a great innovation. Heads-up display is great

Heated seats, HUD, AWD, power tailgate, HID headlights

Wide stance and wheelbase support an excellent ride. Handling is excellent. Heads up display is an valuable aid for the driver. The fit and finish is outstanding and substantially eliminates any road noise.

I very much like the vehicle handling and quietness.

The exterior look turns heads. It does not look like a GMC. The DVD rear entertainment and dual sunroofs are a big hit with our kids. Very easy to get in/out of even for a six footer. 19 inch wheels look much better than the standard 18's.

Exterior styling looks great, as does interior! Huge interior simular to minivan, sliding captain's chairs offer lots of leg room, console storage, head rests that you can actually rest your head on. Effortless steering and feel for such a large vehicle.

Heads up display 

Interior, cup holders, sunroofs, handling, exterior design

Bose sound system. GPS Power lift gate. Heads up display. General look and feel of interior

Comfortable seats, quiet interior, dark carpeting with light seating surface, kid access with middle row buckets, interior room even with 3rd row up

Manual shift. Bose speakers. Console storage. Power lift gate. Easy to use DIC.

Brick interior color, sunroof, heads up display, ipod connector, engine power and MPG, and interior fit and finish. This car can tow unlike a Pilot, Highlander, or CX-7. The dash backlighting is very high end unlike most GM vehicles. 

AWD, leather heated seats, cargo space. The huge windshiled wipers. Styling and handling. Back up sensor, side curtain airbags. Rear audio and temp control

Fold flat split 3rd row. With second and 3rd row folded flat, I can place a 4 X 8 plywood inside. Heated leather seats. remote start. OnStar. Nav. DVD player for kids.

Smooth ride, comfortable seats. OnStar. Excellent quality. The cabin is quiet. Mileage is super. Electric hatch.

Sound system is awesome! Kids love the SkyScape roof. Love the Heads-Up display. Tons of features to customize just the way you want them! Great handling. Comfortable seating in the 3rd row even for adults.

Sunroof, roomy, hud, styling, lot of options.

My favorite feature is the size of the vehicle. It is spacious! I have the captain chairs and they fold beautifully to allow access to the rear bench seat.

Roomy, easy to get in and out, decent mileage. Although many cars have this, the remote start and memory seats are very nice. Don't know how I lived without it.

Love the cars handling and roomy well put together interior.

Styling, room, comfort, towing capacity, great DVD player.

OnStar. Rear audio and climate control. Sunroof.

Exterior appearance, car like ride, cargo/people hauler capabilities. Remote start, XM radio. Park assist and even if a bit pricey, a feel good vehicle to own and drive. Great job GM

It?s also the quietest vehicle I?ve driven in years. It?s so quiet that you can?t hear the engine shifting gears unless you mash the accelerator. I love the design of the vehicle both inside and out.

Most of the vehicle is really nice. Except for the warnings that don't appear on the DIC. Like LOW GAS, Engine over heat, and similar warnings that only appear if you have the extra cost DIC control panel. 

Everything electronic! Outside mirrors tilt down for reverse. Heads up Display is unique. Sound system by Bose is incredible. 

Sunroof, 3rd row, smooth ride and quiet, tons of room, heads-up display, power lift gate, just plan fun.

My family talked me into the 19" wheels, and now I am very happy I got them. The dual sunroofs make the ride very open.

Styling, standard features, overall value, interior quality of materials, navigation system, safety features, seat comfort, remote start; loaded vehicle for many thoiusands less than any competition!



Overall design - meets every need my family has for a minivan; fits my and my wife's need not to drive a minivan; looks solid like a truck; drives like a car. Also a nod to the power rear liftgate - never really gave it much of a thought before, but it came in on my first trip to Home Depot.

Heads up display is great! Nav system and XM are really nice to have too. Backup sensors are smart. Bonus: powered lift gate - didn't think I'd want that but it is pretty nice.



Powerful engine, dual sunroof, DVD entertainment system, gorgeous body style.

Little ceiling light that illuminates the brushed metallic center console. 

Navigation rocks. DVD can be watched in rear and on navi screen so the passenger doesn't get the shaft on this one. 19" wheels, quiet ride. Bose system is concert-like. Automatic lift gate. Smooth transmission, 100k warranty on powertrain. Remote start for those extreme 'bama summers....perfect

An unexpected special touch was the inclusion of gloves in the spare tire compartment to help protect folks changing tires! How thoughtful! NAV System. OnStar. Verizon integration with OnStar. Interior space and layout

Stereo where you can preprogram faves from am/fm/xm all together. Nice drive. 

Remote start. Room especially in third row. No other car in this class compares. Car like feel when driving. Saftey features. Very little road and engine noise and Captain's Chair. 

Directions downloaded on to the OnStar system. Heads up display is great!

Performance yet excellent gas mileage. Standard safety features such as front/side impact airbags along with rollover curtain and stability control. 3rd row seat operation and amount of legroom for 2nd row split bench passengers. Craftsmanship is excellent and you can tell GMC has thought this out



Agile handling, smooth riding, dual oversized sunroofs, HUD, interior quality (as good as Japanese and European luxury cars) and roomy 3rd row seat.

DVD system, dual sunroofs, interior trim accents, exterior styling.

The 'captains' seats makes sitting in the backseat enjoyable - even for tall/big guys [like me...] The front passenger area though is what we like best - very comforatbale - lots of room - and even with a full load we got 20 mpg on our first trip [I hope we attain closer to 24mpg on regular trips]

Dual moonroof, carbon metallic paint, 19 inch wheels, nav system, auto tilt in mirrors, interior design, folding 2nd row.

Navigation system is incredibile. It is a must have. Also OnStar and XM radio are awesome features to have. Interior and exterior body design is also excellent. 

Smoothness of ride. No wind noises. Very quiet interior. Love the instrument panel of layout. Material quality. Fuel economy as advertised. Practicality of vehicle. The feel of luxury. The look of the car. The engineering of it! I just love it!

5 yr / 100k mile powertrain warranty, expected mileage (18/26 for FWD models), Tri-zone air, remote start, power liftgate, mem and heated seats, rear audio (separate from head unit using headphones), dual row capt chairs, 3rd row access, storage. 

Middle bucket seats. Lots of storage. Seats fold down easily. Automatic rear door - and Auto Start too. Love the heads up feature, two moon roofs and handsfree phone! This is a fun car to drive!

Powerful refined engine. Very comfortable leather seats. Good looking exterior and interior. Fold flat 2nd row for easy access to 3rd row. Dual sun roof and DVD system. 19" wheels give it an agile ride. Very quiet (no road or wind noise).

Everything about this vehicle is great.

Power tailgate, engine, and fuel economy



Bucket seats. Children are older ,coming from surburban. Roomy. The design, gas mileage good so far. The outside uses chrome and bigger tires. The dash uses red light. They thought of everything. Cup holders everywhere. Happy to downsize and airbags just like Honda.

We like the 19" wheels and the overall look and feel of the Acadia. Interior head and leg room are excellent. Exterior is sharp!The duel sun roofs really give it an open feeling. It's not a minivan!

Doesn't look like a minivan but has identical functionality and then some, aside from slightly less space behind the third row -- but not by much, they have put a lot of space behind the third row in this crossover. 

Engine and fuel economy.



Styling and utility. Definitely a sharp looking vehicle that handles quite well on the road. The kids like the DVD entertainment system. Rear seat leg room and comfort was actually superior to the Yukon and Tahoe.

head up display

Interior design

Interior rear view mirror with auto- dimmer (great at night). Heads-up display (makes driving more like a jet fighter experience). Monster 18" rims (no minivans have that). Cup holders everywhere, & a perfectly designed dash and center console. I could live in this car. No regrets.

My leather seats. Steering wheel audio controls. 6 CD changer.

Steering controls, and the Bose sound system.

The ride, the looks, and the interior comfort are wonderful. Gas mileage could be worse. 

Heads-up display, sound system, 4 captains chairs, collapsing rear captains chairs to allow easy access to third row, power liftgate, sliding armrest in center console.

Comfortable ride and driving



Smooth, quiet, sporty look, space, on-deck information center. After long driving Japanese cars due to unreliable American cars in 80-90's, if my Acadia is realiable for the next 5 years, then I definitely drive American from now.

Curb appeal, handling, dash board design, room for kids. I have five kids, so the ease of getting in and out of 3rd row is great. There's just not enough space remaining to list everything I love!

Great riding and handling for it's size. Terrific sound package. Nice interior design also. I get lots of compements on it's looks as well.

Safety! Air bags and all the extras.

Exterior styling, captain's chairs, power liftgate, smartslide chair system, third row seat that's actually comfortable and usable for adults! Interior room.

The look, the space, the features-- OnStar, XM radio, the entertainment package and tow hitch.



I like the red interior colors that light up at nite all over the panel. Also the radio and cd music touch buttons on the steering wheel, very convient for driving. Heated seats, remote start and all the extra room where everyone will be comfortable. 

2nd row captain's chairs, roominess, exterior design

Handles like a car, space like a mini van.Good front and side visibility, poor to the rear. Overall, very satisfied with the vehicle.

Comfort. Appearance. Roomy and good gas mileage. 

The exterior looks good and love the OnStar.

Very easy to get in & out with 2nd row captains chairs. Good Nav unit, seems to be well built. Love the trunk space with or without putting 3rd row seats down.

Handling on wet/ice covered/snow packed roads. First, second and third seats very comfortable for a 250 lb person. The auto rear hatch allowing you to walk up and put bags in back. Very happy with performance. Excellent braking, quality build 

Sunroofs, console features, Seats are comfortable for trips less than 2 hours! Overall size of the SUV is great! MPG is around 21 to 22, not to bad! Good overall SUV!

Steering wheel controls, auto lift gate. Second row bucket seats, gadgets/gauges. I basically love every feature of this car! 

Heated washer fluid, rear backup sensors, OnStar is a must and of course heated seats. So, many options on this car. 

Drives like a much smaller car, DVD, satellite radio and OnStar, iPod connections (even the Mercedes had this optional...it's standard here), very roomy and easy for tall people to get in and out of, even in the back seats! Can't wait for a long trip in this one!

Heads-up display. Skylight. OnStar. Folding side-view mirrors. Power-lift gate. Remote start. Auto a/c controls. Real outlet. Easy fold/slide seats. Center console "night light". Many airbags that hopefully we'll never need.

I love the look and the way it handles for a fairly big car. Quality of feel is much nicer compared to the Saturn outlook, it feels like luxury.

Plenty of room for the kids. Love the heated seats. Nice stereo system. Easy to park and fun to drive. 

The comfortable ride and all the little storage places and cup holders. The gas mileage for such a nice vehicle is not bad.

Body style and roominess

Air bags all over for safety. Navigation system is nice to have. OnStar is my absolute favorite part of any GM product.

The look

Our grandaughter loves the dual DVD feature.

Great Bose sound system, fuel economy

Styling, roomy.

Room and mileage

This may sound minor but GM placed a very small pinpoint light which shines down on the area containing shift lever, cup holders and storage area. A small feature that makes it very easy to find coffee cups, or stuff stored in the console area during night driving.

Too many to describe and to just pick out one.

Everything

The heads-up display, power lift gate, LED brake lights, and HID headlights are by far my favorite features. The Bose stereo sounds simply amazing, and the MP3 input is great for traveling. The dual sunroofs (while problematic) really open up the interior, and are very nice on sunny days.

Interior & exterior styling. Size & seating arrangements.

Heads up display, OnStar, and the Bose radio system with the CD

Only like the design and the back seats that slide back and the park assist and controlled temperature

Intelligent AWD and variable steering, onboard navigation, truly comfortable seats, and back-up warning system.

Controls at my fingertips for audio, cruise, lights, and wipers.

Where to start 1) the smart slide seeating system for the easy access to the third row seating for the boy's 2) power and fuel mileage of the v6. 3) comfort and handling of the vehicle with traction control

Suspension system (driving comfort), many useful control features. Driver feels like sitting in airplane cockpit.

Remote start is a must for anyone with kids. Great in the hot summer or cold winter.

Great looking car that rides excellently and is fun to drive

Flexibility of cargo space. Ease of driving, the memory of the drivers seat. The regular plug in.

Heads up display, colapsable seats, gas mileage, XM radio

Comfort of the vehicle, satellite radio. Size, smoothness of ride.

Heads up display, sun roof, OnStar, storage capacity in driver/passenger area, AWD.

Turn by turn navigation.

I especially enjoy the interior configuration options as I previously owned an SUV. Dashboard is modern and functional.

I like it in general. Lots of cupholders for all 3 rows, AC controller for the 2nd row, lots of storage space. Remote start, electronic seat adjuster.

The ride and the way it handles. Love the Nav system. Dual sun roofs are excellent. 8 passenger seating is excellent, good quality on the seats, love the heated washer fluid. The cruise control is extremely precise and easy to use on a long tripe. Smart slide seats, great leg room in third row.

Love the body style and the color! 

Power lift gate, easy fold down seats, ease of use of the nav system. Amount of room is amazing

Appearance, cargo capacity, ride.

The exterior design is beautiful! And since owning one a real eye catcher, I have more people come up to me in parking lots to look inside and ask questions., (I wish on those occasions I was a car dealer) The interior is unreal! The layout and design is very, very roomy and comfortable

Driving comfort, the looks of the vehicle, and it takes curves really well.

It's all good. The range of options and their design is the best. My grandchildren think it's the coolest car they've ridden in.

I love the interior.....for my 5 kids it's perfect. It's like having a minivan, but when the kids are in school, I'm not stuck driving around in a minivan!

HUD...I wish it always worked.

Looks great inside and out. Love the airbags. Love that the 2nd and 3rd row seats fold completely flat. Love the Bose surround sound, especially when watching a movie. Navigation System is so convenient. Already used OnStar to unlock, accidentally locked kids in, OnStar unlocked in seconds. 

I love all the features!

The feature of limiting the transmission to an intermediate gear in the low range. The remote start is great for starting AC when approaching vehicle in hot weather. 

Folding outside mirrors allow for avoiding close mirrors of other vehicles.Second row capt's chairs. Multiband radio AM FM XM .

Man! Try to get all these in another car for the price: Heads-up display, XM, Power Folding Mirrors, DVD player, Nav system, Dual moon roofs, quad captain's chairs, AC outlet, Tire pressure monitoring system, heated seats & mirrors, heated window washer fluid (good in CO).

The overall design, 19" tires, Navigation System, rear DVD player for the grandkids, On-Star, the sun roof, the seating, the ease at which the 3rd row folds down, and the Heads-up display. 

Ride, comfort, features, value

Dual sunroof, third row seats that lay flush when hauling bulky items, and turn-by-turn navigation through OnStar

Heads-up display, sound system, dual sunroofs, power liftgate, storage, and comfort.

Power tailgate, navigation system, ride and handling.

Heads up display is so cool, Nav system is too. Also, being able to watch the DVD on the nav system when in park. Remote engine start is a fun feature as is the power lift gate. The dual sun roof concept is great and the sunshades filter just right amount of light. We're hooked on XM too

