Sliding rear seat, looks, towing, ride!

Get up and go. Comfortably seats 5 people. My son is 6'1 - 6'2. He has plenty of head room and leg room in the front as well as in the back.

Looks and giddyup. Adjustable back bench seat.



Handling and performance. Price and available options.



The Carbon Color and outside exterior.

The remote start. And the comfy seats. 

Lots of room. Sporty style and sharp on the front. 

Lots of room, back seats move back and fourth, A lot of cargo room with seats down fit about 30 cases of beer and still had a lot of power.

Steering wheel controls (radio and cruise control, sunroof, spacious (and I am 5'9) spacious cargo, heated seats, remote start (on that cold winter morning), good gas mileage.

Lots of room and sharp looking ride.

The car is great except for the engine and GM's refusal to admit that excessive oil usage is a defect.

We sprung for the Navigation system and have no regrets. I also jumped for 17" Chrome Wheels and added GM Accessory Chrome Door Handles.

The Leg space is awesome. I don't have to deal with my baby kicking the back of the driver seat. Cargo area is big too. Interior really nice design

Sliding rear seat, sporty handling and excellent performing 5 speed automatic. I also love the DIC (drive info center) and the aux input jack for my i-Pod.

Sound system, ride, handling, gas mileage.

The first American car I?ve owned in many years and so far have been pleasantly surprised. Take this as a complement, this doesn?t ?feel? like an American car.Too many to list- remote start, heated leather seats, overall look and feel of the interior, I love the looks of this SUV!

Acceleration. Bumper assembly in more than one piece. Color is cool (blue). 

I like the heated leather seats, the remote start, the leg room (especially in the back seat) and the cargo room when you lay the seats down. I thought I wouldn't like the red display, but I found I really like it. Just another feature to make the Torrent different.

I really like the sporty look.

Shape design and trims are great

Driver comfort, pretty good handling, like the exterior appearance better than the Equinox.

Five-star safety rating for front and side, smooth ride and good handling, stylish and classy, sunroof, 3 months free XM radio, free year of OnStar.

Lots of leg room - I'm 6'4" and fit in the front and back seats nicely! XM Radio/6 Disk MP3 player, sunroof, heated seats, too many cool features to type!

Exterior and interior. Very nicely designed. 

Layout and flexiblity of interior, room. The 5 speed transmission is excellent.

Options! OnStar, XM radio, 6 disc CD player, heated/leather seats, driver control/information panel, great styling. Decent mileage, good turning radius.

Great body style and easy to clean front and rear bumbers and the XM radio itself are worth the ride! 17" aluminum wheels are a must to create a higher lift which looks great on the move. Leather seating has very good feel and fit. Remote start feature is nice touch. White w/graphite leather, nice!

Looks, Funcionality, Ipod jack, layout of dash, smoothness of ride, plenty of back-seat room.

Stereo system, AWD system, off road capability.

The exterior styling, the ride, the quietness. It is fantastic.

Remote start, sunroof, premium speaker system, driver information center, keyless entry, six disc in-dash CD player. Stabilitrak and traction control, passenger sensing airbag.

Handles well and has a nice firm ride. It has good headroom and legroom. It has good roomy cargo space. Seats adjust well but driver tilt should have been powered and the passenger seat should have been powered. It has a good clean nice sounding radio (we have the deluxe Pioneer XM ready).

The sliding rear seat is great. It slides to give more passenger room or more cargo space. It is so easy to load a car seat in and out of. The rear seats and the front passenger seat also fold down so you can fit full-sized 2x4s in it with the gate closed.

The exterior simplicity along with the functionality of the new interior stack are very appealing. The handling is great and I love driving it. 

Smooth ride. Has already been through 2 major snowstorms and gone through unplowed streets very well. Radio controls and cruise control on the steering wheel. Auto-dimming rear view mirror.

body style

I like the solid, quietness of the vehicle. The preferred package adds the extras I wanted. I also have the sun and sound package. When open, the sunroof is quiet and the Pioneer Sound System is excellent. New 4 wheel disc brakes are very good.

styling, handling (even on icy roads) smooth ride

the whole suv is a super nice ride we feel real good driving in it because everyone else is driving one that cost 5,000 to 20,000 more then what i paid

Nav system and controls are all very user friendly. Good brakes, comfortable ride, heated seats, stability control.

Comfort, quiet ride, (no squeaks or rattles) Smooth engine, all you hear is a pleasant exaust note when accelerating.

Great Crash ratings XM radio Turn by Turn Onstar Navigation Sharp exterior styling, not many on the road

XM Radio/Sound systems is great, a/c cools off quickly, rear cargo system works great.

Just the Styling of this car in Pontiac I like the way the rear seat slides forward and aft and has alittle recline to it as well. And the horse power of this SUV is just enough to get the job done.

