Good room in the car and love the stereo. Rides fairly well for a little car.

color, style, handling, hands on controls at your fingertips, bluetooth (even thought she is hard to understand sometimes),size and comfort.

I LOVED all the toys in this car, especially the Bluetooth and keyless ignition - no digging in my purse for cell phone or keys! The Rockford stereo system was excellent and I loved the 6 CD changer. When this car wasn't moving, it was easily the most comfortable and "fun" car I've ever owned.

Blue tooth. CVT. High viewing position compared to other vehicles. Very comfortable. Especially so on the long haul. Average CITY MPG's are 25-26 and Interstate is 30-34.

Comfy, I like the blue took and the car exterior is sharp looking

I love the radio controls on the wheel. Also that the window controls light up at night. The keyless entry and keyless start are great.

The cruise control

The Exterior Shape. It is so cute. The Interior is ok, but it is nice also. The car is very comfortable for the driver to see the road in front of him. My favorite have to be the overall look from the outside because it is classy. 

On board computer, sound system that works for me, mileage, performance that is surprising for a little car, positive comments I get on the car, inside and out, completely reliable at nearly two years, no issues, great driving in the snow, comfortable over long distances, feels like a nicer ride.

Love the Bluetooth, the CVT pep and speed. The hidden trunk compartment is great for my purse if needed. Great gas mileage.....

Space and comfort. Gas mileage.

Design, gas mileage, seat comfort, bluetooth, and a 6-speed manual gearbox.

Exterior design, interior set up, tons of room, lowered track tuned suspension, quick shifting 6 spd tranny.

Exterior appearance, 6 speed manual, attractive interior.

Keyless start/entry, no shiftshock, smooth ride, audio input in dash, lots of room, comfortable seats

Blue tooth , keyless entry and ignition.

All the storage compartments, the cute exterior styling, the adjustable cupholders, the standard airbags, and suprisingly huge trunk!

Intelligent key system, HUGE trunk, comfortable seating positions and great field of view from the driver's seat.

Intelligent Key, CVT (SMOOOOTH)

BlueTooth, Intelligent Key, Towability on a tow dolly behind a motor home.

Exterior and interior design, keyless entry, interior space, comfortable

The extra large glove compartment,the hide and divide trunk, the extra cup holders, leather seats, moonroof

The chunky body style, sound system and all of the safety features that come standard -- dual airbags, side airbags and ABS (which is an extra option for the standard 2.0).

Bluetooth, Drive, Comfort, Intelligent Key, 6-CD Changer, Leather, Sunroof, good MPG, Intelligent Key. Spacious and luxurious interior. For around 20K, you can't get a better car than this.

Key-less entry,start, etc... Bluetooth enabled. All the storage space.

1) The Interior and Storage Space came in handy driving 4 grown men cross- country 2) The Drive-Tran with its 140 HP, 145 Torque and CVT, translating into muscle at city speeds and good gas mileage at high way speeds gives you Family value and a fun drive 3) The hopefully never seen 6 std. Air Bags

Leather seats, bluetooth, sunroof, leather st. wheel, winter handling, CVT, trunk divider, interior lights that illuminate the floor and storage areas, styling is HOT - really turning heads - ride is SMOOTH, fuel economy is EXCELLENT, seats are comfortable, iPod jack, intelligent key is great.

I think this car looks nicer than others in it's category. I like the cup holders in the backseat & that both seats go down. Has an oversized glove compartment & a couple of other cute little storage compartments (very easy to be organized). 1 that is just on the drivers side which is a nice touch.

Go for the convenience package plus. The key less entry and go is great, the bluetooth actually works very well. The car has a fun enjoyable ride.

Intelligent key

Bluetooth is easy to use and better than wearing an ear-piece. Rockford- Fosgate stereo has good power, and the subs have good punch.



Body styling, interior cabin layout and spaciousness, controls easy to get to

love the cv-transmission, can't feel gears shift at all. The smart key is great feature, don't even have to take the key out of my pocket. Great gas mileage. cheaper than the mazda3 and civic

Bluetooth and Intelligent key. 

I like the new body style and the drivers cabin is roomy and comfortable.

AUX for iPod, Roomy, and Trunk

Body style, interior design, stereo, comfortable seats, ease of shifting, acceleration.

updated body style.

I love the spacious and roomy interior. The trunk is surprisingly large, too. We got the trunk divider with ours also, which is a huge help to keep things from sliding around.

Favorite features would have to be the ease of shifting due to the location of the shifter (I bought the 6 speed) and the clutch is smooth. 

Suggested Improvements

intelligent key, CVT's feel and gas mileage. Other than that... it is all about the ride!

gas mileage;how quiet it is, bluetooth,stereo, how it handles

The updated look

Intelligent Key, Bluetooth, and CVT transmission. Features found on the Lexus and Infiniti models but not on Corolla, Civic, or others.

I absolutely love the height adjustment feature that's standard on the S & SL models. It pumps the seat up about 6 inches higher, kind of like a dentist's chair. I'm only 4'9" and I don't know how I ever drove without it. I can see so much better. I'm tall enough to actually use the sun visors!

The Audio Package, Key system, Convenience Package, trunk (HUGE) - I fit everything that was in my small bed pickup into it, smooth & quiet ride, and I could do 3 car seats across the back with ease.

CVT and the 30+ MPG I'm getting now I can park my current every day car a 13- MPG Beast.

CVT Remote looks Bluetooth Cell The interior even without the leather.

Handling,looks,trunk space with divider,interior layout and quality,cvt transmission,Rockford- Fosgate stereo. 

Steering and engine are favorite features.

The 6-speed manual trasmission is great. I also like the radio/bluetooth controls on the steering column. The adjustable-size cup holders is neat.

Smooth quiet ride.

our favorite features is the intelligent key! 

CD holder, gas mileage, comfortability, trunk space, CVT transmission. 

Bluetooth. No more messing around with keys. As long as the key unit in your pocket, you can lock, unlock, open trunk or drive the car. 

everything

Everything!

Sound system with 6-cd changer, bluetooth and the controls on the steering wheel

The CVT Transmission!!!

I love being able to plug my ipod right into the radio and the intelligent key is pretty cool.

legroom

Upgraded Stereo. LCD screen. 

the rockford fosgate system is great .. 340 watts of power,, great sound...6cd changer

Gas mileage and hight of the car

Interior is very roomy in front and back! 

Lots of trunk space. Excellent MPG. great design inside and out.

Bluetooth, Economy (30mpg Avg.), Interior Space, Reliable, Paint Quality good.

Peppy 4 cylinder ,styling, riding and handling.

the body style is nice and its pretty comfortable on the inside...lots of space

The dash says when there are problems with the tires, volume/channel adjusters on the steering wheel (amazing!), good sound system, looks hot on the road

Keyless remote, large trunk. 

Location of shifter.

Rockford Fosgate stereo, classy look for low price, shifter is moved up into dash, smooth ride

Love the engine power coupled with the CVT. The oil and G gauges keep the passengers entertained.

Comfortable ride.

I love the exterior look of the car.

Room, comfortable ride, features like cvt and blue-tooth at a reasonable price. Good looks and Nissan reliability.

Crash safety, smart key feature, ABS, low purchase price, and CVT. Lots of interior space - particularly head room.

The tight alignment, the exterior and the mp3 player input.

dashboard

Style and performance

CVT, bluetooth and exterior looks and (now) wonderful gas mileage

Comfortable front seats, does well on long road trips, nice pickup, roomy trunk

The shifter, seats, over sized glove box, sunglass holder, adjustable cup holder, I like everything about my car! From the interior to the exterior.

Steering wheel radio controls, keyless entry (it takes getting used to but now I like it a lot)

I really like the gas mileage and the solid look of the car.



I used to like the headlights and the taillights but now they look odd to me. 

keyless feature and lots of room for small car.

I have the smart key system which I love because I never have to take the key out of my pocket. I also love the rockford fosgate stereo system which is powerful, and I love the bluetooth phone system which works well too for hands free driving.

Built-in bluetooth and I'm not stuck on the phone type; Rockford Fosgate stereo sounds great & has mp3 audio jack; keyless locking & starting; moonroof; leather seats in a small car!; steering wheel controls; cd storage above visor; adjustable cup holders; easy to fold rear seat headrests.

Horsepower, torque, red stitching in the interior, rims, 6spd, the information console integrated with the radio gives average: speed, fuel usage, trip time, etc.

The interior is nice. The suspension is sloppy on turns but comfy otherwise. I like the interior room.

Love the large trunk. Stereo rocks. User friendly shifter placement, comfy seats. Great heat and A/C!! This car can move when it wants to!! Love the sixth speed. Love playing my iPod with the adapter!

Really like the interior and the design of the car, that's what sold me on it.

Aux jack for iPod, styling, storage/compartments, leather seats, polished granite color, trip computer, fuel economy right around 30 overall, CVT is SWEET, stereo without upgrade to R-F is quite good, trunk is huge inside, divider is great. Stance on the road is great, and interior is spacious.

Intelligent key system, head room, mpg, trip computer, acceleration, excellent heat and a/c, bluetooth, auxiliary input on radio for iPod, visibility out the front window, good windshield wipers, good headlights on high and low beams, huge glove box.

I love the "on wheel" controls for the radio. Plenty of power for passing. The CVT is great. Trip computer is a plus and I love being able to plug my Zen into the aux for mp3 playing. The split rear seats have already come in useful.

Trip info feature - tells gas mileage and miles till empty.

Above average engine power for a vehicle in its class, reliable, Altima- like styling, center display with trip computer and RDS/CD TEXT, side airbags at no extra charge (yet no cruise control or ABS), easy to parallel park.

Radio control on the steering wheel.

6spd, mp3 adapter, rims, have i said the 200hp stock?

CVT power delivery, premium 6-speaker audio system, leather seats, bluetooth.

The exterior design and interior design are splendid. I love the placement of the gear shift. The air vents are huge, which makes warming up the car on a cold day really quick and easy. You sit up high, which is good. Lots of little compartments up front to store stuff.

Bluetooth is very convenient, iPod jack, stereo.

Fuel economy, SPACE, SPACE, SPACE! Great seats.

The style and the computer.

Intelligent key!!! I'd leave my head in the car if it wasn't attached; the keys-locked-in prevention is stellar. Trunk space, sound system, steering wheel controls, integrated bluetooth. Cabin is roomy, no complaints from backseat passengers. CVT, I can drive 25 miles to work below 2000 RPM.

Gunmetal wheels have nice performance design and are easy to clean. Upgraded grille design. Supportive front seats. Nice RF stereo. Very good clutch pushback. AC is very strong and car is heavily insulated for temperature/sound. Look between the door and car, you will see a foam-like material. 

Intellikey, leather at an affordable price, CVT, direct MP3 input, trip computer. 

Roomy and comfortable and I like the exterior style. Most important to me is the air bags.

Oil filter is easily accessible without getting under the car, so with my oil suction pump I never have to raise the car for oil changes :) Auxiliary audio input in a base model is fantastic. ABS was not standard, but only about $200 more (invoice pricing), worth it for the insurance discount.

This car molds itself to the driver. My greatest fear in any car is lacking acceleration to merge into highway traffic. No fear here. The brakes are equally reliable and respond quickly and without any wobble. Four big discs do the job. And the sound system... makes me oh so young again!

Exterior shape. Bluetooth, intelligent key system. Foldable rear seats. MP3 aux jack.

Low end TQ provided by the engine works very nicely with the CVT. Comfortable, supportive front seats.

Keyless entry, CVT, roomy, handles great, good gas mileage, good power,

Quiet ride, CVT, smooth and quiet engine, decent power, great comfort and terrific visibilty. Lots of safety features, including ABS. Transmission and engine mate well together. Lots of options for the money, like steering wheel mounted radio controls and Bluetooth, and power everything.

Shifter location, stereo sound, acceleration, comfortable roomy interior, body style, interior layout, fun to drive, trunk space is huge for a car this size, love the fold-down rear seats. 

Interior design, steering wheel control design, hideaway in trunk, comfy seats. 

MPG, stereo system, aux for iPod, leather seats, transmission, divide and hide, glove compartment (can fit my laptop), sunroof.

Smooth, quiet ride. Spacious interior. Standard cd player. Stereo controls on steering wheel. Trip info. Fold down armrest/cupholders in rear seat. Rear seats fold down to enlarge the trunk. 

The colour, the style. Quiet at highway speeds. Fun in the twisties, corners well. Stiff chassis. Good room in the back for passengers.

CVT, comfortable, hight-adjustable driver's seat, key-less entry, peppy and quiet engine.

Steering wheel controls, styling, excellent ride, trip computer, aux. input on the radio.



Handling, quietness, styling inside and out.

Performance, interior comfort, gas mileage!!

CVT.

Love the styling inside and out, glove box swallows my laptop, short throw 6 spd., got 32 mpg on the drive home, handled great (from what I remember), roomy for car this size, airbags galore.

The CVT and trip computer. A great ride with good power and handling. Excellent shifter and heater controls I just hope the reliability is as good as my old 97 Nissan Truck-190K plus.

Fold down rear seats, large interior, CVT.

CVT, intelligent key, bluetooth on steering wheel, audio controls on steering wheel, standard 6 air-bags.

The Intelligent key is great! It is very handy. Also handy is the Bluetooth Hands-free phone system. The CVT took some time to adjust to, but I love it now. I like having the outside temperature display. The HUGE glove box can hold so much. Gas mileage has been above average.





Intelligent key and hideaway trunk compartment.

CVT (it's the only auto. car we have, and we needed at least one). Bluetooth, steering wheel controls, storage compartments, audio system, and hopefully Nissan reliability.

Auxiliary audio jack for my iPod. Divide-N-Hide storage lets people see only what I want them to when they peek in my trunk.

Rockford Fosgate stereo. interior room (especially glove compartment). Fuel economy/performance balance.

Intelligent Key, Bluetooth, good acceleration and highway ride!!

Safety with 6 air bags, body style, comfortable seats, gas mileage, stereo sound, handling, trunk space, quiet engine, storage compartments, rear folding seats. 

Love the features, just worried about the mechanical issues. My last car never had a single problem, and this has had several in only 3 months of ownership.

I bought the SL version, and have all the options except for a rear spoiler. Leather, sunroof, six-disc in-dash CD AM/FM radio (with satellite radio option - XM or Sirius) and AUX input for iPod, and ABS brakes. Bluetooth integration with my cell phone is great! Love the wireless key!!

