interior space, room for cargo, easy to manuver in tight areas.

Everything

everything



Back door and window.

The comfort level is much more than I expected. As for EPA estimates, I get better mpg than what the sticker said.

Small but yet still has room for my family. I like the way it handles. I also like having 6 air bags surrounding me in the event that I ever need them. 

Value for price. 4X4 w/ESC and TRAC great in snow and Ice. Warranty. Leather heated seats.

Lay flat seats, including the front passenger seat. Easy access to all controls. The manual shift option for hill climbs and descents. 

I like the size of the Kia and the room is provides inside. In addition, I enjoy the stereo which is high quality.

Love the features like the mp'3 player 4x4,v-6, sunroof.

Quality built. Comfortable ride. Easy to drive. 

Easy to drive Good brake system Nice stereo sound

The whole vehicle

Heated leather seats, remote start is great in snow and cold! Love the fold flat seats and locking 4wd. Sunroof is nice too.

Exterior styling, manual shifting option, heated leather seats, sunroof, fold flat rear seats, homelink mirror, sound system.

The fuel economy.

Heated leather seats are sweet. The satin silver paint is nice, deep looking color. The ESC keeps you on the road. Love the power sunroof. Leg room great in front and back.

I love the exterior shape of the vehicle because it is similar to the CR-V but much more affordable.

Flat-folding rear seats - very easy to flip down. Also like that they're plastic on the back (the Trailblazer was carpeted and got quite messy).

Size, performance, style, quality and the support from Kia. Rear glass open for quick load of small packages. Great turning radius; it turns like my Accent which is another Korean made automobile. I did not choose these automobiles, they chose me.

Size and engine power. Interior design is also good.

Height adjustable seat, cargo space (rear seats fold flat), strong A/C and full complement of safety features, warranty.

My favorite features are the flip up rear window which is standard and the sensible cup holders.

Interior space for such a small SUV.

Heated seats and mirrors, stereo system, comfortable interior.

Plenty of head and leg room, the seats are very comfortable and I like the interior.

