Love the interior, looks almost the same as my Mazdaspeed3. The color choices for the sedan are awesome! We have Aurora Blue which is a beautiful color not available on the Mazdaspeed3 which really disappointed me that the MS3 had so few color choices. The sedan A looks great overall in and out!

Power, gas mileage, design. 

Trip tronic 5 speed automatic Bose system with sub-woofer Solid weight, drives like a larger sedan

love the sunroof/stereo package. definitely worth it. the ipod connection was a must have also.

Manual transmission. Gas mileage.Fun factor.

gps, leather, mp3 hookup, choice of manual or automatic, heated seats, steering options, hatchback look.

Fun to drive. Looks good. Spacious interior for a small car. Trunk isn't too bad either.

The manual transmission is great. Also the hatchback utility is so convient and looks good too. 

As mentioned above, the steering and handling are superb. The 2.0L has decent power and torque. I also like the overall layout of the interior. My 6'3" frame fits well inside. The trunk is also a bit larger then one would expect. Mileage is good, about 27 MPG in mostly city/suburban driving.

Looks and performance. Cool car, goes when I need it to go. Smooth and responsive automatic transmission; LED lights and automatic windshield wipers are great. Cruise control is very functional and the radio controls on the steering wheel are great. 

Styling, easy to read gauges, handling, powerful engine for a compact, audio controls on steering wheel, high build quality, reliable.



Glove box, CD changer in dash, optional manual shift and storage space. 

Styling, handling, sound system, steering wheel buttons, glove box, auto wipers, manual tilting headlights, blue dashlights (should all be blue, no orange/red), good trunk size for small car.

Handles great! Stops fantasic!

The look and feel, great sound (Bose) and styling, inside and out!

The pick-up and acceleration; quality leather seats; all-around styling and design.

Xenon lights, LED taillights, rain-sensing wipers, auto headlights, leather interior, low end torque, and tilting telescoping wheel.

Interior reminds me of much more expensive cars

Handling.

Auxiliary in: I can play tunes off my cell phone even though steering wheel controls don't work at the same time. Rain sensitive/auto wipers. Heated front seats. 8 cup holders (each door has one, 2 front, 2 rear). Large and deep glove box. HIDs provide very nice white and wide light.

Stability and traction control, leather seats, Bose system, smooth manual transmission, and many more.

Handling, power, stereo kicks, ride, interior accommodations, and dash lights. 

Vehicle control. Instrumentation.

Interior and exterior design.

Comfortable seats, xenon headlights, and handling!

I love the dash lights, headlamp styling and comfort features. The sporty style of this car also sold me. 

The radio controls on the steering wheel. It is really cool when you turn the volume up or down and the lights light up on the right hand side or left hand side. All the cupholders everywhere is also very useful.

Cup holders, interior design, arm rest at back seat, driver space (especially head room, shoulder room), very comfy seats (adjustable for driver).

My wife loves the outside temp readout. Storage flexibility of the hatchback is great. Seat height adjustment feature is key to two drivers 6'3" and 5'7". 

Heated leather seats, Bose system, sun/moonroof, manual transmission.

Sports car feel.

Bose stereo, power, handling, interior, rims.

It gets up and goes great, very comfortable ride and handles well.

Looks. Design. Auto power sunroof. Side air bags. Wheels. 

Grand Touring package with Bose and sunroof are worth the extra money when upgrading. Manual tranny is the way to go! Xenon headlights with adjustment knob is a nice feature. 

Handles super, plenty of power to pass and cruise, super brakes.

Suspension: supportive yet floaty; how does Mazda do that!?! Immediacy: stomp the gas, rocket out of jams; others willfully enter freeze-frame paces, tearing passages across three lanes to exit ramp. Phew! My big Saab wasn't that agile; but I only had 15 inch wheels on it. Colors. Red panel.

Exterior style, sexy and unique. I liked the analog speedometer and tachometer, digital speedometers/tachometers stink. Interior is nice. I like the controls on the steering wheel. Leather good. Heated seats nice. Lights good. Galaxy Grey great. Bose nice. Info system great.

Lighting in the dash panel, seats, handling, and performance. Almost everything on the car.

Styling.

I love the tail lights, exhaust tip, radio, auxillary jack, I LOVE IT ALL.

The power is good and better now that I have made engine and exhaust modifications. The lines of the car along with the rear end of the hatch are awesome. It is just fun to drive and even more fun to just look at. Steering wheel controls are a big commodity.

Good handling, of course the looks, the bose speakers are worth adding the sound package.

Leather heated seats. Bose stereo with LCD lights in the dashboard. The instrument display. The pickup, speed and cornering. The triptronic shifter. The deep purple color unavailable on other company cars.

Styling and long list of standard equipment on the hatchback that are of good quality and work good. Made in Japan and priced right (although I would still buy it if it cost a few thousands more).

Huge glove compartment! Clear and lively sound from the in-dash 6 CD set. Driving with an open moonroof does not generate much noise. Butter smooth manual shifter. Great trunk and under-trunk space utilization. Many small item storage spots. 

Styling, power for engine size, handling, stereo, glove box, comfort, esp. on longer trips.

Exterior design! Aurora Blue color! HID lights, audio input, autodim Homelink mirror (I installed it myself), fuel economy (around 29 mpg when driven with a light foot), 5-spd AT, Bose.

I really like the iPod connection and the feel of the 5-speed. The red and blue colors at night are amazing!

All of it - the whole car top to bottom, front to back and side to side. It is super cool for the price.

Ride, handling, brakes, quiet, tight chassis, equipment for the price, a $20xxx with xenons!! My gripes notwithstanding, I would buy this car again given that you simply cannot buy another $20k car with this kind of chassis and I'll take the chassis over a foo-foo interior.

Seats grab and hold. Brakes are phenomenal. Huge glove box. Driving experience well coordinated and a hoot. Price.

Nice takeoff, fast braking, the telescopic steering wheel is great, has VERY comfy seats, interior is very cool/techno w/ all the gadgets & lights. Heated seats are great, and the Bose sound system will blow your eardrums! Gas mileage calculator is a nice little extra, too.

I like the heated leather seats and the Bose sound system which were extra. I love the tight steering, small turning radius, and the way the car handles. 



It's unbelievably fun to drive!

The auto dim rear view mirror is wonderful at night. Especially when SUVs and bright headlights are behind, it really helps save your eyes from the glare. Like having tinted windows without the tint. The auto wipers are nice too, I don't ever have to adjust the speed of them, all automatic.

The handling is amazing, the adjustable blue and red gauges are easy to see and really pretty. The interior was one of the reasons I chose this car. Bose stereo rocks (although it makes my interior vibrate sometimes)! I love this car! Handles GREAT in snow and ice!

Everything!! Because of this car I am making sure I have heated seats in every car I drive from now on!

Sporty styling including front air damper and rear spoiler. Navigation, heated seats, cargo management system and iPod plug n play!

Everything. It's a little luxury car with all the extras.

Xenon lights, brake assist, tire pressure monitoring system, traction and dynamic stability control, heated leather seats, Bose sound system, rain sensing wipers, electroluminescent gauges, blue ambiance interior lighting, auto climate control, exterior styling, and quality of interior materials.

Sporty exterior, dash appearance, great power & steering.

Sharp handling; standard 2.3L engine is responsive and quiet; shifter is smooth and precise (just wish that it had even shorter throw); standard!: 17" alloy wheels; rear spoiler and wiper; 4 wheel ABS disc brakes; nice stereo with 6 speakers; fog lamps; AC; ample storage; etc. Handsome styling.

Everything! Especailly the 6 CD Bose system, moonroof, heated seats, auto lights, red and blue instrument panel, etc. 

Everything!! I love the Bose 6 CD, moonroof, seats, ABS, etc, cup holders, heated seats, tilt and telescopic steering wheel, AC is so cold that I can't use it above level 2. Leather everything, security system, air bags everywhere, wheels, tire pressure montioring system is cool, 5 speed AT.

Internal design of the cd player, steering wheel mounted audio controls. Its fun speedometer. Its trunk is roomy for a compact sedan.

Lots of storage space, quick acceleration, ease of hangling, fun interior. This car has tons of personality, this is no boring economy car

Triptronic feature, it's awesome!! I love it especially when I am on the highway and I want to get a little push.

The styling of the interior and exterior. The wow factor I get from anyone who sees it. And the fabulous sound system and features (I have the 6 disc changer).

Handling, sound system, smooth shifting manual, comfort, navigation system (would have preferred the voice activated like the CX-7).

Full safety features (side curtain airbags/pretensioners/ABS/stability control/traction control/TPM). Interior controls are well placed and logical. Aux audio input is nice. 

Exterior design, solid feel, holds the ground on sharp turns, luxury features for half the price, made in Japan.

Great value. When I started looking for a small commuter sedan, I thought they were a bit overpriced, but when you really compare feature for feature, then factor in the looks, there isn?t all that much difference. 

Drive feel, interior and exterior styling, and standard features that are optional on many others in class.

Great paint blue metallic, sporty style that resembles more expensive sedans like Audi and low tier BMW but a much lower cost. iPod connection, large glove compartment.

Turning radius (10.4 ft), glove compartment is HUGE, smooth shifting, reliable engine. Good mileage when not loaded down. Surprisingly powerful for a 2.0! Awesome looking dash in all respects. 

Cool interior lighting, headlights are great, lots of legroom in front and back.

Styling, interior design and handling all weigh in heavily as my favorites.

MP3 input, looks, color (phantom purple mica), pick up, glove box is huge.

Handles very well, light-weight, great acceleration, and beautiful exterior/interior style!

Heated leather seats, on board computer, and rear cup holders are my favorite features. I can't complain about the 6 disk in dash CD changer with iPod jack either. To summarize- BUY THIS CAR!

Great dashboard and looks great at night with the blue and orange lights. Great mileage and very zippy, even with the 2.0 engine.

Interior features--audio controls on steering wheel, cool dash lighting, iPod aux, lots more; quick steering; stiff yet still pliant suspension; decent 4 cylinder engine; very comfortable seats; good shifter; great value. This car is a ton of fun to drive (and I'm still breaking in the engine.) 

How fun it is to drive.

Leather seats, moonroof, radio buttons on steering wheel, just to name a few. also the exterior really looks great - a lot better than the Matrix, Vibe, or Caliber. The steering is awesome and very responsive. Cargo room is pretty big for such a small car.

Exterior looks, roomy cargo space.

Zippy speed and handy compartments.

Very fun to drive.

The power, for such a tiny car it has so much low end power. And the ipod aux port is AWESOME.

Love the heated seats and HID headlights. I'm a big fan of the 6-disk cd changer, even though I added Sirius radio aftermarket so I could switch it from car to car.

Heated seats are a godsend, ride and handling are fantastic, ample power from the 2.3, styling is sleek and sexy inside and out.

Engine response & handling.

Heated seats make getting to work in 20 degree weather not quite as daunting. I love the MP3 auxiliary jack, and the Bose sound system

Handling, engine and transmission, nice stereo, electroluminescent gauges, cool interior and exterior design, excellent brakes, awesome Aurora Blue paint.

Styling, excellent handling, fuel economy.

My favorite features are the sunroof, leather interior, dash design and stereo controls on the steering wheel. I like it all!

This is hard to decide: it?s between the sunroof, automatic climate control, heated seats, automatic windshield wipers, Bose sound system. Xenon lights are also cool and light up the road amazingly well.

Gas mileage is good when not in the shop.

Exterior styling, interior comfort and design, aux stereo input jack, front seat spaciousness (and I'm 6'1"), fuel economy given the available power, attention to detail, especially those that make it a "guy car."

The clutch is super smooth, the engine is zippy, exterior is my favorite in its class, takes corners with the best of them. 

The red/blue dash lights look very sporty. The interior quality and the exterior looks make the car look like a BMW. Peppy engine and great handling. 

Slick interior / design. Sweet leather seats. Heated seats a bonus! Tons of cup holders (8 total). HUGE glove compartment (can fit a laptop). Colorful odometer / speedometer. Aux plug is hidden in the center console for my iPod. Moonroof + sunroof - easily accessible. Decent (only ok) 22 mpg city.

The speedometer display, after starting the ignition it lights up fire-red (looks really nice with the blue background when the headlights are on). The audio/ac console in the middle also has a nice red outline -sporty feel and its sleek design. Leather-wrapped steering wheel controls on wheel.

Performance, styling, great mix of power and fuel economy. Steering control is totally amazing. Great acceleration at highway speeds. This is by far the most fun car in its price range. 

I love the interior and exterior design. It is very comforting and high quality for the money. The interior lights and sound system are great. The exterior is classy yet bold and aggressive. The 3 has so many options that you can have all the features of a luxury car.

Aux in jack for my iPod.

The handling is superb, almost as good as my old BMW 5 series. Every facet of the car comes together very well.

Interior and exterior design, auxiliary input for iPod/mp3, strong engine, handling.

Performance, performance,performance. The five speed,it's real sporty and soooo much fun to drive. The driving experience is tight, fun, and the tunes jam too! :)

Interior and exterior style. Good performance for its class.

Steering, handling, brakes. Versatile interior layout (was able to transport a full-sized clothes dryer with some room to spare), classy interior design. For the money, you won't get a better feature set on a car.

Handling, interior design, sunroof, MP3 jack location in center console, hatchback versatility

I'm 6'4, so having an height- adjustable seat is a big deal for me to get the inside mirror above my line of sight. Holds the road wonderfully. Huge trunk. With a broken-in engine, I Slick 50ed the motor, added a cold air intake, and get 30-34 MPG all day long with the 2.3 engine. 



I love the blue gauges and nice big glove box and the get up and go 2.3 and the seats are nicely made.

Sunroof, smooth ride, interior, exterior, 6-disk cd player, the dome lights purple/pinkish colors look awesome! 

Fun to drive. Cheap to run. Great driving position. Built solid.

Handling and sporty. Good gas mileage



Zoom zoom.

Automatic with Techtronic shifting, huge glove compartment, steering audio and AC controls.

I love the Bose sound system, Xenon headlights, auto sensing wipers and this one has the remote control starter as well. That could come in handy on the hot days as well as cold ones! This car has too much for me to list, but these are my favorites.

Overall style. Peppy 2.3l 4 cylinder engine. Loads of standard features. Great exterior style. Good head room and leg room in all seats (I am 6'4).

My favorite features about the car is the convenience of the cruise control and radio controls being on the steering wheel. I also like the foglights and the console lights contrasting red and blue. The car has a very sporty feel and look even though it is classified as a sedan. Huge glove compartment.

Gas mileage, acceleration on the highway, 8 cupholders!, very smooth clutch, sharpest looking car in class, audio design and performance, interior lighting, front seats, glove box, steering responsiveness, cornering, engine layout and accessibility, folding rear seats, dashboard layout, the torque.

Steering and handling! Smooth, fairly torquey engine, very nice packaging and design. Sunroof a must, and MP3 support adds flexibility. The re-design for '07 makes the car less sporty, but more sophisticated. It's a looker that walks the walk. 

Fun to drive, interior illumination, new alloy wheels, mp3 input, and the mute bottom on the steering wheel.

HID lighting, huge glove compartment, AUX input for MP3/iPod players, manual autostick feature, Bose system...everything.

Aurora Blue color, HID headlights, automatic climate control, heated seats, good sound from the Bose stereo, fantastic drivetrain and suspension.

Great cornering, great acceleration (for a 4 door compact sedan), heated seats, Bose stereo, great build quality, automatic wipers. 

Great gas mileage and ZOOM-ZOOM!

Looks, what you get for the money.

Handling, design inside and out, stereo, mileage, rear storage flexibility, zoom!

Handling. Solid, ?NOT? economy car feel, styling, interior ergonomics/quality. The huge glove box. iPod/mp3 jack. The feeling I got a lot of car for the money. 

The handling, comfort, gas mileage and interior. The hatchback is amazing in what it can hold. The glovebox is enormous. 

Navigation, Bose speakers, swiveling ac vents.

HID headlights! Huge glove compartment, blue & red lit gauges, cargo room paint (Whitewater pearl mica), peppy engine, smooth transmission, leather seats, LED tail lights, Bose system - list just goes on....



FUN TO DRIVE. Its such a cute compact car. Love the audio controls on the steering wheel.

Handling, interior, overall appearance.

You can turn the radio up, down and mute without taking your hands off the stirring wheel. 

Bose, Xenon headlights, rain sensing wipers, auto climate control, handling, and fuel economy. 26MPG mixed driving and 32-33MPG highway.

Color (Mica Grey) and interior grey fabric. Style and dimensions. Seat comfort. Handling. Gas mileage (30+). Controls on steering wheel. 

Handling and performance, the base 4 cyl. engine is fine for quick starts, the brakes are great for quick stops! The stereo sounds great for a stock system. Steering wheel stereo and cruise controls are great. Seats are supportive and comfortable. Love the monster glove box. Great gas mileage!

Handling, driving experience, looks, reliability, resale value.

Interior storage space, tire pressure sensor.

Audio input and extra 12v outlet in the center console. adjustability of the driver's seats. Satellite radio built in, moonroof and just about everything else in the car.



I love the galaxy grey, and I really like the sleek look of the 5 door. Really roomy, and I like the 156 HP i4, it's quick enough for me. And the steering is very responsive. I also like the manumatic transmission.

Comfortable seats and sporty interior. Love the controls on the steering wheel. Fast acceleration.

Rear sheet metal styling. Solid drivetrain. Driver ergonomics.

My favorite features include: the handling, road feel, interior fit & finish, the utility of the hatchback, the Bose sound system, 4 wheel disk brakes, Xenon HID headlights, MP3 player AUX input. IMO, the Mazda 3 offers the most value for your dollar in this class. 

Striking design. 4 wheel disk brakes with EBD and ABS as standard. Tire pressure monitor. Excellent mileage. Great nuild quality. Tight as a tick. Turn on the A/C and hang meat. Not the usual cheapo plastic interior found in the class.

4 speed sport shifting automatic, steering, excellent suspension, nice lines with noticeable quality fit and finish.

FUN to drive. Grips the road. Plenty to room to store/carry stuff. Excellent value for the car.

Great gas mileage - I avg 35mpg. Sporty look, great standard equipment. Great value!

The car

Good at squeezing out both HP and MPG. = fun *and* cheap to drive! Red/purple dash lights make me feel like I'm driving a space ship. Nice styling. Good comfort. Excellent stereo & cruise controls on steering wheel. Boyfriend giggles gleefully when zipping out of driveway.

Sporty (powerful and handling). Fuel efficient. Great trans. Comfortable. Great radio. Good looks. Well designed layout of features inside.

Powerful engine, cool design, lots a features including sun roof, 17" alloy wheels, in-dash 6 cd changer, free oil changes for life etc.

Braking, cornering 

Manual transmission. 

The amenities like the heated seats, Bose stereo, moonroof, and xenon are great, but more than those I really love the way this car drives. It feels expensive, the ride is a good balance between firm and comfortable, handles great, very similar to an 04 BMW 3 Series I spent some time with.

Style, features, wagon, red, sport 5spd. Auto, satellite radio.

HIDs, leather/heated seats, aux jack, TPMS, exterior design, gas-shock trunk supports.

Can play iTunes from my iPhone

Fun to drive

This is one of the few cars that still offer a decent manual transmission. The guage cluster is sweet. Everything about the interior belongs in a higher-class vehicle.

Car handles well - although road noise on highway is loud. Stick shift is smooth and shifts great, good braking, radio and rest of controls are well-designed and have good lighting at night. Downside to the dash is the plastic used in the center console below the radio looks kinda cheap. 

Sound system is amazing. 148 horsepower makes the car fun to drive. The steering wheel controles are superb. The four disk brakes are excellent when you needs them the most. The cabin design is very sleek and stylish.

Comfort and handling.

Gas mileage, styling, handling, sound system.

Heated leather seats, automatic headlights, rain sensing wipers, Bose stereo system w/ 6 CD changer and iPod integration. I like the hatchback for hauling stuff and the dogs.

The pros for this car are: 1. Looks sharp! Looks like a BMW. 2. Great handling! Saved me a couple of times when faced with near collisions at highway speed. 3. Lots of acceleration when needed. 4. Comfortable. I like the seats shape.

Interior color scheme and layout. Big tires! Handling and suspension. Color. So much other stuff I can't think of.

Dash board, color of car (red)

The driving experience and the power relative to the price

Performance. Cartridge oil filter Gas mileage. 

Fun, responsive car for spirited drivers (manual). Small car with room for 4 adults and large dog in back. The rubber liner is a must if you have a dog. Received many compliments on the looks of the car (phantom blue). Like the storage compartments over the spare tire.

Nav, leather, exterior looks, handling (better than my bimmer). Basically everything.

Looks, comfort, and firm handling

Handling, steering, manual transmission, brakes, power and interior quality and design.



Front of car, radio.

Back tail lights (I love the way they look), Handle and the fun factor on driving the car. 

My big dogs love that the rear seat folds almost flat so they can ride in comfort. I like having the temperature display and the steering wheel controls for the stereo system.

It has a really nice sound system, and has a lot of compartment space, also a wonderful large glove box. The dash and stereo area is well lighted at night.

I do enjoy the sport feel to the car, it's got great handling on corners and is peppy when it needs to be.

It's all good but I love the sunroof.

Exterior design is sporty and beautiful. Controls on steering wheel.

Color (ny car is Phantom Mica Blue... hard color to find). Interior. Dashboard controls and colors. Steering wheel controls.

Bose sound system, heated seats, leather Iinterior, rain-sensing wiper blades, auto-Xenon headlamps, steering wheel controls for Bose, auto climate control, moon roof, electroluminesant gauges, and last but not least It's fast, ZOOM ZOOM!

Looks, style, mileage (somewhat, gets avg. 25 mpg), love the sunroof, very room with lots of cargo space.

Seat heaters, stabilty control, sunroof, aux input.

Roomy, internal controls are easily accessible, enough cup holders.

I really like the tiptronic feature. It's a great alternative to the manual. Best of both worlds. I also like how the middle compartment has aux adapters for my iPod and cell phone and the radio/volume control on the steering wheel. 

Generous standard equipment on GT. Hatchback provides tons of hauling room but still comfortable back seat. Fun to drive even with automatic- tight handling.

I love the interior of the vehicle along with the black/gray taillights. I like the standard mp3 capabilitiy along with style on the exterior.

Interior design, steering wheel controls, good sound system, fun to drive, fuel economy

Love the body styling. Looks way more expensive than it is. 2.0 is surprisingly peppy and smooth. Interior fit and finish is better than most in this segment. Though I would use brushed aluminum accents over the faux woodgrain.

The interior is very stylishly designed and you get great features for a low price.

Overall value, handling, styling, gas mileage, reliability, and fun to drive. 

Roomy, good performance.

It feels very solid, typical Japanese design and build. "Zoom-zoom" truly is more than just a slogan with this car. After driving it 3-1/2 months and 7,000 miles, still getting used to the peppy engine - BIG change from the lethargic hybrid (trade out for great MPG: 0-60 in two days!).

Zoom zoom. This car absolutely begs to be driven. The driver's position is like being in the cockpit of a fighter. What more can I say... this is a driver's car. Easily as good as cars thousands of bucks more expensive.

I love the illuminated dash and how comfortable the inside is. The power of the engine makes it great and fun to drive for me and my husband. 

Utility of a wagon. Good mileage (not to what was promised but it never is),



Heated seats, mileage indicator, stereo and rain sensing wipers.

I love the responsive motor. Acceleration is a blast in 2nd and 3rd gear up to 5K RPM. Excellent ride and adequate suspension from the factory. Interior and Exterior design is excellent IMO. I had to have the sunroof. I actually prefer the black cloth seats of the 07 vs the leather. Car is a blast!

Performance and handling. 

Sunroof, leather interior, sound system

I like them all.



Satellite radio, dashboard (red) lights, conforming seats, sunroof, auto touch windows, shiftronic option for those former manual shiftees.

Heated seats, sunroof, cd player, rain- sensing wipers. The A/C and defrost are the most powerful of any car I've ever owned. 

Lighting affects on the gauges and cntr console; standard features you'd definitely pay for otherwise; moonroof/6CD package is great; easy clutch! Looks are top quality. I like pretty much everything about it.

Space, great styling, great handling. It already comes with the good stuff, 17" wheels, 50 series tires, good sounding stereo with MP3 input, steering wheel audio controls, comfy seats. Plus, it's got good power and is great fun to drive in addition to being practical.

GT spec features: Xenon HIDs, trip cpu, heated seats, auto lights/wipers, LED rear lights & climate control. Also like the backlit gauges and steering wheel audio controls. Styling is spot on and it rides low on it's tires unlike the competition. 2.3L is refined all the way to redline.

The handling. It's not fast in a straight line but on a twisty road, it's a blast because you can maintain a higher speed than a lot of other cars.

Car has enough power to justify the aggressive. Some of the best seats I've ever been in. Handling is sure-footed with no lean or complaints. Happily goes where you want! The brakes could stop a truck! Huge glove comp! Proves that a reasonably priced car can be practical to own AND fun to drive!

Long list of standard features on GT, heated seats, auto wipers, hatchback versatility.

Sport shift. People think it's a novelty, and it is, but I feel like I'm playing a video game. The low beams shine very wide and bright. Compared to my old car the high beams blind me. Of course, gotta love the hatchback.

The sport shift mode the the automatic is what set this car apart from everything else. Shift for yourself when you want and put is back in drive when you're feeling lazy. The moonroof is another welcome feature for an economy car.

Nav, 5 spd man trans, head lights and tail lights style.

