Fold flat rear seats. Unlike chevy SUV the back can turn into a completely flat surface in about five seconds. 

V8, leather seats, shift stick location. Low maintenance.

Nav, Sirius radio, Rear seat entertainment system, power fold third row seats.

Heated seats and the front grille. Dual climate control

This vehicle is full of safety features. I like the styling and the quality of the build. The power third row seats and power step-rails are nice.

Very safe feel, command of road conditions, sharp frt end looks, classy SUV, nice 18" tires & alum rims on relatively less expensive model, good mileage 19-25, great stereo- Sirius ready, mp3 plug

V8 power, leather seats, wood grain trim, quiet, third row fold flat seats.

Cup holders galore! Roomy

Exterior design, two-toned leater seats

Towing talent, 4wd, traction control, MP3 jack, dual piston front brakes, storage compartments in cargo area (under floor)

Leather interior. V8. Quiet ride. Second and third row fold flat seating.

4 wheel drive, safety features, exterior and interior design, size, powerful V8

Exterior styling, smooth ride, no inside cabin noise, plenty of storage rooms, Great layout of controls, and 4wd.

None at this time.

The Mustang V8 and the 6-speed tranny. Power and pep, smoothly delivered. There's serious cargo capacity in this vehicle--biggest among all the competitors I checked out. The 4Runner was my 2nd choice, partly for this reason.

Everything, several features from Volvo. Third-row seat is a plus. Great visibility. Solid vehicle. Elegant and impressive style. Excellent value. I feel safe when driving or riding the car.

Winter driving drive comfort 2" receiver and 7 pin hookup 3rd row seat fits me fine (5' 10")

Exterior rims, two tone leater, DVD entertainment system, third row seat.

2 inch receiver with 7 pin hook ups. 

Quiet cabin, cargo room, smooth ride, stereo. Cupholders everywhere, side airbags, rear climate control. It's great for kids. 

3rd row seat, stereo

Ironman package

Gosh I love just about everything. The keypad is a nice touch, Satellite radio is cool, Machined aluminum wheels, Lighted outside mirrors, Auto dimming rear view mirror is great at night... and of course the five star ratings in all frontal- and side- impact crash tests!

Fold totaly flat rear area, Smooth ride, Seat comfort for long trips. Room front and back, sytle, key pad entry, 

The looks. I love all the chrome. And acceleration is pretty great, enough for any sane person unless you're hauling the Queen Mary or something.

The suede seats are cool on hot days and comfortable on cold days. The added size of the current model enhances ease of carrying bulky items. The independent suspension improves ride/handling over the previous generation.

The power folding seats are great. The surface is really flat when the seats are folded all the way down. We really like the layout of the dash and the exterior appearance, especially the chrome wheels.

Everything

Looks and handling are excellent

Mp3 jack, even though I haven't used it, the appearance package, the puddle lights, keypad (can't lock myself out anymore), SAT radio, power driver's seat.

Sirius satellite radio, keypad entry (wife's favorite), overall exterior look, seats. 

DVD, Nav, Stereo, V8, 4 wheel drive. Quad seating.

Seats are very comfortable for long distance. It is very much like a car. It is not noisy. The controls are laid out very well. My wife loves the pedals that adjust to any height. Ford has another winner. 

Power folded 3rd seat, touch screen fully integrated stereo and nav systems, DVD, V8 engine, ventilated disk brakes, instrument panel, and paint (white tri-coat).

V8, comfy seating, lift glass.

