Looks, especially the grill. Extremely smooth transmission and acceleration. I think the brakes are good. I have the Harmon/Kardon sound system and it has a great sound!

Heated steering wheel, heated seats, remote start.



Car is very quiet. Trunk space is good. Handles acceptably. OnStar is great when it works.

DIC, dashboard, comfort and controls. All the extras, including dimming mirror, leather, etc.

I like the quiet ride on the highway, lack of wind noise, engine noise, the individual comfort zones (heating & cooling) Has a lot of rear seat leg room, more than my Roadmaster 

Remote start, cooled seating, OnStar and turn by turn navigation

Handling on rainy roads.

Smooth, quiet, comfortable ride, DIC; dimming mirror, good looks.



Rain sensing wipers, very comfortable leather seats, OnStar. Plenty of leg room something my Avalon did not have. Smooth ride. Great value for the money!

Power passenger seat is equally adjustable as the driver. Ipod input on the radio. Quiet! Cushy w/o being a boat. Confident and powerful on the highway. Roomy back seat. Low trunk lid. Nice exterior design. Remote start. Lighted turn signals on side mirrors.

Super comfortable expanded leather front seats. Never have a car without remote start again. Exhaust tone.

Style and comfort. Love the driver seat memory feature

It rides great and is quiet. 

Styling. Warrenty. Quiet interior.

Smooth and quiet ride up to 100 km/hr (60 mph); Vibration worse at 120 km/hr (75 mph) OnStar is a nice added feature 

Ride, quiet and smooth on the highway. I was concerned about the "small" HP but pick up is good. 

Performance, quality, ride, quiteness, price.

OnStar, heated steering wheel, plenty of room, nice fuel economy with the V6 3.8L engine, nice ride, and cheaper than the 08 Taurus and Sable.

Lucerne is living room comfortable, library quiet, scotch thrifty on reglar gas, as elagant and pleasing to the eye as the prom queen. Smooth power and quiet comfort, it is nirvana for the long distance driver. I feel like this car was prescription built for the highway driver! Thanks & kudos to GM!

Cloth upholstery in shale color, quiet ride, OnStar, radio controls on steering wheel.

Comes with same engine and transmission regardless of model purchased; very smooth and quiet ride; well equipped on base model.

Quietest car I have ever ridden in and is like riding on a cloud. No wind noise at any speed. Plenty of power with the V6. Stable at all speeds.

The interior is quiet. The large trunk is well suited for my seasonal move to and from Florida.

Ample power, and quiet ride

OnStar, XM radio

Quiet tuning, ultrasonic rear parking assist, rainsense wipers, DIC, lumbar support, dual zone climate control, and H/AC seats, and heated SW.

Simple, but very funtional dash. 3 level, optional area heated seats. Everyone I talk to told me it was by far the best new car they have owned.

Rainsensing wipers and dual power seats.

Drives well. Radio very good tone. Seems quiet. have no long trips yet but seems comfortable. Back seats nice. Large trunk.

OnStar, phone, mileage, the gps system, warranty, not to mention a quiet ride and good mpg!

Exterior looks. Inside comfort. All the features. Paint colors. Interior colors. Interior room - more sq ft than most cars!

The dash is similar to the Cadillac DTS but the radio is right out of the GMC Sierra/Chevrolet Silverado and it is perfect, especially with XM radio.

Nice ride, quiet, nice interior layout.

I am glad to have OnStar on this Buick. I like the power seats that are adjusted for two drivers. I like the lines of the exterior.

Everything from the leather seats that have programable memory to the awesome Harman Kardon speakers.

Remote start, diming mirrors, back up sensor

Hearted seats, AC very adequate. Much beter than a Towncar I had to rent out of town. Backup assist super. On Star and XM radio a favorite. 

The excellent ride that comes from the same platforms as the Cadillac DTS. The improved technology of the driver information center and the OnStar system. Also the improved collision saftey enhanced by OnStar. And, the extended warranty, 4 year 50,000 and 5 year 100,000. This all adds value. 



Style and paint finish are great.

The ride. Heated and AC seats. MP3 hook up.The looks.

Overall, appearance outside and comfort indoors. Enjoy the better roadability than the Cadillac. Roadability, defined as hugging country curves without swaying. Despite, the fuel economy problems, would recommend the car to a friend.

Great and quiet ride, design, and handling. Great speakers and sound. The turn by turn navigation from OnStar is great.

Heated and cooled seats. Rear back up assist is wonderful. Audio system is top rate. Vehicle message center along with OnStar and available phone keep driver and passengers informed and entertained.

Harmon Kardon stereo with XM satelite radio is fabulous in this quiet car. The magnetic ride control with stabilitrac = excellent handling. Fit and finish both exterior and exterior are excellent. V8 engine over front drive wheels will provide great winter traction. Huge trunk. Very, very solid car

Ride and looks. 

Quiet ride. Easy handling. Sharp design.

Heated and cooled seats. Two toned interior finish. Ultrasonic rear parking assist. Remote start. Rainsense windshield wipers. Heated steering wheel. 

Styling. Interior layout. Quietness.

Very quiet and smooth ride, nimble handling, quality look and feel, OnStar, roomy interior, outstanding sound system, large trunk, attractive inside and out, luxury features such as heated seats, heated steering wheel, remote start, and XM satellite radio.

OnStar and navigation system even though the navigation system is difficult to master. Memory seat is a great feature if I can master its use.

TPM, rainsense wipers, GDO, All of the "gingerbread" electronics! The good looks.

Power, handling, gadgets, and sound system.

Good and easy-to-use electronic control features. Excellent engine response.

Quiet. 

Quiet interior, well laid out guages and switches, cooled seats, real chestnut wood interior (On CXS with ebony interior!, otherwise, walnut) and OnStar.

Very nice ride. Quiet other than the pinging noise. Turn radio louder to cover up engine sounds

Remote start, great interior and heated seats. Parking assist. OnStar. XM and Navigation are options. Chrome wheels, 3.8l v-6 gets 19-28mpg, models priced 29-39k

We love the color and the OnStar features. The back seats are actually more comfortable that the front. There is a lot of leg room. It handles well. In fact, we love everything about the car except for the window air noise. Once that is fixed, we will recommend this car to everyone.

Quite, soft ride.

Styling and design.

Performance and fuel ecomony are great. Styling is very good.

Nothing! I liked it at the dealership, but realized I had made a big mistake like a day after signing the papers!

The Lucerne CXL has heated seats and steering wheel. The navigation system with built in phone is great quality. The Buick has the largest truck space and if you ever have someone in the back seat you will love this car. 

Getting 30MPG on highway, great for a big car. Best car for the money.

Quietness, steering wheel heater, seat heater. Handling on a road.

Have not had enough time to properly evaluate the overall features of the vehicle, but do like the design features.

Looks. Seats are very comfortable. Excellent mileage.

Terrific ride, quiet interior. XM Radio. Cloth seats(no need to cool them in summer or heat them in winter!) Exterior styling

Remote start. XM radio. Memory seats and mirrors. Huge trunk. Air ride. The 4.6 Northstar motor is the biggy. What a gem in the GM line up of motors that not only get the best mileage but are dependable. And the performance, well you just don't get any better!

Smoothness and quietness of the ride. Interior comfort.

Engine and color

Great ride

V-8. The drive is very smooth. The doors close without hardly a sound. The hood closes with not much noise. It's a very quiet car

Quietness

Interior

Quietness, really nice interior, smooth ride and handling.

Nav system. Quiet. tuning. Power option.

quietness, on star, gas mileage, handling, ride, performance, comfort, standard features are remarkable, power seats,safety features

GPS. Power, but the gearing is so high. Need to add a chip and a K&N filter.





Interior room.The paint job, white gold flash, which cost an extra $995.00. Well worth it. So quiet inside. Great ride, not that sport car ride

The cooled seats are my favorite feature, with the integrated navigation and audio system a close second. Remote start is third. 

Moisture sensitive windshield wipers

