1)Interior styling, great seats in front. Very roomy in back per my co- workers. 2)Air conditioner is excellent. 3)Good performance for a 2.4 V4 engine.

The interior, and the overall styling. Great ride on the interstates and the climate control.



Leather,heated power seats,the CD/casette sound system,spacious trunk,the overal look of the dash.

Interior upscale lighting.

If the car ran for more than a four month period consecutively I might be able to actually like something about the car.

Only thing good about it that it has good high beam headlights for night driving

Nothing. This car is pure junk. It has left me stranded five different times. 1. Starter died. 2. Transmission died. 3. Head gasket 4. Another starter died. 5. Transmission died

Bright headlights for driving in the dark.

Safety, Roomy, Wheels, Transmission

Nothing. Car gets bad gas mileage, well below the sticker.

Great suspension. 

Great A/C.

Love interior.

Power is awesome for a four cylinder. Blows away my 2005 Hyundai sonata. Seems Kia's are getting better ever since Hyundai bought them out. Thanks Hyundai! Kia's hold the value terribly making these cars a used car best bet for value. 

The smooth ride. The A/C on those few hot days, and the warranty.



the air, it blows like a wind tunnel. 



I like the way the cruise control is setup on the steering wheel. 



The seats are very comfortable. Nice legroom, it's a great car when it runs. 

I love the blue dashboard lights!! I like the style of the car&inside. I like the fold down seats. I love the attached hubcaps I was always losing them on the other car. I like the outlet to plug the cell phone into. I like the black on the floor it seems to look clean all the time even when dirty..

Car was amazingly comfortable on long drives. Great handling, cruise control, a seemingly perfect car until things started to roll down hill. I sold the car to carmax and informed them of my problems. They didn't seem to care and they were happy the car had a new engine and transmission.

Gas mileage was good, I averaged 28 highway, and 19 city. The Kia warranty saved me about $7,500 in repairs I would of had to pay. The dealership says that they are having a ton of problems with this car once it reaches the 50,000 mile mark. 

The blue dash board, wonderful sounds from the radio, and six air bags. 

Powertrain performance, braking capability, highway stability for a car this size, short turning radius makes cornering/parking easy. Layout of interior controls.

Warranty. Timing chain on the 4 cyl (not the V6). blue interior lighting (steering wheel controls and power controls are illuminated). Michelin OEM tires on EX. Cassette player, a better and cheaper converter to play IPOD as there is no AUX. 3 spray holes each to cover window with fluid.

The stereo is great, the many options for the low price, safety features are great and we have plenty of room for the entire family.

Heated seats, V6, 10-speaker Infinity sound system, electronics docking stations (even in the trunk), child safety seat tie downs, sunroof, STORAGE, leather, great gas mileage, spoilers, great heater & air conditioner, steering-wheel stereo controls, cruise, electric everything, and it is QUICK. 

All the safety air bags, stereo, sportmatic transmission and powerful four cylinder.

Engine silence, fuel efficiency, timing chain, full multistage airbags, tire pressure monitoring system, interior room, split folding rear seat, trunk size, gauge design, turning radius, integrated rear armrest with cupholders.

Great fit and finish; unassuming styling; good mileage; roomy inside and in the trunk; smart storage compartments; very very quiet; if I told you what I paid, you wouldn't believe me; very comfortable except one thing: see below.

Leather interior, styled wheels, CD-casette, agility.

The overall build quality,t he little extras like the casette in addition to the CD player, the great gas mileage on the highway. The styling, especially the front view.

Interior design. Interior color at night (blue and red). Exterior features, front end design, rear lights, wheels.

Dashboard.

The auto-dimming rearview mirror, storage compartments, leg room, power everything, price, power, looks, features, tires, alloy wheels, valet parking safety, 6 airbags, crash ratings are great, fog lights, black leather is beautiful and comfy, steering wheel controls, to sum it all up, EVERYTHING!!!

Styling, comfort and interior design.

The chrome interior and the 17 inch rims and tire package. I also love the swift handling. 

I love the look of the car and the cloth used for the seats is nice. The styling inside and outside looks more expensive that what it was.

Interior design, fuel economy, value.

Roomy, style, looks classy for cheap.

Safety, room, ergonomic design, looks.

Looks and drives like a 2004 Lexus ES 300. Costs a lot less. Good room. Lots of standard equipment. Chain (not belt) driven cams save replacement costs. Gas mileage. Warranty will keep me out from under the hood for a long time.



I like the room, standard features and the ABS/ESC package. 

Leather interior needs initial treatment but then is especially nice. Infinity sound system, climate control, and tiptronic transmition.

Dash is beautiful. Great handling car, four cylinder engine is almost as powerful and IMHO smoother than the V-6. Interior quality has improved to better than Camry. Seventeen inch Michelins provide good handling, although they will be expensive to replace. 

Looks, auto temp control and the Infinity stereo.

Very quiet, luxurious "vault like" cabin feel; excellent build quality; safety features unmatched by any competitor in this price range. 

Styling and solid feel. Great sound system (Infinity). Good brake modulation. I experienced no brake fade. Instrument cluster well executed.

Dash lighting. Cruise. Telescopic wheel adjustment. Power options. 

Style. Build quality. Interior. Engine.

You get quite a few goodies for less than $1,000 when opting for the appearance package, and just the upgraded Michelin tires are worth about $800, so it seems like a no-brainer to me. I also like the sound of the engine when accelerating, it sounds like a jet-engine, rather than a rough rumble.

Tape deck...most unusual.

Styling, interior comfort, appointments and the obvious attention to detail seen throughout this car.

Price, quality, appearance, feel, economy, & comfort.

Interior room is very nice. Smooth shifting A/T can play with the gears when you want or need to or just leave it alone for regular driving. Gauges and backlighting are informative without being a lightshow. I like the gear indicator.

Price, build quality, style, safety rating, interior. In that order.

CD & cassette. Leather seats. Nice pick up. Styling.

