Styling, dependability, 27 mpg on the freeway @ 75 mph. 

The powerful engine, looks, handling and reliability. Keyless entry and ignition, smart HIDs

The navigation system is big, bold with beautiful colours, love the blue tooth and Mark Levinson stereo. The car is fast off the mark but well balanced. You have to love the back up camera. This is a must these days.

306 reasons to love this engine. I think a more instinctive transmission could get a little more out of his masterpiece. Rock-Solid build quality. Keyless entry. Smart HIDs. 

Great build quality and a lot of extra touches you won't even notice at first. Excellent Mark Levinson stereo. I can't say enough about the power this V6 puts out.

Naviagation and control center screen is nice. Perforated soft leather seats heated and cooled air.

Steptronic transmission, pedal shifters, power mode, rear view camera, push button start, keyless entry and secutity, memory seats, heated and ventilated seats, voice activated functions (almost all including radio).

Good color choices. Very nice interior, other than the seats potential lack of comfort. Lots of power and a very smooth automatic transmission. Keyless access is great. Reliable.

Handles well, built solid, keyless entry / ignition, backup camera, ac / heated power seats, great power and sleek design!

Push button start and general key fob concept, paddle shifters, sport suspension package, excellent interior lighting, overall styling of the car. I can't stop looking at it

306 HP engine. Premium ventilated seats (heated and cooling seats). Voice/touch screen navigation. Bluetooth nice handle.

Speed, nice ride and handling.

Reliability, powerful and still gets 25 mpg on freeway .

306 hp, Bluetooth, backup camera, XM radio, DVD/sound system, ventilated/heated seats, voice activated navigation (still learning the commands).

Performance, build quality, fabulously quiet interior, interior LED lighting, the way the door well lights up, push button start, great stereo, etc.

The adaptive HID headlamps are perfect. The telescope steering wheel is a great idea and great for impressing your friends. The Nav. is superior to any I've ever used and the paddle shift makes this car very unique.

Push-button Smart Access, heated/cooled front seats, HID/AFS lights, 18" wheels, standard radio has good sound, good looking car inside and outside, tight build quality and plenty of POWER from the 306 ponies under the hood!! 

Acceleration and handling. The NAV system is also very intuitive.

While not perfect, the power train mates with an excellent transmission. Ride is surprisingly performance oriented while providing an enjoyable Lexus level of sound supression and comfort. Option packages are comprensive and fairly priced, modern and easy to access and utilize.

Very fast car that handles well! Wonderful Levinson stereo! Bluetooth adaptive xenon headlights

306 hp; Levinson sound; whisper quiet interior; relative exclusivity.

Nav. Driver controls. Paddle shifters and Mark Levinson stereo. 

I love the navigation system. I was looking for a certain hotel. If there was no map, I would have been looking for days. 

Bluetooth, navigation, 306 hp

Loads of power and tourque. Brutal acceleration even at higher speeds. Interior quality that is above just about all other "standard" manf. Fantastic navigation system (when you can use it). Better seat comfort than the 3 or the G. You can turn off the vdim system and let the car perform to the max!

Engine - knowing you can take just about anything that pulls along side you, paddle shifters, Nav, VDIM make RWD feel like an AWD!, appearance, build quality, value, cooling seats, adaptive headlights, push button start, quality of leather, feel of steering wheel, stock sound system is amazing.

Heated and COOL seats. Black leather with stainless trim looks great. The navigation system helps with sales calls.

Navigation System + Voice Recognition and Keyless System

Speed paddles. 310 hp engine. The sleek design of the interior and exterior. Comfortable seating

DVD +ML



The cockpit wraps around you. The keyless feature is cool, but takes getting used to. 6 speed transmission, with paddles in the wheel. The acceleration is fantastic.

Bluetooth phone and keyless entry/start.

6-speed trans, style, comfortable seats, really good handling, and rear-view camera.

Keyless entry and push start. If you get the memory seats you can program the keys to that individual's preferences. So when my wife parks the car and locks the door, when we come back to the car and I decide to drive you grab the car door handle and the seats and mirrors adjust to your settings.

Sport tuned suspension is a MUST, backup camera is cool, bluetooth is marginal but my favorite is the front air dam, illuminated scuff plates and the X styled 18" wheels.

Touch-screen Navigation 

