Like complete colored keyed interior, no gray dashboards and steering wheels which 2010 have, good stereo with xm, excellent heat and ac, poor rear vision, mirrors too small, mileage 21 city, 24-28 highway, great trunk space especially with rear seats down, like storage area under rear seat, 

Leather, comfort , speed 0-60 5.5sec

Flat land ride quality



I like it when a car runs and not a garage note on top of a car payment!!!!!!!!Favorite features would be that the car continues to run!!!

Body Style, Gas Mileage, Uses Flex Fuel, Comfort

Power, Power, Power. Car runs hot off the line as equipped. Part of my daily commute requires a high-speed merge onto an interstate. Chevy SS never disappoints. Car does require high-octane 90 or better. If you try plus grades, you will notice drop off in torque, hear results.

I like everything on it. For those DIY's you will appreciate how easy it is to reset the tire positions, the oil light and even to add a new keyless remote. You don't have to go to the dealer for this as in other cars.

Electronic adjustable driver seat--I am 5'1 so being up a higher and closer to the steering wheel is so wonderful.

Steering wheel radio controls, remote start 

Rear fold down seat allows me to handle messy items without them tipping or spilling all over the trunk. Small out of site space helps shopping security.

Controls, fuel economy, smooth ride, low price.

Styling

5.3 V8 accelerates and sounds great. Exterior is attractive yet low-key. Interior is simple and clean looking.

The exterior and interior styling, sunroof, Solid feel, Instrument cluster and handling.

Flex fuel, OnStar, power, design (especially when its in black) and handling

Comfort of seats, smooth ride, sound of speakers. Not too shabby gas mileage for a big car. Oh yes, and it can fit into normal parking places

OnStar, remote control start up, dual climate control, Flexfuel compatibility, beautiful red color!

V8 power, XM radio, Bose speakers, leather seats, heated seats, large trunk

Mp3 input jack. Auto headlights. Remote start. Flip and fold rear seats.

Remote start is too cool. XM, OnStar, heated seats, sunroof. Everything about this car is great!

Lots of space. Quiet ride, good stock system, and shows gas mileage left

None. I am tortured driving this hunk of junk.

5.3L V-8. Traction control. OnStar. Bose 8-speaker sound system. Remote start. Front and side curtain airbags. Keyless entry theft deterrent system. XM satellite radio, 6-disc CD changer. 8-way driver and passenger auto seats. Heated front seats. Sunroof. Tire pressure monitoring. Fold down back seats. Leather

The 5.3L V8. Flip and fold flat rear seats with spacious trunk. Active Fuel Management really works (and I'm keeping my fingers crossed that it's not going to be a mechanical headache in the future).

I love how you can pull up the seats and put down the back sit for more room to move stuff. 

Squealing the tires from a stop all the way to 50mph. The exhaust sounds great too!

Excellent standard stereo, remote start, comfortable seating, responsive engine, quality interior design, spacious trunk, numerous standard features 

All options add great value to this car

Size, shape, comfort.



Remote start, being in New england is very nice. Large trunk and wide door openings. On wheel audio controls and OnStar

Steering wheel radio controls. Great A/C system, flat folding rear seats, and OnStar

OnStar, XM radio, heated seats, plenty of storage

Big trunk. heated seats. Leather seats. I like the room. The radio is very good 

5.3L engine when it works.

OnStar with hands free phone. Trip computor is fun to play with.

Mileage is just as posted: 20/city 29hwy @ 70-75mph. Head airbags standard. Big backseat for 3 kids. 

Acceleration and driveability. My wife likes the ride which is saying a lot. She drives a Cadillac DTS. 

Easy control dashboard. Remote start, roomy front cabin area. Front cabin design.



Power, ride, handling, standard feature list (remote start / OnStar / XM radio).

My favorite feature on this vehicle, of course, is the V8 engine. I also like the steering wheel controls for the radio and cruise control. The heated leather seats, large no nonsense gauges, overall ergonomics, and clean looking dash are a winner. Interior materials have a sporty yet quility look. 

Inspires confident driving, handles great, performance, nice ride, priced below the competition with lots of standard features, steering effort and wheel are good.

Very sporty look to the vehicle. Seats are very comfortable, the leather wrapped steering wheel. The engine is very quiet. The remote starting system is very handy. Lots of power for acceleration on the highway.

The 5.3 liter V-8 and the 18 inch wheels.

Power, ride, seat height, space, 100,000 mile powertrain warranty.

Love everything about this car!

Handling, build quality, and looks.

It's cheap, but not cheap enough.

Love the acceleration of the 3.9 liter engine

Much improved interior robustness and styling. Very thankful of improved trunk design tons of space and rear seat access. Love the heated seats and firmness of the car on the road. Auxillary input jack for stereo for iPod use. Digital driver information center.

V8 power and front wheel drive

Sunroof, XM radio, mute radio. Leather wrap steering wheel. OnStar, remote start.

Exterior/interior look and style. Large trunk. Daytime running lights. Great sound system. Good mileage.

Engine. Power. 

Easy controls 

XM radio/cd/ MP3 radio together with the Bose speakers is nice. Various upgrades are nice. I would have preferred the option of getting the E85 engine like the LT3 has. Also you have to get a sun roof on the LT3 to get the outside heated rearview mirrors and I did not want a sunroof.

Looks, performance, and Bose sound system.

Both the interior and exterior design. OnStar safe and sound, turn by turn navigation and hands free phone. Additionally, the leather wrapped steering wheel is excellent.

I love the 303hp! Lots of front leg room and trunk space.

The heated seats and the climate control. The remote start. 

The new body styling is great!

Flex fuel

All the goodies, leather heated seats, sunroof, fog lights, dual exhaust, lane change signals, big trunk, fold flat rear seat, performance, visibility, ease of parking, quiet, remote start (which works from my office window...how cool for this winter), unbelievable fuel economy, and the price tag!

Exterior look

Bose 8 speaker stereo. 5.3 Litre V-8 baby! It's a mom's sports car!

The remote start feature is cool, and used all the time. Living in 100+ degree weather makes it really nice to have the car cooled down before getting in.

Tires that aren't going to cost a fortune to replace every 25k to 30k miles! Huge trunk that's much larger than the Mustang convertible's! Bin to hide things under the rear seat. Headlamps that turn night into day! Four doors!

Front bench seat. Big trunk. Auxiliary in port on the radio.

It's take off and E85 fuel compatability.

XM radio and the security of having OnStar

Roomy, spacious and I feel more secured because it's a large car. It also has a quiet cabin.



Heated leather seats (Ohio winters!) Great sound system. Very comfortable.

Quiet, quick handling, excellent sound system with killer bass. Good fuel economy, decently comfortable, Canadian engineered, designed and built (one of the reasons I bought it). Reliable, no problems after 56,000k. Great value for money. Huge trunk and actually looks better than the Accord.

Economy, ease of handling.

Nice interior, overall appearance of the car. Good gas mileage. Comfortable ride.

power

audio system. looks.

Consistent with 80's and 90's domestics--looks good but poor mechanical execution still exists as well as low class service--just love it how consistently inferior our domestics remain...very sad!!!

Quiet

The look of the car the ride, very comfortable.

Audio system

Mileage, foglights, comfort, oil notification, normally goes 5000 miles before getting to 50% used.

MP3 connector, space, sound system, sunroof, radio controls on steering. High torque. No premium gas needed.

The truck that sits next to it

Power

I-Pod connection, sunroof, heated seats

Handles great, and for a performance suspension it rides very nice. It's a good looking car, and it came with a great Bose stereo system.

Keyless entry, remote start, OnStar

Without a doubt, "The Sleeper Factor". I found the ride to be a bit harsh with the OEM 18" wheel/tire combo, so I switched to a 17" LTZ wheel/tire combo which I found on eBay. I also added the chrome trim strip across the trunk. If you like humbling BMW or Infiniti drivers, this is your car.

The engine displacement system works flawlessly. In fact you can't feel any difference when it turns half the engine off/on to save gas. Remote start, exterior lighting, comfortable ride.



Power. Radio and seats. Huge trunk, I put a 10 foot 2x4 in there last week and still had 12 inches to spare between the end of the board and the dash.

Radio (XM) is good. Gas mileage is good. Paint job is good. Ergonomics are excellent.

Adjustable seats and steering wheel, safety features, anti-theft deterrent features, remote start, roomy interior, spacious trunk, beautiful dash display, interior and exterior design is classy and sophisticated, love the radio with quality speaker system, very roomy glove compartment.

Auxillary jack for my ipod. Comfortable seats, large steering wheel, fuel economy is great. Love the interior design and enough room for four adults. Large trunk space and quiet ride. OnStar is great!

Flip and fold rear seat turns this car into a truck. It carried a desk, chair and bookcase in one trip. Furniture salesman couldn't believe it woulfd fit into the vehicle. Wanted 75 to deliver. Not with an Impala!

Large trunk, exterior looks, XM radio

Love the interior (heated leather and the trim), the performance of the 3.9 as well as the MPG.

Styling, comfort, perfomance, & fuel economy.

Functional, comfortable, open moon roof very quite, OnStar adds peace of mind when my wife is out and about.

Remote start! Great in hot Louisiana weather.

Big, torquey motor; smooth highway ride; interior room

Firmer driver's seat. comfrotable sterring wheel. mpg avg LED. mpg instant LED. Outside temp gage. 

Great power, fun to drive when it ran.

Interior room, large trunk, sharp looking car, rides fairly smooth.



Gas mileage, size, comfortable ride, great value

Tire pressure monitor system, compass/temp, easy access & low maintenance engine, stereo Aux input, folding rear seats, power train, heated seats, removable interior rubber tray liners, fuel economy calc, rear windows go low, steering wheel controls, price tag far less than comparable imports

Quality! Great 28 mpg mixed driving!

Stereo, exhaust sound, acceleration

Wish it was a 2005.

Handles like a dream. Great gas mileage. Large trunk.

Nice looking car. Get lots of compliments on looks! I use the car for my work and like the way the rear seat cushions lift up and forward for convenient cargo area in back seat.

Responsive acceleration for a large car with only 211 ponies.

The V8 power is fantastic in heavy traffic and actually makes the car a blast to drive. We have two small boys and the seating arrangement offers plenty of room in a comfortable sedan.

The LTZ model has every option. Lacks nothing. Outstanding Bose radio -- great sound with virtually no distortion. Rides smooth as glass. plenty of power when you need it.

Heated seats in Michigan! Stlye and perfomance.

I-pod plug and the three accessory plugs

Bose stereo, heated seats, remote start, and the automatic fuel management system.

Item 1: The Flip 'N Fold rear seat which I use often, as my wife's Charger's rear seat does not fold flat. Item 2: The "sleeper" aspect...no one expects (The Spanish Inquisition??)a ho- hum silver sedan to fly like this one does. Item 3: OnStar-- very handy, and the OnStar folks are so friendly! 

The V-8 rumble and roar makes me smile everyday. Great styling, top safety, no speed limiter

The leather seats, the easy to use controls on the steering wheel, and engine performance. Oh, and the trunk is huge!

Understated good looks, V8 rumble, 18" wheels, built in XM radio, remote starter standard, big trunk and the back seats fold down totally flat. 

Trunk size (easily fit 4 golf bags and luggage). 5.3L V8.

Performance, styling, sound (grumble), reliability, and GM's commitment behind the car.

Remote control starter! Especially in the winter. 

Remote start, gas mileage

Styling inside and out, tire monitor and 36 station pre-set radio.

I like that the engine will run in 3 cylinder mode to save gas. 

Very roomy, excellent radio, computer readouts are handy. Trunk is huge and the back seat easily fits three adults.

Style, power

Styling, fuel economy, OnStar, tire-pressure monitor function. Predictable handling. 

Size and ride are big pluses. For the money it is a good value. comfortable interior. My wife like the wide seats.

I love the XM radio. Long trips are made easy with this and the V8 engine that can drop down to a 4 to give you better gas mileage is great.

Great handling, solid ride. Easy to operate electronics

OnStar, gas mileage, looks good, big trunk.

Nice ride, great mileage. Power to carry four people around the mountains with no apparent strain

Gas mileage, improved styling, Aux Jack for iPod, good performance, very comfortable seats for long trips, extra outlets for charging Blackberry, cell, etc. Smooth trunk interior for loading large suitcases or boxes without snagging/obstructing hinges. Great car for a salesman and small families.

The additional features of the computer are nice: tire pressure readout, fuel range etc are great. The 07 gives you the ability to turn off the lights, while my 03 did not which was quite irritating. MP3 jack is a nice feature. The storage compartments under the rear seats are good to have.

The Bose/XM sound system with iPod hookup and hands free cell hookup through OnStar is excellent. Excellent appearance.Clean, uncluttered design, in and out. The 5.3 engine runs and sounds great. You can not beat the sound of a short-block Chevy V-8!

Reserve power available when needed. Leg room great for me and navigator. Gas mileage good (21 w/ a/c and 26+ w/o a/c, but am in Central Texas and need my a/c except in winter. Safety features are great as is sound system.

V8 is smooth, fairly fast and not real thirsty. Seats are very comfortable and seem to be wearing well. Good trunk space and I especially like the flip and fold rear seat. Very good radio....my son and daughter tell me so.

E85 compatible. Remote start system. Traction control. Large interior and spacious trunk.

Bose premium sound system

Seats and view. Power to spare even with the 3.5 V6 engine.

Power seats, computer readouts for avg. mileage, tire pressure, oil change, etc. And large trunk. OnStar with telephone.

My favorite feature is the remote starting of the car. In the hot Florida weather it is nice to start the car from a distance, and when getting into the car it has cooled because the air has come on in full mode. Very clever.

Power, economy, fun and easy to operate.

Comfortable front seat. Fuel mileage

Remote start, OnStar, room, trunk space, safety features, gas mileage.

Love the OnStar. Phone sound coming through the speakers is great, comes in when my cell phone drops out, shows call minutes left right on radio readout area. 

