Rear wheel drive and truck frame gives it a higher towing capacity than other vehilces in the same class.

there is nothing favorite about this car, maybe the heated seats. This review is very true.. don't get fooled into this car, it drops its value in one year almost 10,000.

Sure Looks Nice

Reliability, very looong warranty, Ipod connectivity kit.

Auto climate control, keyless ignition, 4WD system, comfortable seats. 



Interior is so roomy. My wife 6'1" and I'm 6'7" and we fit very comfortably. All the controls are easy to find an use. The side opening rear door is awesome. No more wrecking my head on rising gates! Price! Brand new, out the door for $16,200

Nice Pioneer 6 speaker radio with 180w subwoofer. Keyless entry and starting system. 185hp V6 engine. Automatic climate control. Electronic stability control/traction control/ brake-force distribution/ABS brakes. Very comfortable seats. 

Styling, steering wheel audio controls and 6 disc mp3/cd player, quality of interior/leather/worksmanship. 17in alloy wheels, handling, AWD.

Comfort, turning radius, built quality, real time 4x4, looks, steering wheel cruise & radio/CD controls

Comfort, drivability and the color/style makes it look great. It also has a sturdy safe feel.

Smart pass key and keyless engine start.

Looks, performance, safety features, lights

6CD changer, Smart Key, 2 position sunroof.

Comfort. Sound system. Noise level. spacious. Well built. Solid.

Smart-Pass key system. Super light-weight doors. Bold-styled interior. Very bright headlights. Looks kind of like the 06 Honda CR-V.

Can't pick a favorite because I the entire vehicle inside and out. 

4-mode 4-wheel drive, PASS key system, Home Link system, electronic stability control, traction control, sun roof, tire pressure alert monitor, dashboard information center, the comfy leather seats, in-dash six disc CD changer, locking glove box, luggage light, extra plug-in sockets, heated seats.

Comfort, maneuverability, fun to drive. Smart key (after you get used to it - leave it in the car in the car wash).

I really like the looks and most of all the 4 mode 4 wheel drive.

Styling is far above others in this class. Looks more upper class. Very smooth engine, plenty of power, automatic knows when to kick down a gear ;)

Love the way it handles. The quality of both interior and exterior. I am surprised that I do not see more of these on the road. 

The V6 engine. 

ABS, electronic stability control, plush interior, styling, the quality and the warranty.

Great interior design, beautiful control panel, everything in easy reach and intuitive, excellent usability. I have the 5 speed manual, and shifting is incredibly smooth. The seats are the most comfortable among the 4 other SUVs I test drove. 

It feels solid, it's maneuverable, auto climate control works perfectly, heated mirrors useful in Reno.

The sound system,17 inch rims, the leather interior is soft, good position on the dash panel.

All the "goodies". Steering wheel audio controls, climate control. 6 CD changer with subwoofer, full size spare, smart pass key, sporty appearance, overall quietness.

KeyPass system, 4-Mode 4 Wheel drive system, heated seats

Everything.

Standard features are overwhelming, we love the keyless entry, all the warning lights and alarms for seatbelts, etc. 

The ability to navigate store parking lots like a go-kart.

The styling, styling, styling! the well laid out cabin and stylish exterior. The seats are very comfortable and supportive. I love the large interior space. It has many standard features compared to the competition. Suzuki used quality materials and workmanship. It is fun to drive! Suzuki is gaining where where Honda/Toyota have left off.

I like the very smooth shifting of the 5 speed manual, outstanding dashboard design with crisp instrumentation display, extremely comfortable seating, and how all of the controls are easy to reach. this vehicle feels solid and drives like a dream. Its standard features include the hard cargo cover and full size spare. Did I say I love it?

The keyless ignition ROCKS! I have the accessory XM and that combined with the 7 speaker system...thumps!

The keyless entry.

4WD/AWD, 6 disc in dash CD player, with XM and MP3 compatibility. The leather interior is fantastic. This vehicle is extremely roomy, more so than the Toyota Highlander and the Honda Element. Everything pushes, twists, and turns so smoothly and softly. This is such a great vehicle.

The Smart Pass keyless entry on Luxury models. The peppy V6 engine and smooth, quiet ride with great handling.

The V6 engine does it's job with excellent pull away power and the 4WD is virtually effortless when offroading.

I love the steering wheel audio and cruise control. I also like the 4x4 system's ability to switch to 4 wheel lock. The subwoofer stereo is awesome, especially with XM radio and the iPod modules added.

Everything.

The leather interior, heated seats, and daytime running lights,

