Monster acceleration, one of the most comfortable backseats we have ever had, good stereo (with the Bose package), like owning an Evo with nice leather. 

low end torque enormous mid-range power price to performance AWD

Baeutiful stitched leather seats, handling, performance, extraordinary brakes, best(and fastest)heated seats made, amazingly loaded for the money and faster than my BMW 3 series. Completely reliable.

AWD, great body lines, direct injection w/turbo that gives high horsepower and torque from a 2.3 L four cylinder at over 20 mpg in a sedan.

Looks (inside and out) great handling, good power.

All wheel drive- you drive on a wet surface and it's like you haven't lost anything- traction, acceleration, braking,turning compared to a dry road. How inspiring (& confidence building)is that in a heavy downpour? The stability control is so unobtrusive it allow some wheel spin and drifting!

Tons of horsepower & torque, sharp looks, great fuel economy to performance ratio (the base 4-cyl Mazda6 gets the same mpg and has about half the bhp!), tight handling, every amenity under the sun (grand touring model), AWD, 18" alloys, only available in manual trans (the way nature intended!)

FWD biased AWD is incredible for weather and predictability. Black on Black is gorgeous. Use the 7k differce between the EVO/STi price tag, and get yourself a bunch of bolt-ons that add about 20hp ATW each. Red gauges are simple and perfect. The launch on this car destroys ANY single axle drive car.

Torque from a 4 banger, horsepower, not much turbo lag, cornering abilities, sound system, virtually keyless, short throw shifter. Smooth ride, fit and finish, big cabin, interier/exterior looks. The best thing; blowing doors off people at any speed.

Comfort, style, subtle styling (doesn't get stared at or pulled over often).

Engine, 6-speed precision shifter, standard features, handling, smoothness, build quality, AWD, roominess.



2.3L turbocharged 270hp engine, 6-speed tranny, all-wheel drive, awesome Bose stereo, love the interior materials/gauge lighting, great HID headlights, the Velocity Red Mica paintjob, great 18" factory wheels, it is the ULTIMATE sleeper sedan in my opinion.

Turbo engine, AWD, good gas milage for performance, comfortable seats, stable at high speeds, great sounding engine and exhaust note, great Bose stereo, exclusivity, awesome brakes, and lots of room for tall people (I am 6'3").

Performance. Compared to cars in its class its not only better its cheaper.

All wheel drive, Turbo power, Skid pad

Outstanding suspension/4WD. Powerful engine that wants to GO GO GO. Room for 4 adults in good comfort. Upright seating position with tons of headroom for over-6-footers. Eight million cupholders (well, okay, six). 

Handling, performance, no turbo lag, keyless entry/exit, heated leather seats side bolstered with opposing color stitching. Huge 12"+ vented disc brakes, non intrusive stability control, Xenons, 18" whls, side airbag & curtains, exc.ride quality despite all the stiffening & body bracing. Sirius radio.

Turbo charged engine, push button start engine, remote windows.

Fast...Zoom Zoom. Handles well. Interior is comfortable (I'm 6'5"), and roomy. Enough adjustment to make most people comfortable driving. Sleeper styling keeps unwanted attraction to a minimum. Not many around, adds to its appeal.

Acceleration, clean lines, AWD.

Power. Supportive seats. 6 spd. AWD. Fast turbo spoolup, very little lag. Bose sound. 

Turbo engine (power is underrated) and all-wheel-drive.

Superb ride, superb handling, understated looks, fast!

It looks good at the dealer.

Acceleration, handling, manual transmission, stereo, all wheel drive, understated looks, keyless entry and starter.

Six speed manual, broad power starting at 2500 rpm from the hitachi turbo minimizing turbo lag, sleeper profile. Keyless entry and heated mirrors.

I like the BOSE sound system. The amount of space in the inside is really roomy. I enjoy the heated seats that I have in my Mazda. Plenty of trunk space. Heated outside mirrors 

The six speed, the engine/turbo combo and the interior layout. Seats are comfortable (I have the Sport) and it is very quiet at cruising speed. Great value for the dollar and understated design and power.

AWD, turbo kicks in immediately, razor handling, comfort, dash and interior layout. The car is a blast. Great total package! Should be measured in smiles and adrenalin rush per mile! Performance/dollar is unmatched. This is a real total package - get everything, give up nothing! Now 7.5K miles.

Turbo, torque split AWD (with power on demand assist - where if launching hard it automatically sets the car at 50/50 power unlike other split systems. Good quality. Understated, yet aggressive styling. LSD, DSC and rear strut tower brace built in! Can't beat it!

Power, practicality, build quality, AWD.

Power.

AWD, beautiful 18" rims, automatic climate control, gray finish on the center stack/ center console and nice cloth seats (any other car I would've gotten leather).

Turbocharger, AWD, brakes, suspension, interior, included options, price.

