MPG; Bluetooth capability.



Wow where do I start. I think the biggest for me is the low mait. CVT transmission, braking system, mpg, hands free phone, and all the safety features .

Everything, especially the CVT trans. Of course the MPG is awesome. Easy on the eyes.

The sound system rocks. I also love the keyless entry. People are still amazed that I never take the key from my pocket. 

Fuel economy is twice what my other vehicles are, translating into half- price gas, which is very welcome right now! Now that hands-free calling is required in my state, the Blutooth capability has turned into a wonderfully useful benefit.

Quiet, efficient highway cruiser. Plenty of amenities in the 50th anniversary edition. Stone cold reliable and cheap to maintain. Plenty of power when needed.

Keyless entry, comfort, quiet, bluetooth, moon roof, multi-CD player, service at the dealership

Mileage, comfort, bluetooth, etc.

Not having an irritating idle when stopped.

Steering wheel radio controls. Great console design. Super quiet, especially in E-Mode (electric motor only).

Dead quiet, comfort, great mileage.

The bluetooth capability for hands-free cell phone use is a huge safety feature. Every time you drive the car, it will track your fuel consumption and relays your average when you turn off the car (even going so far as to grade your performance: over 36 MPG, the car gives you an excellent rate).

Stylish exterior and interior, CVT transmission, super quiet ride, sun roof and pretty much everything else. 

Navigation system, auto door unlock sensor, gas mileage.

Leather seat very comfortable, corners like a sports car, push button start is a kick, air conditioning and filter are great, like the new body style.

Displays.

Reliability, gas mileage, safety, style, roominess, start button, powerful engine.

JBL six CD player that handles MP3 files. You can put 2000+ tunes in it.

Smart key, hybrid system, comfort, audio system, mileage, quietness.

The hybrid technology and the graphics showing when the gas and electric engines are functioning.

Comfort, ride, power/acceleration, stereo, milage, owning hybrid, build quality, large knobs for stereo volume and temperaure control. Steering wheel controls are nice for fine adjustments, but nothing beats spinning a knob for quick, large range adjustments.

Smooth ride, fun to drive, keyless entry, great mileage, nice exterior design.

Quietness- almost unbelievable.

Silence, shiftless transmission, styling, engineering, quality, standard features, sound system, keyless entry and start, interior lighting and details -- ex: 4 grab handles above all doors. They really did a great job of restyling this model -- the Lexus family connection really comes through!

The comfortable ride, Nav system, blue tooth, split A/C, acceleration and merging is better than I expected and last but not least the fuel economy (:

Gas mileage of 36+ MPG Simplicity of Bluetooth communication. Excellent radio limited options to choose from.

Quiet drive, sometimes don't even know it is on. Average mileage in the city 35 mpg.

Navigation system (very accurate), Bluetooth handsfree phone, JBL audio system, moonroof, leather seats... just everything!

Mileage. Comfort. Sound. Hands free phone.

I love the controls on the steering wheel. The voice activated GPS and blue tooth connected cell phone add to the cars ease and safety.

Mileage, stereo is awesome.

Hands-free bluetooth phone, auxiliary jack for iPod, keyless entry.



Gas mileage, very quiet ride, turns heads, accelerates strongly, roomy, airbags airbags airbags, stability control, traction control, great sound system, environmentally responsible transportation! Best all around car for a family for many, many good reasons.

The drive.

Blue tooth is seamless, NAV is very easy to use, CVR transmission is very smooth. Hybrid has excellent pickup. Gas mileage a plus. Remote start works great but a little pricey.

CVT transmission, hands free bluetooth cell phone connection, fuel economy, navigation system.

Seats. Handling.

Mileage, style.

The control panel that provides so much information about driving conditions. Also the rear view mirror darkens to reduce glare from cars behind.

Great stereo, heating and cooling system (love the heated leather seats), exterior and interior styling and believe it or not the performance. Hands free phone system works great also.

The brakes are great and the mileage is perfect, the looks of the car outdoes the Camry of prior years. You really cannot tell you are in a Hybrid, it shifts smoothly. 

Like the look and hybrid concept.

The hybrid performance. It's quiet ride. The sound system.

Hands free phone, stereo system, all controls can be accessed from steering wheel.

Navigation system.

The beauty of the car. It gleems. I'm usually not into aesthetics, but response to this car is amazing. They love the Jasper Pearl color & the shape of the car is smooth. Also the steering wheel options, Adjust or turn on/off the stereo, adjust the thermostat, answer the phone, all from the wheel.

My favorite features are Bluetooth, XM & GPS. All of these features are helpful while traveling on business (pleasure for that matter). I also like that the car gives 'instant' feedback on your driving through a variety of gauges and information. Keyless entry in the rain or with pkg's... super!

The package with the leather seats and the sunroof is worth it. Comfortable seats. Handles well. I like the mirrow dimming feature when I drive it at night. 

Navigation system.

Smooth, safe ride. Smart key. Sound system. Climate control system. All the neat displays on the dash. That "Excellent"? remark. Fun to drive!

Mileage, interior features, build quality

One of my favorite features is how big it is on the inside, also if I need to get something in or out of the trunk if I'm outside of the car as long as the monitor is on my person all I have to do is lift the trunk and it opens. Keyless is the way to go.

Key stays in the pocket, I rarely ever take it out. Radio plays 6 MP3 CDs and displays the ID text. EASY! to add a Sirius Sat radio with the Aux in and removable plastic passthrough holes.

Smart Key is the Best! I never misplace the Smart Key because it stays in my purse and that leaves my hands free!

Quiet ride - displays for MPG

Lots of fun features even on base model. Fuel economy, "stealth mode," and head-turning looks. Bluetooth is great and SmartKey is invaluable (no digging keys out of my purse to unlock, start, and lock the car!) Also, knowing that I'm doing my part to help reduce dependence on foreign oil.

Good turning radius, mileage.

CVT is silky smooth. Comfortable seats. Loaded features.



The electronic key for entry and start-up; great gas mileage; comfortable drive that accompanies the great gas mileage.

comfort, styling, economy, handling. the car amazes me everytime i drive it.

Bluetooth for wireless handsfree phone- multiple phones can be recognized. Display options button on the steering wheel to monitor Hybrid performance. The quiteness of the cabin, seat comfort, and the great JBL stereo. 

Keyless fob. Voice activated phone. Silent ignition. Ergonomic dash. Gas stations don't recognize me. Model redesign for 2007 is nice, to my eye; it doesn't look like a Prius, and scream . 

Steering wheel controls, Bluetooth, fuel economy.

Quietness, comfort, navigation, reliability, ionizer, bluetooth, sound connections on steering wheel, electronic start and controls, mileage

The power of the combination makes it fun to floor it from a stop and the CVT with the engine running at full speed all the way through is amazing with no shifting.

Incredibly quiet car at all speeds. Interior design and features - stereo, dashboard, climate controls. Keyless ignition and lock takes a little getting used to, but is great. Trunk has reasonable space. Playing with the hybrid technology. And, of course the gas mileage.



Gas mileage! Excellent visibility even for short people. Quietness. Smart-Key. Mega-powerful A/C, auto-climate control. Cool battery & fuel- efficiency gauges. 

The keyless entry system is great. Just push a button and your off. Tire pressure sensors let you know if a tire is losing air so you don't go flat. Sound system has a robust sound. The car is queit to drive.

Being able to leave the 'key' in your pocket/purse and still open the door and start the car is remarkably cool. Why have a key and a fob when you can just have a fob? Runner-up would be the display (base) showing various data and power diagrams.

I love not to ever have to dig around my purse to find my keys. As long as the sensor detects the FOB, I push the start button or I just put my hand up to the door and it automatically unlocks.

Bluetooth, MP3, VDIM, Smart key.

The lack of exterior noise really works well for me. I also like the mpg gauge, it helps in monitoring how you drive and lends to saving more gas money.

Economy. Lots of goodies for the money. Quiet vehicle. Comfortable ride and seating. Nice overall exterior "look." 

Nav system, XM radio, quiet, looks.

Like the instrumentation package.

Smooth CVT ride, @36 mpg thus far, the look and people's favorable responses. Handles great on curves, rain and uneven surfaces.

Gas mileage!! I'm getting 37.5 MPG so far after 1,375 miles. This car is like having a luxury car that gets the gas mileage of a little 4-banger roller skate car (LOL)! Navigation, Smart Key, JBL sound system, exterior appearance (very sharp), leather seats (very soft & comfortable!!). 

Quiet ride without sacrificing performance.

Stereo, smart key, 3 mpg commuters; instant mpg trip mpg and since fill up mpg. Bluetooth, great stereo with mp3. Trunk release when you have smart key in your pocket. 

Vision is outstanding even for my short (5' 2") wife. You have time to react to oncoming traffic because of your visibility.

Gas mileage, quiet ride. it is a game to see how good your gas mileage is. 

By far my favorite is the 42 MPG I get!!! I also love the navigation, it is very user friendly. The insulation that aids in the quiet ride. All of the looks and compliments I get from other drivers. The safety and reliablity that comes with owning a Toyota. The 'power' button.

Bluetooth, drivers seat comfort, and the overall design of the Hybrid Synergy system.

Everything!

Saving money on gas is great but my favorite feature is the stereo. This sound is clean and crisp. Even my teenage son was impressed.

Mileage readout on the dash, keyless entry, dual climate control, CVT.

Gadgetry: keyless entry/start. Steering wheel radio buttons. Car looks great.

MPG, tax savings, smartkey system, and leather seats.

There are multiple dashboard gauges that detail your fuel consumption. It's made me a more informed driver and it challenges me to beat my previous best mpg ratings.

Navigation, interior comfort, gas engine turns off while sitting to refuel.

Blue tooth: hands free dialing/talking. Stereo: sounds great. CVT: very smooth and lots of torque. Did I mention 40 mpg? 

Mileage of course, nav system and the audio is super. Wife likes the power passenger seat.

Push button start

Mileage; safety; comfort; sound system; good looks, inside and out.

Comfort - super quiet and soft suspension. 

Mpg gauge.

Continuous Variable Transmission, Smart Key, Bluetooth, radio, automatic climate control

Average to date 33 MPG, a relatively quiet and smooth ride.

Love the looks, ride, navigation system and xm radio.

Plasmacluster, tilt/telescoping wheel, ECVT transmission, hybrid mileage and seamless operation between electric/gas motors, comfortable seats, smartkey entry/starter, overall good looks, smooth ride, really quiet interior, great stereo sound system, handsfree telephone capability, 8 airbags 

AUX jack for mp3 player, mpg computer, sunroof, push-button electric start, Homelink garage door controls, aerodynamic styling. 

Many to choose from here, but the smartkey system is great. Just touch the outside door handle (inside of it,) and the doors unlock. Press a button on the inside and the car is ready to drive. Get out and touch the door handle again (this time outside,) and the car locks. Very usable feature.

Smart key, comfortable seats, dual control air, feedback from instruments, safety features, power and mileage.

Smooth, quiet ride and quality.

Blue tooth electric seat adjustments rather than manual keyless entry knee air bag sun roof. Big trun,k color scheme (gray), city mileage, quiet ride with no wind noise, looks, large font on audio equipment, the way the Eco-meter tells you that you did 'excellent' mileage wise.

Fully loaded and safe, safe, safe.

Awesome gas mileage, smooth, comfortable quiet ride.



MPG. Sound system. Quiet and boringly reliable.

Gas mileage, cool hybrid features, room for friends in comfort, navigation, hands-free phone, great warranties.

Hybrid power system

Mileage, quietness, nav system

Gorgeous green color, smooth ride, fast acceleration, electronic key, plenty of trunk space compared to my convertible, comfortable seat, lots of air bags.



Color, gas mileage (as long as it doesn't go lower), looks. My 3rd Toyota and I've loved them all.

Gas mileage plain and simple. If not for that would have considered and probably bought another car in the $30K price range. The Camry LE I had as a loaner car was positively uninspiring. The 50th anniversary edition really helps spruce up the car. 

Keyless ignition and the MP3 connection.

Access to the HOV lane and the fuel usage displays.

Quiet. Comfort. Roomy. Smooth edges everywhere. Nothing chintzy.

 Bluetooth, keyless entry/start, NAV

Nav system! Smart key. Seat comfort, even in the back seat. Great climate control system. Plenty of power.

Excellent radio, Bluetooth, and the gas mileage!

Smart key

Styling is great. The dash display is informative and really encourages driving for fuel economy. Sound system makes for good listening. The many standard safety features, while not sexy, are very important to this family. The brakes are great. 

Computer lcd readouts & silent battery operation. Great gas mileage. 

Great looking 2007 Camry; Smart-Key System; Navigation Voice Recognition features; Very quite ride; Better MPG than any similar size car; Very good sound system; wondeful dual climiate AC for AZ; Quality leather interior

I love the new body style, because I have always thought the old style was ugly and boring. 

The air filtering feature is one of my favorite features as well as the air condx and radio/cd steering wheel access.

GPS is a must. Steering wheel controls and cockpit features are nice. Plenty cubby holes. Smart Key is just neat

Toyota quality and reliability; appearance is not funky like the Prius

The whole car

The hybrid model has so many standard features, it's fully-loaded even without a moonroof or GPS display: Keyless entry/start Bluetooth/hands-free speakerphone Power compartments Special low heat/ low noise windshield. MP-3 & satellite-ready sound with CD changer + more. 

The GPS, the ride is quiet, smooth, Gas mileage, bluetooth integration, comfortable seats, moon roof

Mileage, quiet cabin, well-engineered from the drive train to the cooling system, and kindness to the environment. Overall we are delighted with the car!

gas mileage, incredible ride, looks of the car.

Mileage, handling, quietness, and, surprisingly, styling.

Great seats, super stereo w/iPod connection, QUIET, amazing gas mileage, QUIET, roomy, like dual climate control, overall design/styling, trunk pass- through, Bluetooth, Smart Key entry/ignition, safety features, easy NAV functions, especially for energy consumption. 

Way cool sound system and steering wheel controls to lots of stuff. The seating is very very comfortable. I even like the look of the rear end. 

CVT transmission, instant mpg readouts and other electronic gadgetry.

Hybrid technology with constant feedback on MPG consumption, Smart key, bluetooth, quietness of ride, looks, performance is much better than I had expected, very comfortable ride. 

The leather package. Bluetooth phone and of course the gas gauge showing how much your saving. Also, the 17 gal tank between fill-ups.

Navigation system. Great for those who like electronic toys in their cars. Audio system sounds great. And with Sirius radio; wma/mp3 CDs; port for iPod, you won't run out of music options.

Plush, attractive interior, much more than adequate performance, smart key entry and an excellent overall appearance. 

Efficient and smooth... they paid attention to the details

Nav screen, dash treatment, high quality materials, well made, styling, JBL sound system, the dealership and the smart key.

Excellent FE in a very usable and enjoyable package

1. Driver's seat- very comfortable. 2. No to a minimum road noise. 3. Drives & feels like Cadillac STS on the highway (Of all the cars I have driven, this is what came out of my mouth spontaneously when I took the car on the highway the 1st time). 4. Bluetooth enabled. 5. Aux in for sound. 

Gas Mileage (32-37 MPH)... Power.. Exterior Styling

Hybrid technology, Navigation system (no more getting lost), keyless entry/start (this is way too cool), Bluetooth, XM Radio, Interior (I love the Dash) and Exterior (definitely not plain vanilla) styling.

MPG and very fast pickup when entering freeways.

My favorite features: hybrid engine; engine usually shuts off when I come to a stop or am driving slower than 40 mph; CVT (very smooth); quietness of cabin; feeling that I'm doing something for the environment; automatic climate control; ride; fuel eco.; steering wheel controls; Toyota!



Roomy interior and very quite between 0-20 miles per hour.

Mpg, bluetooth, six speaker sound system, hybrid gauges.

Mileage! Quiet! Smooth power. Excellent sound system. Nice Bluetooth Phone system. 



Gas mileage is the best love the Barcelona Red also. 

Everything about the Toyota Hybrid is excellent except the mileage. 

Fuel economy is excellent; car is mechanically very sound.

Atkinson cycle engine and electric drive for mileage with decent performance.

Keyless throughout, hybrid system, not much else to brag about.

Gas mileage

MPG, comfort and additional features like no key operation, door management and bluetooth and road noise management.

Looks and mileage.

Great air conditioning,

The keyless entry. I like it when the electric motor takes over or when it shuts down at stop lights.

Nav system works well and the car has plenty of room. Interior looks nice at first glance (50th anniversary edition). 

Not having to use a key to open the doors or start the car; can't lock your fob in the car. Mileage tools. Quiet. Look. Steering wheel controls. Four wheel stability control well in advance of gov't mandate. 

Heated seats; 50th Anniversary edition trim; mileage; emissions; overall size and comfort.

Overall ride and handling is great. Instrumentation is also very good, vehicle lets you know anything and everything that is going on with this vehicle from a tire that is low on air to even letting you know if you are getting the maximum fuel economy by displaying excellent on dash.

Blue Tooth

Hybrid; gas mileage; low CO-2 output. Comfortable to ride in. Stereo. Anniversary Edition model.

The smooth ride, the quietness of the engine and the layout of the dashboard.

Appearance of the 50th anniversary edition, the nav system, Of course the gas mileage, great steering wheel controls, Lexus like look, good storage cubbys. 

Economy, blue tooth, silence of cabin, and CVT, also like the information center which teaches you how to maximize economy. 

Excellent mileage, great sound system, very quiet, low maintenance costs, feels solid and safe, display with multiple readouts, rear seats fold down for extra storage space, iPod hookup (great for hearing audiobooks on long road trips), keyless entry and start.

This car is so quiet it spoils you for anything else, all luxury cars should go hybrid! The keyless system is easy to get used to, very natural in operation. It saves gas, but without having to make any compromise other than the purchase price - which I thought was reasonable for what you get.

The plain vanilla, standard TCH is so complete that we found no need to add any options.

Everything about the car. If I could improve it I would but where would I improve it.

Immediate feedback on driving efficiency, comfort, good sound system, and that it is a partial zero emissions vehicle.

35+ MPG on a full size car. Every luxury you can imagine at a reasonable price. Also the Toyota web site has very useful tools in helping understand the GPS system and all the features provided. The push button start feature will have you reaching in your pocket for the key but it's a great feature.

Battery level display is cool. Hand sensor door auto unlock and lock button is very cool. Bluetooth handsfree is super cool.

Display that shows which engine is on. Display that changes color depending on how fuel efficiently you are driving.



Mileage; keyless entry and start; bluetooth; nav system; handling and ride.

The navigation system was very helpful.

Keyless operation, clear instrumentation, huge glovebox, super quiet, comfortable seats, much better for the environment, more features than all my previous cars combined.

Sound system, ride, comfort, and that great readout tracking its performance. Of course the Synergy system!

Keyless entry, starter button, mileage display -Toyota has one more winner!

DVD navigation, and Bluetooth phone cpaapbility. Also the fuel economy. Actually, I love everything about this car.

My favorite feature has to be the blue tooth, it took some getting used to with my voice volume and things like that, but once you get the hang of it, it is smooth as silk and with Military installations not allowing blue tooth ear pieces, it is an invaluable tool.

Outstanding gas mileage with plenty of power, extremely quite, plenty of room, the A/C works better than any other car I test drove, and I still can't get over it only cost me $60 to drive it home from VA to FL! Buy one today, you will not regret it!

Hybrid, quiet, smooth ride, lots of gadgets, excellent sound system, good pickup from a 4 cyl engine.

For gas savings cruise control is best friend. I love all the gadgets especially the voice recognition, bluetooth, smart key. The audio system is excellent. The noise reduction features. 

Very quiet interior, smooth ride, comfortable, love the keyless entry, JBL speakers are great.

The computer gauges to see how you are driving. The auxiliary jack in center console. The HYBRIDness of it all. 30+ mpg in the summer is awesome.

The multiple gauges for mpg feedback. The Bluetooth phone (ours works well). Smooth, dead quiet ride and comfortable seats. AC does a good job in hot/humid Florida. Cruise control works more smoothly than my gas engine autos.

Quiet comfortable ride, heated leather seats, moon roof and power everything. We get a lot of positive comments on the looks and color (red).

Exterior design and hands free system. The nav system is very easy to use. This car offers very few complaints to discuss.

Ride, quietness, trip computer, audio system, MPG.

JBL stereo, Bluetooth, excellent mileage.



Quiet. I drove up to a toll booth yesterday and the toll operator didn't even hear it approach.

Gauges let you adjust your driving to maximize mileage. Good driver leg room for taller drivers.

Electric mode when driving slowly in the neighborhood, very quiet. I love the way it looks. The driver seat is very comfortable. Hardly have to visit the gas station anymore!!

Bluetooth, hybrid, drive, CVT, all the gadgets, quality of the car, comfort, fuel economy.

Great gas mileage, navigation system built in with hidden CD player, Bluetooth, heated seats, styling, Hybrid system constant updates on screen showing how car is functioning, push button start, super quiet ride and 550+ miles on tank of gas.

Big car feel but definitely small car economy. Navigation system is superb. I like the integrated XM radio. Vehicle is extremely quiet except on hard acceleration. 

40 mpg, heated seats, great seats, push start, great ride and overall comfort.

Moon roof, keyless start, leather heated seats, MPG computer, rearview mirror auto-dim, navigation system, Bluetooth, tire pressure monitor, chrome front end grille.

MPG, styling, bluetooth radio, sunroof.

GREAT gas mileage, roomy interior, navigation, handles like a dream.

Quietness of the car. Technology such as bluetooth, navigation, hybrid, fuel economy, design.

The CVT, so smooth. On screen engine usage (gas or elec). Smart key, rear a/c ducts, all the standard features are great. JBL stereo, bluetooth, steering wheel controls, Toyota reliability. This is the only car I've bought that I actually read the manual! Actually enjoyed reading it too!

Navigation system.

Fuel economy, high quality leather, technology is awesome. 

Very practical car and very modern technology inside as well as with drive train.

CVT transmission, 

I enjoy the comfort and the smoothe interior design. The stereo system and the phone system is A+. Handsfree Bluetooth It works marvelously. My wife loves it too. It saves us a lot of money on gas and it's very comfortable. You need to drive one to feel the difference. 

