Rear DVD, aggressive look, interior

Lockable box, style, size, seat warmer, mp3 cd player and plugin, steering radio controls

STILL looks like a million bucks (metallic gray, 20" wheels). A 4WD pack mule in winter snow. Heated seats in WI winter are where it's at! Cargo carrying versitality will not let you down. Not bad MPG for a huge truck with good power. THE way to cruise down the HWY for a long trip, passengers happy.

Steering wheel radio controls, Power driver seat, Awesome exterior design.

Fun to drive, great for loading materials and tools, tons of options, great design.

The backup camera with sensors makes it easier to back in than to pull forward while parking. I love the z71 trim with chrome chicken-wire grille and chrome stepbars. The navi system is nice, though they're cheaper & better aftermarket. The 4x4 is also not worth the maintenance; my diff does the job

Remote start, rubber bed mat (keeps your stuff from rolling around), backup cam (so you can see what's behind you), DVD (for the kids), moon roof, Bose sound, and air ride suspension!

Great looks, great interior

Back up camera, MP3 plug-in, navagation, versatility, seat warmers, steering wheel radio controls.

Nav with rear camera, midgate and rear removable cover, side storage compartments, luxurious interior, exterior styling and smooth ride. A real pleasure to drive you will not be dissapointed.

Ride, handling, and quality of the whole vehicle. 

Absolutely Everything! Love the new interior, and especially the DVD in the radio stack.

Body and interior design, comfort, performance technology, covered bed (extends to 8') 

Ease of sterring, mutli- deminsion use. Able to tent out in it. Good fuel economy for a large truck and handles like a sports car.

Looks,(exterior and interior)Heated wiper fluid, 20inch wheels, folding mirrors, comfortable seats, XM radio, back up sensors.

Lockable cover on bed, roomy center console, super ride.

I love the rear entertainment option, heated memory seat option, and the whole design of the interior. Not to mention the smooth ride, and extremely good looks.

Chevy spared no expense in designing the interior of the Avalanche LTZ. It looks and feels like a luxury automobile. The DVD player, camera and reverse sensors are great if you have kids. The camera also make hooking to trailers a snap.

I like the look of the car, and the way that it drives. 

Body style, sound system, mid-gate, sunroof, 20-inch wheels, great power, standard rubber bed mat to keep things from sliding around in back, light in bed, comfortable seats, all the safety features, the low rumble of the exhaust

Ride and power. Rock solid reliability.

Seat memory, on steering wheel radio controls, back up sensors. Z71 option for the off road yet 2wd! 

Ride and handling are excellent; interior is great design fit and finish is also impeccable. 

The first time I opened the midgate I was amazed at how big it was (take the window out ). No wheel wells to catch little junk.

A great looker-people WILL notice you! The interior is first-rate. Cargo carrying versatility. Decent but not overwhelming power. Cadillac-smooth highway ride. Rear sensors really help backing up.

The overall build is perfect and the interior is awesome.

Navigation, back up cam, side access storage, automatic running boards (operate with door opening)

Interior trim, comfortable seating, integrated XM radio, locking bed, versatility, design and looks. Overall great vehicle.

The mid-gate, of course. However, the ride and performance was suprisingly good. The kids like the roomy back seats and feel that they have more overall room than they did in the old Tahoe.

Back up camera, touch-screen radio & nav. Side cooler compartments, remote start, XM, easy to take off bed cover and convert to the truck

Flexibility for hauling items and gas mileage only slightly worse than most "mid-size" trucks. OnStar pre-paid hands free phone. Super comfortable seating.

Beautiful design (inside and out), XM Radio, Nav system, Backup camera, comfort, DVD player....and the best ride on the planet. Still mostly a truck function but with car-like handling, comfort and features

Handles great, performs great.

Drives & rides very well for a vehicle its size. Displacement on demand, 310 hp, 330 lbft torque, 20+ mpg highway. Steering wheel cruise & audio controls big improvement over turn-signal does all.

Midgate makes the vehicle--it's what I bought it for. Heated leather w/memory, adj pedals, gauge cluster well thought out, info center is very helpful, XM, 20" wheels, ride quality, looks, better mileage than my old 3.5L V6 midsize SUV.

Controls on the steering column, heated mirrors, back up system as the view straight back is impaired.

Great styling, super comfy ride, wheel mounted controls, removable hard cargo cover

The features in the steering wheel. Cruise control, heated seats, back seat comes down, so we can sleep in the back when we go camping.

I do like the extra outlets and the storage.

Excellent seating comfort, ride and handling, very quiet ride and a great sounding Bose systems

I love the versatility of the fold downs and fold outs and it is so easy to do. I bought the LTZ model and it looks great. All bells and whistles work wonderfully.

Mid-gate feature and removable tonneau cover. The tailgate lock is a definite plus. Ice chests/Tool boxes in sides.

The versatility is unbeatable. The Avalanche is perfect for our family with two boys in sports and all the running around that entails. The cargo box serves as a secure and weather-tight trunk for groceries, sports gear, etc. Or, you can pull off the covers, load up the dogs or bikes and just go!

Ride, looks, and versatility. 

Comfort, performance, flex fuel engine, acceleration, looks

Love the versatility. Can be a SUV or a pick-up.

The overall looks and the awesome ride.

Leather seats, Mid-gate, Boses sound system and body styling. The 6.0 sounds great too.

Seating and sound system

Front end look, new dash cluster, radio controls on the steering wheel, mid-gate, dual climate control...the whole truck really.

My favorite feature is the ability to lock the bed. It opens up such a wide range of things to put in it that couldn't go in a regular pick up

Ride comfort and ease of controls

Memory seats, tilt mirrors, XM radio and ride quality.

Heated leather seats, remote starter, automatic locking tailgate, and the active fuel management.

The styling, the interior comfort, and the handling equal to that of a much smaller vehicle all make this a fun car to drive.

Heated seats, remote start, 2 zone climate control, electric lock tailgate, Bose radio system and OnStar calling service. Power folding outside mirrors. Sunroof.

The interior, dash, and the radio and climate control setup. 

The stabilitrak is a great feature. The traction is unbelievable. All the controls are big knobs and easy to use and I love the on board phone and OnStar.

The leather heated seats are divine along with the heated washer fluid option. The rain-sensing wipers work nicely especially here in the Northwest winters.

Backup camera, navigtion device, chrome 20"rims, sound system, remote start,3 piece cargo cover works well if you take out the last one for dogs. Then they can use the front 2 for a dog house if it's too breezy. Rubber mat bed liner, lockable top-box storage. The ride is superb.

The sunroof, the brakes, the sound system despite its poor speaker placement. You barely can hear the rear speakers. The computer monitor is fun but can also distract. 

The interior is quiet even at speeds over 75 mph. The Bose radio system has full great sound with plenty of bass. The versatility of converting from SUV to truck.

Sound system, power. Dosen't cry when it's given a hard task. Nice ride even on rough ground.

Rear camera, automatic start, smooth ride

Best when parked

LT3 package, folding rear view mirrors, rear camera with navigation/dvd package is nice, driver/passgr temp controls, heated seats, Z71 two tone leather seats are sharp! Nice ride,excellent build quality and perfect paint job.

The ride was the thing that sold me on the Avalanche versus a 4 door truck. The LTZ package is awesome. The only option not on this vehicle is the navagation radio/rear camera system. My wife absolutely loves the heated seats (her "bun warmers"). I love the 20" wheels, kids love the rear ent syst 

The 20" wheels and sunroof give the Av a menacing look while also providing a comfortable spot to drive. I got remote start and will be making use of it with the cold weather approaching here in Ontario. Key fob now locks the tailgate - no need to walk around and manually lock anymore!

Thought the automatic tire pressure monitoring was cool, also the radio has built in audio adjustment based on exterior noise to adjust the volume level. The side truck bed coolers are nice and make it easy to throw your beverage and some ice in them with included drain holes. Easy to expand bed.



The midgate feature sold me on this truck. I need an SUV most of the time and a truck only on occasion. It is such a great concept and the 2007 design (interior and exterior) is really a huge quality step forward for Chevy. Backup camera is worth the money.

Interior style and function. Clean body lines style. Power and control in a big vehicle that handles better than most sedans.

Steering wheel controls, DIC displays everything, love the new stereo design and function, auto-4wd w/ stability control for driving through mountains.

Excellent paint. Excellent wheels and tires. 

Navigation system. Ease of calling hands free. Reverse camara is a must. Just hearing the comments from people when they see it is worth the money.

All the computer display information.Instant mileage, tire pressure, time till next oil change, remaining miles till empty, etc.

Appearence inside and out. Price with the rebates! Smooth, strong, and quite ride. Midgate design. Lots of interior storage, leg and shoulder room. Remote start, and that chunky looking front end



The SUV conversion feature and the great (Comfortable)ride at 78MPH.

Bought the LT3 package with every option except the navigation system. 

I like the hands free Verizon wireless phone capability. Interior/Exterior design is awesome. 

Navigation system, back up camera and sensors. Power sunroof. Remote start. Stereo system. Electric locking tailgate, and OnStar with the calling feature.

Ride, horsepower, looks, and good sound system with the Bose.



The new electric locking tail gate. The new radio system. Power sunroof. Stabilitrac

Just driving it, and the people looking at the vehicle.

XM, central locks. Active fuel management.

Backup sensors and driver info center.

20" factory rims, XM radio, remote start, OnStar, side storage compartments in truck bed.

Stereo, and displacement motor gets better gas mileage

I really enjoy the large navigation display with the rear camera assist. The comfort of the seats is also a plus on any road trip. The active fuel management system is great as well with the gas prices going up.

Rainsense wipers, auto headlights and climate zones

Love the new look inside and out. Seats are firm but very comfy. Nav system is a fun toy. Finally have a sunroof! And, finally GM has a nice looking 4 door truck!

The interior is fabulous, phone system great,It looks like a classy vehicle, E85 capable a plus, back up sensor

The active fuel management. After learning not to use cruise (My personal preference or luck) this saved me money. 

