

Vehicle size, interior roominess, ergonomics, navigation, rear camera, ease of driving, keyless entry/start, overall comfort, AWD.

Roominess for my frame (6'3"/210lb) and I like the width of the interior. Originally looked at the G35/37, but after driving the G37x as a loaner for almost two wks, glad I got the M35. G37 was much narrower. Extra features like bluetooth comes in handy especially when you're passing the police.

Everything but the tires.

GPS, Bluetooth integrated phone, rear camera, all the information features. But hands down, the powerful engine and ability for this car to move in and out of traffic with precision and ease. Quite an engine.



Acceleration and handling.

Interior leg and headroom for front passenger

The multi-panel which houses the audio, climate and navigation (if equipped) is about as easy to use as they come, though that's not saying much. It's unfortunate that nav complicates listening to the radio or adjusting the temperature. Most of the aforementioned can be controlled by voice commands 

The screen - user interface. The voice command. Air circulation is great. keyless start. fit and finish. Heating and cooling on the seats. Steering wheel mounted controls. Really comfy for us taller people. Really nice ride for long distances.

Voice command, laser speed control, front seat with a/c and heat, gps, bluetooth, handling, braking, steering, design, fit and finish, quality, rear view camera, accurate climate control, acceleration, non-turbulent at speed sunroof, keyless start, touch door to unlock, and a total lack of problems.

Love the car except for reliability. Most comfortable car I've ever owned. Mileage isn't bad - 23.9 on last road trip. Beautiful interior. Lots of room. Handles well

Ride, handling, navigation, overall comfort. Even the lane departure system doesn't annoy me (well, maybe a bit).

Smooth ride but steering is too loose. Seats are very confortable.

Interior design and room - very nice, backup camera is great. So far I'm very happy with the car. It is the value leader. I'm 6'6 with a long torso and I have LOTS of headroom and legroom. I think 99% of people will love this car and if the reliability reputation holds I will be getting another.

Nav, bt, standard pkg, interior design, controls, backup camera.

The multi-panel which houses the audio, climate and navigation (if equipped) is about as easy to use as they come though that?s not saying much. It?s unfortunate that nav complicates listening to the radio or adjusting the temperature. Most of the aforementioned can be controlled by voice commands

Great cabin comfort and handling. Easy to use controls. Good leg room in front and back seats. Good trunk space. 

AWD, birds eye navigation system, seating comfort, voice recognition. 

Comfort, interior styling, performance. 

Voice recognition, Bluetooth capability, and information features. Car lets you know if the tire pressure is low, or you didn't properly close your trunk. Makes sure you don't lock the key inside and the camera is so helpful when parallel parking.

Handling, driving comfort, interior design, layout of controls, navigation system with backup camera. 

Great looks and performance. 

I like the interior and dash layout. The couple people I've given a ride to were very impressed. Wish it had iPod integration or an audio jack.

Interior rocks.

Cabin and trunk space; redundant controls; handling; rear biased 4 wheel drive; climate control.

Love the car. Love the interior design, gauges. Wheels look awesome for stock equipment. Engine sounds great and propels the car like a rocket. Wish I would have gotten the backup camera and nav, but I saved some money by not getting them. The paint looks amazing in the sunlight. 



Backup camera is excellent! Infiniti controller is better than German competitors. 10 way seats. Excellent headlights. Nice dash lighting. Steering wheel controls easy to use. Great power and performance for a heavy AWD car with a V6. Premium gas not required is appreciated. A nice car to drive. 

Rear camera, bluetooth, seats, handling, almost everything.

Looks classy inside and out. Tech toys are fun and easy to learn. A/C seats. Back up cam is best. 

AWD and the easy to use voice recognition system. Also the engine note when you turn on the car... it sounds so sweet.

Engine, interior design and equipment, blue tooth phone connection.

Styling, performance, comfort, and legroom, front and rear. The base model has all I need. I can live without air conditioned seats and headlights that turn with the steering wheel.

Navigation, acceleration, reliability, audio system.

Infiniti voice recognition, rear view camera, bluetooth hands free phone system.

Great acceleration and brakes. A beautifully understated interior with very user friendly features. A well thought out nav. system (compared to others). A voice activation system that works. Option of an intelligent cruise control that makes freeway trips so much easier. Heated and cooled seats.

Voice command and navigation system.

The radar controlled cruise control is the best thing since sliced bread. The navigation system is easy to operate and very accurate.

Looks on this car are simply flawless. I feel like everyone is looking at me, especially with stock aero body kit. Interior is great, everyone who has been in my car thinks that this car cost well over $80,000 when in reality it goes for around $50,000. 

Bluetooth system, voice recognition, tire pressure indicator.

Bluetooth phone system.

Navigation, body design, interior design, voice controls, handling, comfort. 

The look! Cooled seats, very nice LCD! Keyless entry. Nice leather seats! Wood trim.

Interior is exceptionally pleasing to the eye and comfortable. and the exterior finish and design are great

navigation, information, sound, Bluetooth

Interior design, radio display, illuminated dash during the day.

Electronics and ease of use

Navi, Best back up cam in the industry!Leather Bose sound sys. Ride look , POWER!! 

1)The ride and steering; road feel is excellent. 

interior design, cornering ability, steering response, user friendly dash, ventilated seats, award-winning VQ engine.

everything!!!!!!

Navigation system; all season tires

Space. Keyless start.

Smart-Key with Push Button Start/Stop, Bluetooth, Navigation, All-Wheel Drive

Icc,LDW and DVD. Bluetooth is great! 

navigation, stereo, heated and cooled seats. great handling and looks with aero package, lane departure warning

back-up camera, heated & cooled seats, great Bose sound system, keyles entry & starting & satellite radio.

My favorite features are the Bird View Nav, the rear DVD, rear heated/reclining seats and the front cooled seats.

Geared for fast acceleration all the way through the power-band. Mercedes- like front-end. Under $50K. Seat and steering wheel move to make room for you when you enter and exit. 

Nav & Radio & Bluetooth

Hands free blue tooth telephone, rear dvd, 13 speaker music system, voice command, auto seat belt restraint when braking hard, lane departure warning system, backup camera (used for drivers license test...great!), seat airco

key fob, stereo, a/c seats, just everything. I had driven a 530i for 24 hours and could not believe the difference. The M offers so much value.

Acceleration.

Styling, ride, handling, speed, features, spaciousness, value relative to competitors

The Bose 5.1 sound system sounds like you're @ a Van Halen concert! Also, the 19 inch standard wheels look hot!

Back-up TV. Leg room. Pass-through from trunk to rear seat area. Compass on rearview mirror. Single button control for all the electronic stuff. Push-button ignition and door locking system is great. 



Nav system ease of use. Key fob has been pretty stright forward

The enterior!

Handling, power, looks, confort, space, everything

interior design handling acceleration air cooled seats electonic devices back up camera



interior design and the rear entertanment center

