6 person seating in a totally awesome vehicle size!! Size & depth of glove box. Cooling & heating fast to respond respond comfortably. MAZDA quality throughout!!



Dash layout is pretty good. I like the radio/cd player. Glovebox is a descent size along with door compartments and center console. Driver components are within easy reach and layed out fairly well. Seats backs that lean back are good.

Double rear sliding doors. Storage in both second row seats. Cargo area/ hatch. Lots of head room/spacious but compact at the same time. Gas Mileage

Sliding side doors

Fun to drive! Very comfortable. Versatile. Easy to maintain, well built and extremely reliable.

My favorite feature is the heated leather seats for the price. The gas milage is great. The side air bags are an important safety feature.

Crisp, agile handling is great

Super handling with small turning radius. Fun to drive! Comfortable on long drives. Cool exterior styling. Easy loading with side sliding doors and wide rear hatch. 

The captain chairs in the back who can fold down very easy and the slide doors opening easy in small parking spots, low maintenance cost. And good brakes (nice in the mountains without fading). 4 disks instead of drums in the back. Good space around you.



Sporty.

Manual transmission

Sport-tronic shifter, 3rd row for the kids, sliding doors, road handling

Versatility, value, quality

So easy with carseats! I have used it both forward facing and rear facing. The middle seats ability to move back help with the space needed for a rear facing seat.

Style, cost, plenty of room for family of 4.

Sporty look, good safety features.

Sliding mid-row seats, sliding side doors, versatility. Design execution is great!

Space (extremely roomy), sporty engine, comfortable ride, dashboard, visibility, quality interior. 

Navigation system.

Versatility, gas mileage and all the little spaces to hide things.

Sporty feel for a "minivan". Drives more like a car. Easy to get in and out. Sliding doors nice for kids!! 

Easy to park, holds the road well, adjustable rear seats.

Front end styling. 

Love the tiny turning circle. Also love the flat surface near the gear shift where I can attach my GPS. Mileage is much better than my previous car. The low hatchback threshold makes it easy for me to load up. Sliding doors on both sides! Wonderful!

Sliding doors, seat belts for six but quickly a home depot run-about with the pull of two handles, averaged 30 mpg on a road trip from MA to NC! Nice, high seating position. Auto climate control in a $19,000 vehicle?! Compare features with others, and you'll see the V-A-L-U-E.

The 17" wheels with an available manual transmission caught my eye. But it's the versitility that is most appreciated.

17 inch alloys rims, sporty suspension, sport shift for AT, incredible handling ability, storages, sporty look, clever space usage, powerful brakes, price, being quiet, light sliding doors, easy-to-open hatch, great visibility. The wow factor for the money spent!!

Style, value, design! second row legroom, gas mileage, dual sliding doors, flat-folding seats, 

Performance, economy, availability of manual transmission, handling and roadholding, space, comfort, features, price. Did I miss any?

Economy and flexibilty, fun summertime driving.

Handling; interior seat arrangement; tilt/telescopic steering; firm, comfortable seats; manumatic shifter for more power.

1. The 4spd auto with manual mode. 2. The sliding doors. 3. Sunroof. 4. Climate control. 5. 6CD changer & stereo. 6. Instrument cluster/dashboard layout.

MPG, sliding rear doors, roomy for such a small vehicle, value.

The entire vehicle, really. I changed the speakers in the front to better ones for $125 and the sound system now kicks!

Lots of space, sliding rear seats = lots of leg room, aerodynamic design, responsive engine.

The peppy 5 speed, styling, cargo and storage room, versatility, handling, comfort, 6 CD player, cruise control and back support adjustment. 

I like the stereo, the semi-automatic transmission, sliding rear doors that is so much better than the conventional doors, and the ease of getting in and out of the vehicle.



Moonroof, 6 disc CD changer, auto climate control, easy opening slide doors.

We love the 6 bucket seats with the back four folding perfectly flat giving us over 5 feet of storage. There are lots of little pluses. Check out the cavernous "glove box", storage bins under the center seats - it just goes on!

A/C actually does a decent job keeping the car cool. Great pickup and solid gearbox. Haven't hit the hardware store yet, but it looks like I'll have ample room for most purchases.

Versatility, fuel economy, design.

Versatility of seating arrangement. Super AM-FM radio with steering wheel controls.

Fun to drive - loads of room - very attractive to look at.

The extra space hidden under the middle row seats.

Sleek looks, two sliding doors, nice size "toy"/luggage rack, storage compartments under the middle seats and multiple cup holders too. Easy to use fold down seating. Smaller engine but plenty of zoom and great gas mileage for what it is.

Available navigation system, manual-shifting capabilities for the automatic transmission, 3 rows + 6 seats, auto-climate control, outside temp. indicator, bright lights, roomy for a car smaller than a Camry, and a bunch of other stuff!

Compact outer design coupled with roomy interior. Handling. Sporty features on the GT (e.g. sunroof).

Handling, external style, size, heated leather seats, acceleration, interior, build quality (made in Japan), timing chain, nice interior ergonomics and design, easy access 3rd row, highway mpg.

I love the head room, but I can see where a long-legged person might suffer. Sporty feel. versatility: commuter (gas mileage), passenger mover, cargo space. Stiff ride. The fact I don't see many. Built in Japan (I hope this means very few, if any, German parts).

Minivan-style seating for 6 in a teeny, fuel efficient package. Lightweight doors and hatch let my 6 and 8 year old girls get in an out independently. Excellent sound with optional Sirius on standard 4 speaker sound system.

Our base model 5 doesn't have tons of features (which is how we wanted it), but we like the dual sliding rear doors (effortlessly open and close), optional third row (effortless set up or hide away, and we can seat up to six comfortably), and the rear lift gate. Sight lines are fantastic.

All the standard stuff...world class quality and driving fun.

The sliding doors make it so easy to get kids in and out. The stereo sounds great and the vehicle has great looks for a family car.

The automatic/manual shift feature, under-seat storage space, adequate gas mileage, good braking/handling, nicely built, solid engine with a sporty growl, nicely designed for the conservative.

Dual sliding doors; steering response; seats; visibility from the car, cargo space, quiet engine/good motor department sound proofing.

Content of car, with all the amenities, good handling, good performance, excellent quality, well laid out, still turns heads, gets comments.

4 cylinder, nice rims, outside styling.

Climate control, heated leather seats, Sirius satellite radio, available seating for 6. Sporty look and feel. Doesn't seem like a minivan - so much cooler.

Small size outside, roomy inside, very maneuverable on the highway as well as in town or in a parking lot. Low price for the features.

Good mileage; easy to use sliding doors; very flexible 2+2+2 seating and cargo room despite its compact exterior dimensions; more fun to drive and easier to maneuver than full sized vans like the Odyssey or Sienna.

For me the Mazda5 looks sporty inside and out not like a minivan, seats 6, 2nd & 3rd rows bucket seats fold flat, 2 sliding side doors & back door for hauling, sunroof, 6 CD player changer, controls on steering wheel, deep cup holders & storage everywhere. Love the versatility of this vehicle.

Highway mileage in the low 30s, city in the mid 20s. Steering, maneuvering as good as the mid sized sport sedan we used to have. Flexible interior.

