Exterior appearance only.

Our favorite feature is the Gen 5 navigation with bluetooth.

Power tailgate, sliding rear seat, great ergonomics for radio and ac. Swiveling headlight.



The interior layout isn't too bad, compared to say a GM or Ford product. The controls are very easy to use, no need to look for the manual. The HID lights are good -- but then again so is every other marque's stock HID lights.

The rear door lift button on the key and console, the seat adjustment memory, the seat heater and the sunroof is fairy quiet. I like the way the seats fold down, the little stuff-a first aid kit in the cargo area, free roadside assistance and towing.

Power rear door

Fuel economy, exterior styling, rain sensing wipers, memory power seats, std radio (its very adequate), quiet ride.

Design, seat comfort, drivetrain and transmission, mark levinson system, fact that it's a Lexus through and through! 

How well the electronic systems are integrated. Bluetooth phone, sat radio, wipers, head lights, etc., it all works all the time all together.

Love the automatic door on the back of the vehicle. The headlights are have a large span which is great. 

Power Lift-gate.

High tech and comfort features: auto dim and tilt down side mirrors, memory setting seats, powered lift tail-gate with remote, auto windshield wipers, lots of cabin lighting, cup holders. Lights up when entering or exiting, sunroof, and excellent gas mileage. 

Automatic trunk. 

Nav/back-up camera, phone controls on steering wheel, smooth ride, comfortable seats, large mirrors.

Lights are bright and turn with the steering. Awesome in the snow. High highway mileage. Reliable, little maintenance needed.

High tech and comfort features: voice command nav sys, rear view camera + auto dim and tilt down side mirrors with memory settings, bluetooth for hands free cell phone, powered lift tail-gate with remote, auto windshield wipers, lots of cabin lighting, cup holders. Lights up when entering or exiting.

I especially like the auto dim rear view and side view mirrors. It never bothers me anymore when driving at night time.

Able to zip in and out of tight places, quick acceleration, great brakes(!), nice sound system, easy to park, nice looking.

Back up camera and navigation system.

Everything else except the shifting of the transmission and computer control (drive by wire).

The seats are very comfortable and the back seats are quite good - the reclining feature is nice. The ride is like a car, so generally you can drive long distances.

Engine, build quality, size for getting around town, dealership experience: educate yourself before buying, shop around and buying this thing should be fun (except writing the check, of course).

Navigation system, bluetooth, auto liftgate.

The NAV system is number one! Also comfortable seating. The bluetooth system works great (remember the speaker is above, not in the steering wheel!), backup camera. Use of NAV screen for most controls. Great interior, exterior colors. Handles well, easy to drive. 

Touchscreen NAV, bluetooth, quiet interior, smooth power.

Power tailgate, turning lights.

Highway MPG, safety rating, Mark Levinson stereo a real treat, smooth ride, bluetooth, NAV (in french even!) auto rear lift. Backup camera is great.

Backup camera, this is a great feature; moving headlights, they really move as the car makes turns.

Power tailgate & the HID light.

Auto tailgate lift, Bluetooth capability through the stereo system.

Stylish interior. Great pick up with out sacrificing gas mileage. 

Excellent handling / very responsive (like a sports coupe). Navigation system. Mark Levinson sound system is unbelievable!! Quiet like all Lexus (this is my 2nd). Pure comfort & luxury. Excellent quality of craftsmanship. Remote & auto lifting back gate. Dual climate zones.

The lights at night how they light up the highway. Beautiful look.

Just the whole vehicle in general was built very well. AWD, and all the quiet. I think Lexus has a thoroughbred.

Navigation, interior, smooth ride.

Quiet cabin, smooth power, easy to park, adjustable heated seat control, bright lights.

Strong acceleration, nice appearance, good utliity and space without being a total land barge, generally high-quality materials.

Rear door power button. Overall look of the car.

The variety of ways to activate the rear door, the remote windows open feature, stereo is great, nav system, the beautiful wood - very stylish.

Navigation system, fuel economy, soft leather, good visibility (large windows).

The engine is very responsive, ride is excellent and of course, it makes a statement. Oh yes, the remote feature to open and close the liftgate is a real help.



My favorite items are the automatic back door opener feature and the stylish steering wheel. The stereo sounds great too!!

Backup camera, steering wheel retraction, headlights, rear door automation, rain sensors for wipers, remote key entry. Ease of gaining entry with arms full and memory seat position, etc. 

Small exterior, big interior. Good power. Smooth ride. Great seats. Rain- sensing wipers.

Mark Levinson premium sound system. Dual zone climate & heated seats. Power liftgate; quiet cabin. 

The new navigation system.

Self adjusting steerig wheel, seats and mirrors.The efficiency of the Windshield wipers. Headlights.

Beautiful leather and birdseye maple interior, wonderful climate control.

Sound system, Navigation and laser cruise control.

Smooth riding, quietness, navigation, reclining sliding back and forth rear seats, and power lift gate.

Pick-up speed on the road for passing. Electric end gate. Auto all window open from key chain. Truly enjoyable to drive.

Hoped for dependability and reliability and not having annoying and expensive service visits.

The navigation system is by far the best feature. The next best feature would have to be the auto lift rear door.

Power liftgate, water repellent windows,directional headlights, zoned climate control.

Rear power door, rear seats have track to move seat closer or further from front seats.

NAV, lighted cup holders, power rear door, wood & leather steering wheel, rear camera, organizer, voice control, automatic wipers.

Navigation is good. Handsfree clarity is great. Very quite ride, plush interior.

Headlights that adjust. Stereo system. Automatic rear door open and close. 18" tires. AWD. Body style.

Power liftgate.

Navigation and rear power door. Navigation system is very accurate and full of extra features.

Design. No gimmicky options. Standard options is close to a fully loaded BMW or Mercedes. Feel and response of the car is great. Very quiet, smooth. Stereo plays MP3 discs!!

Power steering wheel (wheel moves toward the dash when you remove the key) and power rear door are my favorite features. I love that you can have programmed certain features into the car.

Intensity headlights! Quiet ride! Trunk space! 

Bluetooth, navigation, backup camera, comfort, quiet, smooth ride, all those air bags. Lots of storage areas. Reliability and dealer are the best. Other than suggested improvements, an ideal vehicle.

Great ride over distances. Nice sound system. Feels balanced

Hard to say... I find a new feature every time I drive it! One example: subtle lights in the cupholders so you can find your coffee cup at night. Who thinks of this stuff?

Love the whole car!

I love the custom settings and the power rear door. 

Navigation system, the rear camera (sweet!), blue tooth technology, the climate control is awesome! I can have it on 66 and my husband can have his side on 70! The stereo system. Automatic seat adjuster. I can keep going.

Driver Perspective of the road. Rear-View Camera. Adaptive headlights. Driver-side knee airbags. Traction Control. All wheel drive hands-free bluetooth.

The GPS system is the easist that I have ever had and I had them from Mercedes, Volvo and BMW. The system also uses bluetooth technology that work with the phone for hands free calling.

adaptive front headlights, illuminated door sills, rear view camera, self closing hatch, real wood grain in the car.

The navigation system is great. I also like the high intensity headlights and the way the turn to light up the way when rounding a turn.

The entire car is my favorite feature!

The GPS Navigation with Bluetooth. You can pair it with your bluetooth phone and make calls through your car without taking your hands from the steering wheel. Very cool!

Excellent interior, added lighting option, backup camera, auto-leveling HID headlights, navigation system, Bluetooth wireless, smooth but firm/sporty ride, all wheel drive, strong engine (finally), Lexus quality and customer service.

