Looks, Drive-ability(when it's running safely), the electric side doors(also when they work)and the interior comfort.

ESC, it doen't drive like a mini van, can't understand why this isn't standard on all cars, trucks, and vans.

I love the rear backing sensors & how the vehicle handles on the road; very trustworthy

Enough seating for family and friends. Lots of cup holders.

Fold down rear seats. Good standard features (separate climate controls for driver, passenger, and rear), functional front and center consoles, easy control features.

basic function/ no thrills but does what it was designed to do, haul people.

Although, I have not been to any accident, I just hope the air bags (rear side curtains, front and side) would work because honestly when I bought this vehicle - SAFETY was the top priority.

Love that the safety features come standard, which they should in any vehicle you purchase. Love how our family of 5 fits along with our great dane and our pit bull, along with all our bags. Can haul alot of big items inside as well. 

The dealership is wonderful. Love the size of the van.

Good roadside assistance. That is good because I promise you will need it repeatedly



In floor storage of third row seats, audio controls on steering wheel, doulble glove box, lots of storage areas, power side doors and rear hatch makes loading and unloading very easy, 3 zone climate controls ensures everyone's comfort.

interior design is well done. fun to drive. doors fit good. 2nd row seats adjust foward and back. dash designed very well

 Standard traction and stability control. The 13 speaker sound system with 6 disc cd and dvd with surround sound. Power sliding side doors with operable windows.

everything.

Electroluminescent dash is awesome. Great Infinity system. Power rear liftgate, again awesome. Heated leather seats (Wisconsin). Rear folding seats are excellent. Plenty of engine power. Overall, we would love this van if it weren't for the engine/transmission issue! We just want it fixed!

Sound system, beautiful interior, stow and go seating, wood grain dash and great leather seating. Power remote liftgate. 

Power doors and liftgate. Infinity speakers and surround sound. Power adjustable brake and gas pedal. Powered side rear windows. Powered sunroof. Wireless headphones. Video input right next to 12V outlet allows for external gaming systems to be played on the monitor with V converter. 

Comfort and layout - I can buckle my toddlers in the back with no trouble! I also love the traction and stability control - both standard. After the tire warning light came on (another standard feature), I love it too. It saved me from a certain blowout when a nail was found diagonally in my sidewall!

Safety features, strong brakes, responsive engine, the whole package is well-thought out. Back up sensors.

I like all the features on my vehicle and it would be very hard to try to narrow it down to one favorite feature. I am very pleased with all the electronic doors that open either with the key pad or just a tug on the door, but that is a feature on most new vans.

Side Windows, power sliding doors, and lift gate with safety feature. Kids won't get fingers pinched.



DVD with surround sound.Infinity speakers. Power doors and liftgate.

The all wheel traction and the folding seats in the rear. Also, the headrests being able to adjust both up and down and forward or back.

quiet handles great with great brakes.

comfort warming seats you sit up high

Everything! Interior comfort, roomey. Great pick-up compared to other mini vans I have previously owned.

Supurb ride quality. Rear electric windows that go down. Engine "growl" when you punch it. This vehicle could freeze meat if you wanted it too. Great air.

power, room space, seat memory, heated seat, ESP, safty features...

My Entourage gets 20.5 miles per gallon.

The convenience of the seat adjustment & the fuel release button all right at your reach on the door panel.The dual heating and air conditioning helps keep everyone comfortable.The automatic tailgate & the rear passenger windows that go 1/2 way down are great, & the well lit instrument panel.

Eletronic Stability Control,Traction Control System,4 wheel anti-lock brakes Tire Pressure Monitor System.The Front Seat Side Airbags,Side Curtain Airbags, Active Front Head Restraints.The 3.8L V6MPI-DOHC engine.5 speed auto w/shiftronic function,4 wheel disc brakes.Infinity Audio/CD/DVD/Surround.

I have a limited with the ultimate package which is a bit pricey but compared to the honda and toyota still turned out to be a bargin.all the toys, whats not to like.......

Interior, leg room, options, price, rear side door windows open and close, good looks and more than enough power.

The auto doors and hatch- Makes shopping SO easy. For even more convenience, buy the optional cargo net- no more bending! The power, leather seats. Tri-climate air conditioning make hot FL summers bearable.

The stow and go rear seating, the convenience features such as the movable middle forward tray table. 



Standard air bags(optional on Toyota) VSC Traction control power everything........... Way to go.....You will not be dissapointed...



3 power doors, amazing sound and video system, good seats all around, great visibilty and ride.

horsepower,standard traction and stability control. sound system, power sliding doors and power windows on sliding doors. warranty!!

That safety is not an option in these vehicles. Sure the stereo,and all the other bells an whistles are great. But honestly, they should be when we're talking about my hard earned money. I do like the multi positional arm rests

everything



Adjustable volume control for sound system on steering wheel

There are so many features that both my wife and I love it's hard to pick out the favorites. The multiple climate controls for driver, passenger and rear makes everyone comfortable, along with the heated seat. The DVD has great quality. With all the options it hard to name them all.

Sporty look, feels like you're driving a much smaller car, great power, great sound, amazing waranty. I could go on and on. We love our van!

Power doors and liftgate, stereo, engine power/torque (this thing gets up and goes), comfortable seats, 2 driver memory on drivers seat that recognizes key fobs. Interior quality is great. Dual glove compartments with deviders (better than Odyssey's). 

sound system, power sliding side doors standard in SE. Great horsepower.

Engine performance/power. Dual sliding doors. Power rear windows in rear also go down. Seat flexibility. Dash layout is very eye appealing.

stow and go seating in rear, power doors

Power, Dvd, 13 speakers w/660watts of power, Chrome handles, Etc.......

Remote controlled side doors, roominess and quietness. 2nd row bucket seats. very cool in all 3 rows.

enough standard options

Excellent blend of comfort & function. Quiet on the street or the highway. Leather qualtiy if much better than in 2001. Can't wait for the wireless headphones to come in, it allows my raido and their DVD to play at the same time. Adjustible seat Convex conversation mirror is a nice touch!





Options, 6 CD changer, electronic shifter, ESC, ETC. Larger engine to star off with 3.9. Not just a 3.3



design and comfort.

Great Interstate cruiser, great power, smooth, eats up the highway.... Interior design with beige interior and wood grain looks really nice. I like the trip computer with constant updated fuel economy, outside temp, direction, and travel clock. 

Excellent features and built Quality. Smooth ride. Large interior space.

Seating is very comfortable. Backup sensors. Power back and side doors. Great Radio and sound system. Easy to enter and get out of. Third row fold down seats.

My favorite feature is the second windows that go down. Also like how the back seats fold into the floor.

* Looks - beautiful van inside & out. * Gas consumption - as stated. * Comfort - cloth seats are great (would never buy leather seats) w/lumbar support for driver. * Reliability - so far so good. * Dealer service - these guys treat us respectfully. * Dual climate control, tire psi indicator, etc.

Style, Automatic Doors (when they work), Comfort and Power.

Power doors including rear, variable arm rests, comfort of seats.

Power equipment

Good External Look, Folding Rear Seat Combination, Shiftronic Transmission, Cup Holders, Bottle Holders, CD, smooth ride and less noise while on the road. Good Highway Mileage. Safety Features and Warranty with Roadside Assistance. Electronic Stability Control as Standard Feature.

Quick for such a heavy vehicle. Comfortable. Surprisingly efficient if you drive it slowly. It is very heavy and feels solidly built. Safety features are reassuring. Electronic Stability Control makes the vehicle stay planted and stable like a car without revealing it's presence like ABS does.

radio,dvd for the kids and lots of extras that came with the van with no extra cost..........

Drives very nice, comfortable.

Styling is much better than higher priced models from competitors, and the price is very attractive for what you get. Middle doors have automatic windows which are very convenient.

Appearance; simplistic not gaudy, 4 water bottle holders, 10 cup holders, 60/40 split folding rear seats, tasteful and functional design, torque, acceleration, & shiftronic transmission. Great for those who miss the "feel" of driving a vehicle with a M/T. Overall a great family car, kudos Hyundai.

Stereo and radio volume control on steering wheel. 

Windows on sliding doors go down. Memory seat (and mirrors and power pedals) that adjusts depending on which remote you use. Placement of power closing door and tailgate buttons. 



Rear DVD system Cargo space (rear folding seats)

Sliding doors both sides and folding seat in rear 

sliding door windows go down.

The dual climate controls are nice up front, and the kids do enjoy the DVD player while we are driving.

Power doors (wish I held out for a liftgate too), 6 disc changer, DVD system with wireless headphones, three temp control zones plus "auto" control a/c, all the power outlets, fold flat seats.

Power, Design

Great space. Love the fold down and removable seats.

Many ways to operate the automatic sliding doors. Automatic dual temperature control standard for mid- model. Very powerful, good pick up. Very spacious, lots of room for seven. 

I do like the sliding doors, however ours do not act right 100% of the time...another complaint. The seat controls and gas door opener on the door is very convenient. 

great sound system and comfort. dual air condition controls.

Sound and entertainment systems, convenience features and overall design. 

Fabric seats clean up well. Fold flat rear seats. Good visibility. Outside detailing looks cooler than other vans, appears smaller but has great room. Feels solid, like driving a Ford. Easy to clean, nice rims. Heated seats. Center console for front seats. Lotsa cubbies. Best van for safety

Wonderful driving experience with the smoothest ride and plenty of head room and leg room. The very powerful engine and transmission. Electric side doors and back hatch are great. The gas door is locked. Every feature is a favorite feature. The movie system is wonderful, My grand kids love it.

Safety and comfort.

Power sliding doors, fold flat third row, all of the airbags, 3 Zone automatic climate control, Insurance Institute Best Pick award = low insurance cost (less than my 2000 Mitsubishi Mirage), warranty

Me: Cruise, Leather, Automatic side doors and tailgate. Family : DVD player

Dual pw doors, standard CD/Stereo sound system, quality of interior with wood trim, heated seats, strong power, has so fast pickup you almost have to be careful cause it picks up speed fast. Nice standard warranty, we also purchased extended 10y bumper to bumper. Quiet smooth ride.

Heated Seats, Heating Zones, Electric seat Adj. location on the door,Power Doors, Comfort of seating, Safty Features, 

The color, my first brand new vehicle so I got to put my own body's formation in the driver's seat

Power doors and liftgate, Rear DVD with great surround sound, Leather Interior, Sunroof, Acceleration is very quick, Dual Climate Controls, Warranty, Price that is thousands less than Honda or Toyota, and Overall quality is more than what you pay for. 

outside look, rims, tires, dvd player, dualaircontrols front and rear, safety doorlocks,backupwaringsignal,headlight in dark places on bright are better than others,rides like a more luxury car .Adjustable seats.

Outstanding fuel mileage, excellent handing and ride comfort, excellent visibility, strong drivetrain, comfortable seats, top safety rating

The van is very comforable and stable at high speeds.

Spacious interior

Van rides smooth. Has great power. 

Automatic sliding doors, comfortable seats, great visibility, ultra-quiet ride, huge list of standard features, best git-up-n-go of any van we test drove. 

The 3 zone climate controlls are great. Hide away 3rd row seats. Plenty of cup holders and compartments. 

I love every inch of the car. The DVD system, the Surround Sound stereo, the leather seats. Power opening doors side & rear. Even the factory floormats (optional) are as amazing quality.

Dual power sliding doors, DVD, Dual climate controls. Quiet and comfortable ride.

Smooth quiet ride, nice handling on mountain roads, front seats are comfortable, like the faux wood on the dash and leather wrapped steering wheel.

Styling, performance, ride, interior comfort, safety features, "bells and whistles," price.

Lots of amenities, thousands cheaper than the Sienna, Oddessey, atleast take a look!!

There is not one thing on the vehicle that I don't like. I guess my favorite is the passing gear and super power that you get when you pass another car. Middle electric window is great. Rear sensing unit is fantastic! Automatic settings for steering, peddles, and seats.

Heated cloth Seats - Almost rear ended someone - stopped so well I couldn't believe it - saved my neck!!!! I really zip around in this big thing as though it were a little sports car - you have to test drive it. Even my husband loves it and he has a Cadillac CTS. Amazingly agile compared to Honda

Tilted side mirrors on reverse, rear parking sensor, tiptronic transmission and 250hp engine, pwr sliding doors/liftgate.

Body style, smooth, quiet ride; number 1 in safety features, plenty of interior room, excellent acceleration, lots of features for the money.

Leather seats, power doors, stereo/dvd, plenty of power to move the vehicle when you need it. Lots of room for the kids and all their stuff.

Power sliding doors, power windows, responsive brakes, very smooth and quiet ride

all the safety equipment, the ride, and the interior. 

My kids love the power side doors & I like the power liftgate when my hands are full. I think the most impressive feature is the quality of the ride & the comfort of the seats. It also has an awesome surround sound when watching movies!

Safety features and spaciousness of interior/stowable seats.

Radio DVD 660 watts, slap shift 5 speed automatic, appearance of car, spirited accelerationThe Honda has the conventional 5 speed where you can?t ?slap? shift the gears on mountain type roads. Also the Hyundai has four child anchors for baby seats while the Honda only has three. 

6-speaker standard for GLS and the storage area in the back.

Heated seats, power pedals, back up sensors, the audio system rocks. At night, the dashboard looks awesome. But for the gas prices, I'd be driving it for just the sheer joy of sitting behind the wheel.

Moon roof, Leather seats, dual power doors and power tailgate are awesome. Our previous van didn't have power windows or locks which was a pain.

Heated seats, power equipment, comfortable seats, good visibility and plenty peppy. I enjoy both CD and cassette ability. Sound system is very good.Tilt wheel is a must for me. 

Horsepower and 6 disc CD with entertainment system. 8 in sub in the back and surround sound!!

Outer appearance...Does not look like a minivan.

Power doors and lifgate, DVD and Infinity surround sound system, comfortable ride, slit folding flat third row.

DVD player, all the compartments and cup holders, rear folding seats were thoughtfully designed. LOVED, loved, loved the rear windows rolling down like in a car, so nice!!!

Leather, moonroof, automatic climate control, power everything for $30k.

Engine, warranty, power 2nd row windows, 3rd row hide away seats. Bucket seats are very comfortable. Exterior styling. Saftey features are std on every model

The only thing I wish was available on the SE model was a power rear hatch. The climate control system is a bit confusing for my wife (and me).

Wonderful style and soft riding are favorite. 

Modern, sophisticated interior design, not quirky like other makes. Shiftronic transmission very nice feature. And the little nonadvertised things: auto-tilt mirrors when reversing, smart rearview mirror, key- coded seat memory, a functional and removable center console. The back-up sensor is a must

Exterior & Enterior Features are great

power driver leather seat, computer trip calculator, power sliding doors and tailgate and etc.

Comfortable styling and beautiful interior...

I liked the power and the handling. My wife likes the space and features. We both like the safety and warranty. I am anxious to witness its reliability.

Very easy & accessible 3rd row.

was delighted 2 c shortly after i bought the vehicle that it received the highest safety rating (five stars) for minivans! also, the price speaks for itself, as no other van that we could find had as many features in this price range, especially the rear power lift gate. 

control convience comfort i am 6-3 tall room,power

Power doors,The rear windows open ,Ultimate Package

Airbags everywhere, automatic tire pressure gauges which tell you when your tires need air, tons of storage and fold away seats.

Power,warranty,appearance,and build quality.

