The radio, sunroof, doors, windows, engine etc., everything!!!

Exterior design of vehicle is first rate! Very sleek looking interior. Great sound system.

Fosgate audio system

powerful engine, exhaust note, comfort, cargo room, decent MPG for HP

Looks/Safety/Price/Warranty/Driving/Rockford System = Kick your head Sounds/Decent Performance/MPG for a 2.4L/Reliable/Lights/Braking/Features.

Looks. Sound system. Dash lights at night. Rear sun deck cover keeps things stored in the rear out of sight.

the look of the interior and exterior, gas mileage, sound system

Exterior. The design, I feel, helps to take turns really fast. The racer seats are very comfortable for long trips (which I take often).

Powerful V-6 engine, Rockford-Fosgate stereo, sunroof, sweet exhaust note, baseball stitched gearshift, and the backseat. That was the deal maker for me over a two seat coupe, as I have twin 3 yr. olds that ride with me.

Stereo is unbelievable, power is amazing, ride is superb, top is one-button operation which is done in 19 seconds, and is completely hidden under a power tonneau top. Ice Blue gauge lighting, heated front seats, automatic climate control, traction control, MIVEC V6 power, 6-speed manual transmission.

I love the ride as well as the complete riding experience. I also love the Rockford sound system, which anyone should request when purchasing one of these vehicles. and do not be afraid of the small engine, it is plenty

Styling, Modifications.

Interior lights, exterior looks, sound system, and fold down seats are great. Pretty comfy to sleep on if you must, and I have twice. Steering wheel buttons are great for quick access.

Looks, sound system, dash and backlighting, 4cyl engine has pretty good power.



Styling and design but innovative. Love the nitetime interior dash lighting. Rear hatch very convenient. 

Get up and go, blue LED lights on dash, racing style seats, big body, 4cyl.

Exhaust sounds awesome, fosgate stereo, sunroof

Speed, sexy looks inside and out with chrome lined gauges and blue display lights. Nice cd player. good sized trunk with fold down back seats. Great pick up for a 4 cylinder(don't listen to the editor reviews this thing can go for what sized motor it has). The many airbags, and safety features.

Body style and powerful engine for a 4cylinder. 

Exterior styling. Unique headlight with magnifying lenses - looks like spectacles mounted infront of the halogen bulbs. Sun and Sound - Rockford Fosgate 6CD 650W system. Aero body trim with manta ray air dam. 

The power of the engine and the "roll" with the chasis. Cornering is a charm.

Powerful engine, handling, backseat and cargo space (for a coupe), exterior styling, Rockford Fosgate stereo.

Exterior design, engine noise, torque, sound system, the sunset color! I love the transmission and the clutch and the position of the pedals, very smooth and perfect for heal and toe, neon interior lights, handling, very reliable powertrain.

Exterior and interior style, blue gauges, rear lights, handles great, has some punch after 3,000 rpm and over 30 mph.

Sun/moon roof, 6 CD changer.

Acceleration, looks, appeal.

Indash 6 disc changer, the sunroof, the lighting, and the sound system.

The Premium with Accessories package is a MUST get on the GT. Floor it and wave goodbye to the other cars.

The Fosgate 650W 9 speaker stereo system blows away the previous cheap Infinity stereo. The ice blue interior lighting and the comfortable heated leather seats add to the enjoyment of this ride.

The 3.8L engine performance and how it is so cool looking.

The 650 Watt stereo, blue gauge lighting, sunroof, body design, how the engine has surprising power and pickup when you get in the 4,000 rpm torque band, and the Gear box is smooth and positive. Its handling is OK without excessive body roll.

I love the design, inside and out. The quality appears very good in both and it has some character, unlike the Honda Civic Si which I found to be painfully plain on both counts. I also love the intuitive and easy to use controls. The blue interior lighting is also very sharp.

The acceleration and sound system. The seats are supportive, but not necessarily comfortable nor adjustable optimally.

The looks, blue and red interior lights, and Patriotic. The Sun & Sound package is a must.

I love the shifting and the looks from other drivers on the road.

I like the Sun and Sound package, the combination of small leather fold down back seats and a hatch back - a choice you cannot get with the Solstice, Sky, or the RX- 8, the feel - smooth ride, weight is a bonus not a handicap! I also like the sportstronic transmission. The side air bags and safety features are a bonus.

The interior and exterior appearance, extremely comfortable front seats, roomy interior, and great sound system. It has a very good ride and handling and plenty of pep for a 4-cylinder.

The exterior design, the engine's torque, the tail lights, the blue LEDs on the dash, the windows that go up and down when you open and shut the door, and the key fob that has everything built in on the key.

The speed and handling are great! Put an 4A racing muffler on it and everyone notices it! WOW!

I love darn near everything about this car!

The body styling, price, and warranty. Its gas milage is pretty good.

The exterior styling, sound system, awesome brakes, sunroof, pretty much EVERYTHING! This car is very fun to drive. 

The styling, power, stereo, fuel economy, cargo space, and smooth manual shift box.

The awesome Rockford Fosgate sound system and the manual gate shift option on automatics.

The interior lights on the dashboard, the ease of changing the audio controls, and the windows that go down slightly when you open the door and close when you shut the door. I love the dome light my old car didn't have one. The rear hatch doesn't seem as heavy as my old one. I love the shape of the car

I like how this car is fun to drive, has a great interior and exterior apperance. and has a good sound system with the 10 inch sub.

The blue lighting of the guages and the comfortable seats.

The sun and sound package is a must! The audio controls on the steering wheel are awesome. I love the ice blue and green color combination.

The acceleration.

The 650 watt 9 speaker stereo system blows away the previous cheap Infinity stereo. Of course, the self-hiding soft top is way cool, as are the blue LED dashboard lights. The seats provide ultimate comfort and the all new Spyder style turns out to be something I'm beginning to love...

