

Firm Seats

Drivers seat is good and road gas mileage is good handling is very good.

Heated leather seats, 6-CD changer, towing ability, self-leveling rear, DVD player, folding second row (use it when camping, tons of stuff will fit in the back), rear seat legroom, cargo capacity, impressive gas mileage for size and weight, bright easy-to-read gauges, timeless sleek exterior design.

Motor, motor, motor. Get the 4.0 L if you buy one. Highway comfort is outstanding - this car is a real cruiser. Standard sattellite radio is a plus. Headlights are stylish and they throw a nice clear beam. The radio controls on the steering wheel is a nice touch as well.

Ride is great. Interior is great. 4.0 l V6 is not great on fuel, BUT the trade off seems OK.

Sharp Looks, Great Performance and Imperial like Comfort. 

From the outside it looks like a nice car.



Leather seats and steering wheel contrlos for the radio/CD player and cruise.

AWD this car is a tank in bad weather, It outperforms all SUVs. 

Heated seats, rear camera group,the new 4 Liter engine getting 20 miles/G on the first tank. 6 speed auto stick fun to use. Power liftgate great when I loaded packages. 

Vehicle flexibility - comparable to a minivan, but with slightly less volume.

Back up Camera Lights Ease of adjusting seats Cirius Radio

feeling of leather , wood trip cockpit, and Boston acct sound system..

200 watt Infinity Stereo, MP3. Audio controls on steering wheel. Safety features all standard. Styling and dual zone AC/Heat

New engine and six speed transmisson. Also GPS and backup.



The way it rides, how much power it has, 6 speed transmission, comfort, room, Stereo, steering wheel cruise, & Stereo controls. I put new tires on it, with raised white lettering, It just look's, and drives Great! I love It! Other people comment on how nice it looks as well.

We bought the touring awd model and have found it to be a good car. I am not happy with the depreciation rate but that is a common problem with many domestic cars. We plan to keep the car for a long time so the resale value is not the most important factor. AWD and 5 star crash ratings rule!



Roomy. Great for families with children. Handles well

Gets 18/26 mpg when I drive normal. Great interior. Fit and finish are quite good. Rides real nice (except for the annoying clunk - working on that with the resident engineer who says he can tell the dealer what to replace - at least I have that option - what about the REAL customers out there?

Heated seats and rear bucket heated seats. Roomy.

Interior environment and comfort; ease of driving

overall look 

Back-up camera, UConnect, DVD changer for kids in back seat

I like everything about this car, especially the comfort.

handle and transmission

seats, Intermezzo stereo (optional) ride

Quiet refined smooth ride. Unbelievable comfort. Stereo sounds great and climate controls easy to use. Seats very comfortable and unlimited power settings for seat.Plenty of room for cargo as well as people for the nice night out with friends. Feels like a very expensive luxury car.

4.0L Engine, 6sp Transmission, road height, cargo space, leg room front & back

Backup Camera, Sirius Radio, and power rear liftgate.

Power Liftgate, Heated second row seats, and back-up camera.

Style,comfort and all the features it has.

We like the dual temperature controls, large interior, 3 row seating & easy of entry/exiting. It drives/handles like a European automobile. The Sound system is great! The overall design is excellent. It's a great value as a used auto since we paid $16K + a 1993 Chevy Conversion van as a trade.

Dual air, steering wheel volume and cruise controls, sunglass holder, big console in front and on second row, very very comfortable!!

3rd row, decent gas mileage for 6 passenger crossover, lots of room

Roomy leather interior. Fuel mileage(for its size). Seating flexibility. High seating position. AWD. Hauls all my wife's "stuff" on road trips.

Everything! The people who get poor fuel mileage have a heavy foot. If we drove with a heavy foot we too could get poor mpg. This is a fantastic vehicle

It handles great. I love the acceleration and the smoothness of the ride. The controls on the steering wheel are sure handy for turning down the radio. My car was purchased used (program car) and I have not had any problems with it. Love the interior.

Styling, Sig. Series interior scheme. Backup camera, rear park assist, heated seats, rear seat DVD, 3rd row seating flexibility, navigation placed in instrument cluster.

memory for each driver, dvd player, sat radio, peppyness... liftgate...and of course the styling

Seat controls, back seat space, Hatch space, driving ease, 

Quality of drive, plenty of seating room. So far extremely pleased with the gas mileage.

all

Auto rear lift-gate! Also the exterior looks.

see above. Independent rear suspension is a big plus. It cost me $80 LESS than the Town and Country LXi AWD minivan I factory ordered in 1997, which I still have (63000 miles).

Has all of the bells and whistles and rides and handles with the best.

Backup camera and collision avoidance system. Stereo is great.

Safety rating, powertrain warrenty, visibility, heated seats, ease of getting in and out, driving confort. Very comfortable driving machine for long road trips. Great handling and fun on mountain roads,interstates, byways and backroads. 

Interior layout, motor, tranny...up- scale luxury feel. The 6 speed mated with the 4.0 makes for a nice set-up. Not much to not like. I love the climate system! 

Transmission performance - power hatch - navigation system

GPS in the center of the speedometer, 3rd row seatng. Analog clock!

Love the size and comfort. Also love the seats.

Low first gear for acceleration, styling, engine power, seat heaters front and back. I can't say enough about the drive train performance. I have a 68 charger and a 4.7L Dakota and love speed. I expected the Pacifica to be a dog but I was completely wrong. The 4.0L and 6sp trans really work great. 

Styling of the outside and inside is well designed and user friendly. The power that comes from the 4.L engine with the 6 speed transmission is really great. The lifetime warranty is unheard of, this vehicle may well be my last! One thing stands out that's the quality of materials and workmanship!

Comfort of seats, great design; looks great, almost everything!

I like the radio controls on the steering wheel like my Titan is easy to get used to having that right there. I like the dual and rear air also. The 4wd works great but havent tested it in the snow yet. I also like how all four windows go down with one push of the botton and the rear seats go down easy.

Style, power, looks and comfort.

Comfortable seats, smooth ride, looks great. Lifetime power train warranty is awesome.

All the nice gizmos. Back up, blue tooth, heated seats, power liftgate

Auto liftgate, Sirus - free for 1 year, DVD for the kids, 2nd row console - less fights.

Sound system, Auto-stick, heat seating

The wrap-around cockpit, front seat, great looks. Even got comments from a Starbucks employee!

Radio and backup camera.

Smooth, comfortabe ride. Styling. Safety. Cargo space.



Seat and mirror position and radio station maintained in memory. Doesn't matter who drives, no adjustment is needed. Blue tooth enabled handsfree cellphone operation...Neat

rear backupcamera and navigation system is easy to use andnavigatge

Driver 8 way seat, radio hand controls on steering wheel,

Steering wheel controls, handling, pickup, power liftgate

Nav system, power tailgate, 4 heated seats, great economy on a trip.

Fun to drive

They like the smooth, quite ride and handling. All the "gizmos" to, that come with the Touring. 

Its price seems really reasonable for all you get

I love the rear view back-up camera and the GPS system.



Leather/suede heated seats. Navigation system. I use maps but great enhancement though. Backup camera is good for tight spots. Satellite radio, no comercials! 

Nav system in dash, back-up camera, Sirrius radio.

4.0 engine, 6 speed, GPS 

Engine, gear, and exterior style.

Seating for 6. Safety rating. Performance, handling, and bang for the buck. Nav system, backup camera, and rear backup sensor.

Heated leather seats and 10 way adjustable seats

Navigation in dash, 6 DVD changer, heated front and REAR seats, power lift gate, rear camera, tilt down mirrors when in reverse, Aux video and audio inputs, sirius sat radio, tri-colored signature series interior package

the kids (4) love the dvd player, and the fact that they can hook up the X box. I like the fact that the IPOD is easy to hook up, Separate seats are wonderful and even the third row is large enough for my 13 yr old to sit. the middle console and cup holders are a god sent. I love the sound system

The ride is quiet and comfortable on long trips at 65 mph it is very stable on the interstates, even passing big truck rids. The navigation system allowed me to navigate through a snow storm with 0 visibility. I drove in 2 snow and ice storms with the AWD and the Electronic stabilizing it was awesome

The backup camera makes hooking up to my boat trailer sinfully easy. No more guessing where you are. I got the Signature package and like all the bells and whistles that came with it. Great sound system.



Controls on the steering wheel for cruise control and Radio/Satellite/CD. I love the power liftgate, both up AND down! The second row seats having a reclining feature is a BIG hit with my son and his friends. They all say, "This is the life!" when they get in there.

8 way power adjustable drivers seat, ride is fantastic, looks gorgeous, quality inside and out is amazing.

Power and relative economy of 4.0 and 6 speed Autostick. Passenger Room in the first and second rows. Making Side Curtains airbags and ESP standard for 07'. The ride and handling characteristics. 

Exterior is very sleek. Very comfortable ride. Car hugs the road. Lots of space for carrying family and all their things. 

Engine power Quietness when cruising on highway Control location for power seats Power liftgate 

style,interior,performance,reliability & safety..2007 

love the seats, they are roomy

Plenty of interior space and comfortable

All controls on steering wheel, navigation, rear back up camera and sensors, awesome sound system. VERY quiet ride....the list goes on and on.....the heated seats are great!

