sunroof, looks, great family car. great drive. instrument cluster very elegant and intuitive, smooth ride with general altimax tires, good car overall.



Interior build quality, fit/finish surprisingly good. Great stereo and navigation system, comfortable front seats.

SRX is fun to drive, powerful, comfortable, totally efficient on ice and snow. Large sunroof is nice.

Rides and handles well for a heavy vehicle. V8 growl, 3rd-row flexibility, intuitive integrated audio and navigation, seats are plush and supportive.

A great driver. Excellent power and handling. 

Complimentary Cadillac everytime car is in shop for repair.... which is a lot!



Fun to drive. Sunroofs. DVD player. OnStar 

X band radio and power

The looks, the power, and the 20 inch wheels. The view from the front and rear with the sport grille and 4 inch tailpipe tips is awesome. 

Ride and handling, balance, luxury, 2nd row comfort, front end style. 

Quiet, smooth and good handling.

Sunroof, OnStar, hands free phone, interior comfort. No road noise. Very fun to drive. We also have a Corvette but since getting the SRX...it does not get driven nearly as often.

Performance, comfort, and utility

The Magnar ride suspension really transforms this large vehicle in a fun to drive large car while retaining the excellent quality of comfort. Ultraview sunroof is great! Really opens the car up, feels allmost like a convertible, yet without buffeting or noise levels of one. 

Roomy seats, surround sound

I love the security of having OnStar! The Ultraview sunroof is amazing! The third row seat that folds flat to maximize cargo space but having the availability to push a button and have seats for two additional people when needed.

6 speed manual shift with auto transmission, DVD for the kids, open sky roof. Magnetic comfort ride makes it a dream on back roads. Bose sound system is awesome!

Interior, seats, XM radio with premium Bose is awesome, beautiful large sunroof, onstar, driving experience, view, 3rd row seats when needed, quietness, handling, discreet cadillac branding on exterior, hands-free phone, driving computer, modern design, magnetic ride suspension, AWD system, power.

Visibility, ride, quality of interior amenities, huge number of standard features, 

The interior redesign is incredible, nothing like previous SRX's. The wood color is awesome. The feel of the panels is soft/elegant. It's loaded with standard features that are options on many other cars and trucks, such as the power liftgate and Bose stereo. The TC/Stab control and the RWD platform makes it handle great.

I love the interior and XM radio. The electric rear hatch is very convenient.

Drivability

The Navigation system.

The V8 Northstar and all wheel drive.

The super smooth ride with the magnetic ride control. I love the Northstar V8 engine. The handling around curves is like a sports car.

The exterior and interior styling, superior ride and handling, excellent acceleration with the Northstar V8, and how it has plenty of Cadillac type amenities. Plus it is assembled in an American factory with mostly American parts. 



The V6 engine's power, Bose radio with satellite XM, comfort, and quiet ride.

The exterior design -- there's nothing similar to it on the road. Also, the Bose sound system is really good, and the seats are very comfortable on long trips. I especially like the solid feel of this car on all kinds of road surfaces.

The comfort, heated three way seats, easy to see the road, and luxurious interior.

The sound system is great and the XM radio is a plus. It has a very quiet ride and the large sunroof is great. Also, the all wheel drive great in the rain. It really holds the road.

The handling, looks, and how it has proven to be dependable.

