leather power seats,dual climate control,steering wheel controls for stereo,power sliding rear window, awesome chrome 20 inch wheels.

Happy that GM was around to make a 67 Nova that I own(Dosent burn oil either)

I really like the design of truck inside & out, but I would give that up for a better built truck with less eye catching looks! With today's demand for power, why not add more 12v outlets & more engine power in even the work truck. Why a 4.8 and why not just put the 5.3 in all trucks? Not smart

Towing power, fuel economy, styling, interior fit/finish/comfort. 

Heated wipers, cleans bugs off the windsheild very well, controls, leg room, I am 6'3", comfortable bucket sets, remote start.

Great v eight sound, quiet engine, smooth ride

Interior, remote start, heated seats

I love the lines on the body of this truck. Everything fits well and symmetrical.

Remote starter ,reduced glare driver mirrors. XM radio. Steering wheel cruise and radio controls. Performance and ride. Back-up warning sensor. Large storage console. 

I like the tow manners and the power to make it happen. The gas mileage is good but not as good as the last one with the same engine.



Comfortable seats and smooth V8.

The exterior of the the truck is tough looking and gets alot of head turners, i have added spray in bedliner and soon exhaust is upon the way. the suspension is tough and ruff. I love this truck. The radio is good and the headlights are great.



The design of the dashboard and interior trim.

OnStar

It drives like a Cadillac!

Remote start, 403hp, 6-speed transmission, exterior looks, interior design, 20inch wheels/tires

The flex-fuel and the power. Knowing that my family is safe. OnStar

Interior design and quality. Body design. Stereo. Exterior paint. Feels very planted on the road.

Quiet and smooth ride, locking rear differential, all of the redesigned features, placement of knobs & switches, quality build, fit, & finish; looks, handling....in short everything

The variable fuel technology was the selling point. Smoothly transitioning between 8 cylinders and 4, the average mileage on the interstates is 21-22 mpg. Around town, I am getting 17.5-19 mpg. Show me another truck that is doing that and offering the beautifully designed, ergonomic interiors.

Sounds system. Just thumps the whole truck. Engine. Very robust and powerful. Dual climate control - keeps everyone happy.

I love the remote start-very handy on cold mornings. The 170 deg opening rear doors and roll down windows is really nice-easy to load stuff into the back. The tranny shifts real smooth. OnStar is great. Best part is the front-get looks and comments all the time.

The hybrid engine was the selling point.

Remote start, XM satellite radio, heated seats, rear park assist.

The ride

403 hp

The engine is smooth, powerful, and has just the right quality and volume of sound effects. The Bose stereo is awesome! The interior is exceptionally well designed and attractive. I tried out the Auto Trac in the rain and it controlled wheel spin phenomenally well. I'm getting about 17 mpg overall

OnStar, driver info, XM, rear assist, good hauling capacity, good looking, safety features, lots of room

OnStar, Tire pressure sensors are standard! The comfort, the space, the storage, the looks, the interior fit and finish is BMW quailty. The warranty! As nice as this truck is , it is a tough work truck with gobs of power. GMC really put a lot of design effort into this truck, a great value. 

Great ride! Rack & pinion steering. Decent fuel economy. Averaged 20 MPG on first road trip. I love the designs of the hood and tailgate. The cabin is very spacious with good visibilty. I like the double glove boxes and three cup holders in the middle seat storage compartment. Color - Silver Birch!

The well insulated cab, low road noise. The almost no bump ride, comparison to the Cadillac! You will not believe it until you drive it.



Style, feels like a quality vehicle,great ride.



Looks, Auto 4WD, XM radio, reverse sensors, 5.3L V8. 

20 inch rims, remote start, quiet ride, crew cab back seats folding up leaving flat floor for carrying stuff. Overall looks of truck. Overall build quality.

Everything!

Rear sensors, OnStar, XM radio, seat console-tons of storage-some lockable, power, handling, comfort, gas savings (V-8/V-4), driver and car info (oil life and instantaneous mpg's), radio knobs on steering wheel, auto-4wheel drive, trailoring package, comfort package, off-road package, sexy for a truck

Remote start. Dual zone a/c. Overall looks. Best on the market in this department.

Power, looks, and overall comfort. Locking differential most likely a better choice than the 4wd. Quality is very high.

My favorite features are the satellite radio and the 6.0 ltr. V8 engine. 

Abundant storage, split folding rear seats, dash design, steering wheel stereo controls, remote start, power roll down rear windows, and the stealth gray color (get compliments on it almost weekly)! My combined mileage is 18 MPG. Great for a full size truck with this kind of power.

Back up assist, or warning and OnStar.

Design and comfort and really good.

Sleek interior, tight lines, quality materials, all of the convienences, roomy interior, OnStar, front grille, quiet ride. 

Folding mirrors, mirrors that tilt down when you back up, wipers that sense rain. The 6.2L and 6 spd tranny- fun fun fun. Seats are seemingly infinitely adjustable, my wife loves 'em. The manual shift thing but I really haven't had time to play with it yet!

The look. Beautiful interior and fit and finish are second to none. Love the remote start feature on my SLT package and nice to have rear sensors for backing-up. XM satellite radio has been a nice touch as well.

I'm enjoying all the great toys that GM has added to this vehicle. The 20" wheels, the remote start, the power folding mirrors, lighted vanity mirrors, automatic lights, power rear window, XM radio, beautiful and beautifully laid out interior, easy lift gate, storage, dual air, rear folding seats

My favorite features are the controls are all dials and easy to use. I like the MX radio and OnStar. I also like the added storage compartrments and the seat reclines more. The guage package is nostalgic looking but modern and easy to see. 

Remote start, easy folding rear seats, active fuel management

Quiet ride. Comfort level (both on par w/a luxury car). Great power and looks inside and out, very functional truck. So far seems very well thought out and built.Stereo is awesome! Love the sunroof and amount of interior space. Love the turn signal in mirror, and interior lighting very easy to read.

Styling, color, ride quality.

OnStar, driver informationcenter, and the seats on the back.

Great power, great sounding motor, gas mileage has been very good and the leather interior and XM radio are great.

I must say the interior is really, really nice on this truck. Luxury car quality and quietness on the inside. The 6.2 is really fun. Also, the six speed tranny is smooth and extremely responsive. Fit and finish on the outside is also great, tight gaps and smooth lines. Overall it's a great truck!

Fuel management, reverse sensor, interior ergonomics and comfort

Power, handling, ride, mileage, interior, wheels, lots of standard features included in price. It's the little details like the heater fan you can't even hear at 3/4 and the driver info center that really make it nice. 

Plenty of storage. The convienice package with adjustable pedals, parking assist and dual zone climate controls are awsome. Layout of the interior is great, nothing is clutered. The rear hinged doors for the back seat swing 170 degrees for more loading room! EZ lift tailgate is a must!

OnStar

One thing that really sets this truck off is the way I feel when I'm in it. I think the truck knows that the only way to show off all of the best features is to have someone using all those features and enjoying every bit of it. I really like the navigation. Really just all of it. GMC did me justice

Interior comfort, Bose sound system. Lack of rattles.

Rain sensing wipers, comfy seats. Stealth grey color. Heated leather seats with memory. Steering wheel mounted controls. I love this truck

Big, tall, more room, deep bed, easy to put up seats, and console space

The power and ride is great. Interior design fits me very well. All controls are convenient. The truck is very quiet.

Power sliding rear window, quiet interior, smooth transmission

The looks, and the power. When you step on the gas, the truck waits for about a second and then the big vortec max kicks in almost as if the truck were saying "Duh.. I'm a big powerful truck, and I'll run over that Toyota Prius in front of me if you keep that pedal down!"

The sound system is great. The rear park assist is very useful and ,of course, the heated leather seats are great on these New England wintery days. The driver info system is very helpful. Factory installed remote start is a must, but seems to have less range than my old one

Active Fuel Management. Engine performance. Interior layout and design.

370 HP, good ride. Tows my trailor easily.

Price, 8ft bed, trailer-mode for transmission, 5,000lbs hauling capacity off rear bumper, spacious cabin, instrument panel design, excellent visibility over the hood.

Interior design changes, smooth engine, car like handling.



Many things, another neat thing, for highway driving, is you just have to touch the the turn signal and it automatically blinks 3 or 4 times for lane changing. you dont have to hold it down. I find something neat everyday I drive her. If your in the market, check out a GMC Sierra!

I love the front grille. The seats are very comfortable. I love the fact that it has a lot of cupholders (I counted 9 total in my truck). I also like the automatic start feature.

GM trucks are usually reliable, but the 100,000 powertrain warranty is great piece of mind. It covers the 4x4 hardware, engine, and transmission. Get the backup warning and the G80 diff, too- both must haves. My kids love the extended cab doors that swing out far, it helps in tight parking lots.

Active Fuel Management, Bose sound, infinitely adjustable to any driver, vivid, easy read gauges (ice-blue, Red LED backlighting), versatile rear seating arrangments with childseat tethering/anchors, cavernous storage areas, plenty of power for the tough jobs. Smooth, quiet ride, tight and responsive

Interior comfort.

I like the comfort of all the seating area. The controls are easy to access. Lots of storage space and cup holders. 

Rear parking assist is helpful. Heated windshield washer is cool. Lots of storage areas. DVD player is better integrated into the truck. The ride is awsome! Seats are more comfortable. The radio is easier to use. Too many favorites to list!

