

NAV, Heated/Cooled seats, Heated steering Wheel, 2nd row Captains chairs, Ride Quality and Appearance. 

Backup camera, Navigation, XM, power lift gate, projector headlights, power folding mirrors, mini-van like capabilities without the mini-van styling, and interior design.

GPS with backup camera, cooled seats,auto headlights, 400 HP (same engine as the Vette), good looks and style. 

onstar, power, outside looks

Love the height of driver position, comfy seats, power/acceleration, sporty handling (especially for an SUV), great styling inside & out - get many compliments on how it sounds & looks. Love the remote start to warm engine or heat/cool vehicle & remote power open for cargo door. On Star is great!

Auto running boards, DVD, Navigation/backup cam, auto lights/brights at night, heat/cool seats, too many to list!

Navigation(GM must think you travel alone since it won't work while moving) power liftgate, collapsable mirrors. Ride and suspension are great.Great horsepower on regular gas.

Rims & tires look great stock. Remote start. auto tailgate opener, nav



Built in telephone, navigation system. The entertainment is fabulous. We can listen to one channel in the front, and the kids with the wireless headsets can listen to their own.

the looks are great, love the 22" rims

Being from upstate NY - my favs are the heated steering wheel & seats and remote start (I never need to use a snow brush.) Love the exterior looks and being high up. I love how big it is. It's twice the size of a Jeep Grand Cherokee. My 2 girls love the heated captains chairs in the 2nd row.

Looks, numerous features, towing capacity, pickup, good sound and navigation.

Cooling seats, powered stepbar

The look

Rear DVD, touch screen navigation, horsepower.

The look, the interior and the Nav system.

The seating followed close by horsepower. Headlights. Luxury sound system. Interior.

Exterior look, power liftgate, electrolumenescent guages, smooth V8/tranny/403hp, touchscreen DVD nav surround system, remote engine start, handling/ride/turning radius, large side mirrors, heated/cooled seats, rear backup camera, 22" wheels, heated steering wheel, OnStar when address not on DVD 

Elegant exterior, navigation system, seats

Front grille. It's massive looking.

User friendly entertainment system. Nice engine, remote start, Tiptronic shift, rear air, great interior design asthetics

Bose system, smooth ride, navigation and parking assist feature. Exterior and interior appearance, auto gate lift, remote start, AWD

Amazing GPS, best seat warmers, good looks inside and out, lots of features

Interior space, 22" rims, cooled seats.

Power, looks, comfort. The Nav/audio system is tops. Good front area storage in console. Sitting up high is a real nice feature in heavy traffic.

Interior room, cooled seats (when working), 400+ hp engine

XM radio. Bose sound system sounds fantastic. Automatic trunk lift and folding seats are a great option as well. The instrument cluster is easy to read and looks great..

Interior, AC, seats, power

Navigation. Bose THX sound system. 20 inch wheels

The remote start and lift gate, XM radio, climate controlled seats, and heated steering wheel. This vehicle looks great with its new design. I get lots of compliments on it.

The entertainment system, powerful engine, interior/exterior styling, amenities, power lift gate, cherry wood trim, 22" rims, interior space, and power folding seats.

The rear view camera, folding seats, and a/c seats.

The exterior styling of the hood / grill.

Remote start, how the smart navigation system doesn't shut down completely when driving unlike Lexus, auto high beams, how the OnStar phone hooks up to a Verizon account to save money, the heated/ventilated seats, extremely adjustable driver's seat (I'm 5'3" and sit high in the saddle), and how people turn their heads when you go by!

The engine, AWD, power mirrors, safety features, and 22" tires/rims.

It has plenty of power, but loves gas.

Satellite radio is great, the powertrain is wonderful (which is how I got hung up on Escalades to start with). The Navigation system works well (it had to be replaced soon after purchase) as long as the destination is somewhere near civilization.

The instrument panel, the navigation system and sound package, and that motor. The exterior styling is the key!

The automatic hatch release!

The engine is great and the transmission is a huge improvement.

The Navigation system is great, as well as the integrated sound system with XM. The ride is wonderful, even with the 22's. Remote start can be very useful.

The way the blue back lit dash gauges fire up when the Escalade is started. Touch screen navigation is second to none. The big front grille and headlamps along with the now distinctive, progressive angular lines in Cadillac body styling. Oh yeah, and her blingy 22 inch chrome wheels!

The ease of driving.

The touch screen navagation, DVD, XM radio. good power for an SUV, tight turning radius, power lift gate, and rear folding seats

The remote engine start, ride and handling, cooled/heated seats. The luxury is much improved. The pushbutton tailgate is a great feature.

The third row air curtain, 50/50 weight distribution, luxury, interior, and great color selection.

 he interior is well thought out and designed. The entertainmnet system with the flip down screens and wireless headsets keep my kids occupied while we listen to our own music. The air conditioned seats and the intellibeam headlamp system (auto high beams) are great. The ESV model can swallow anything.

The auto trunk opening, auto engine start, navigation and stereo system.

The exterior styling.

My favorite features are the chrome exteroir moldings. I really like the navagation / TV montor and all the wood trimmings.

The rear camera is nice. I also like the automatic trunk open and closer and navagation of course.

I like the navigational system. I also love the screen in front to watch movies while in park, the entire entertainment system is my favorite. This truck has great factory equipped 22 inch rims and a neat remote starter. The automatic climate control when using the auto starter is amazing and the automatic wipers are great.

I love being able to start the vehicle from 220 feet away with the A/C cooling the car in this hot weather...then heating car in winter.

The power, ride and XM radio.

The powerful engine, great handling, heated and cooled seats, navigation, heated washer fluid, remote start, rear backup camera, and body style.

The ride, power and comfort. 

I love the new interior, new exterior, and the sound system.

The overall comfort and ride are excellent and the sound system is the best.

The back view camera is very good. I love the Bose stereo system and I like the driving comfort of this vehicle. The rear entertainment system is also very great. Its rims are also very good and very shiny. This is a very comfortable vehicle.

The external starting and power rear liftgate are great new features. Satellite radio is, as always, wonderful. The nav system will be helpful when bugs are out of it. Its styling is a definite plus as is comfort. The rear camera is cool.

The punch it now has and the rate of acceleration are my favorite NEW features. The extra features like the new console, air conditioned seats, ability to adjust the accelerator are also some of my favorites...as is the navigation naturally. The absolute LUXURY is what I LOVE!

The XM radio and surround sound, it's like being in a theater. The air conditioned seats are a nice treat too.

The exterior, especially the nice grill. :)

The growling 403 hp engine, loads of power, and the rear camera for back up.

External styling.

The touchscreen navigation, 22" rims, Bose 5.1 Sound System, XM Sattelite, and the intellibeam headlights.

The leather seats, the wheels, the ride, the sound, the body, and the gadgets.

Nav system, audio display, key pad for phone (screen), ride, transmission, dash layout, visibility, cooled seats, remote start, OnStar, power lift gate and the powerful 403 HP V8.

I really like the touchscreen navigation system, Bose 5.1 surround sound system, powerful engine, smooth ride, and nice quality wood and leather finish

The feel you get when driving it.

The V8 engine is outstanding, the seat comfort is awesome, the sound system is very clear, the luxurious quality interior, and so many more...

My favorite feature is the ride. Cadillac has always taken a lot of pride in the comfort of their ride, and they are still in a class by themselves.

The exterior and interior looks, power seats, power tailgate, and remote start.

