Love the design of the car. The old style look outside as well as the dash. Comfy to ride in, too. 

I love the interior and my vanilla color!

The body style is cool and the body is pretty solid.

style of the car. Personally think it looks slickest in black. Looks more upscale than you pay for it. 

power, looks, features, ride, handling, just about everything.

Easy access

Fold down back seats and style of car.

Color black, interior design, shape of body 

The interior design is very unique. I still have enough cargo room for myself and my 2 kids. It's small on the outside, but still roomy for the 3 of us on the inside.

Love the moon roof, comfort of seating, outdoor temp gauge, and handling.

i'm in love with the interior. it reminds me of the old v.w. beetle that my dad drove for years when i was a child.

the hatchback is great and the stereo and cup holders are perfectly placed nothing feels like it's gonna fall off or made cheaply in the car

Entering and exiting, color, style, cost, longevity. 

radio plays c.d.s really well even scratched c.d.s ac works really well heater works very well.

The single CD stereo sounds nice and the radio gets decent reception. The top goes down/up easily. The interior is laid out well (cup-holders could be placed better). I also like the info center (temp, compass, etc.). It's a nice touch for this kind of vehicle). 



Room - Room - Room and very comfortable

Hatch

Gas mileage, unique interior, spacious seating

I guess I shouldn't admit it, but I love the lumbar driver's seat. Also, the utility of the vehicle and the retro styling. The heating/cooling system is just great and so is the sound system.

Old Style look, automatic shifter on the floor, lay down back seats and hatch type back entrance.

Interior size - at 6'2" I have PLENTY of head and leg room. Plenty of room for passengers as well. Great ride; quiet and smooth. I love the styling. An all around fun car to drive.

Exterior look, funky interior seats with design, colored dashboard, vent knobs that turn all kinds of ways.

Looks, handling, flexible interior, love the colored dash panels!

"One push" windows and top open/close,on/off - kudos! Roll bar -safety and cool looks. rear seats that fold flat very convenient.

The arena seating allowing the rear passengers to see beyond the front passengers heads to view what perpetual destiny is in store for them.

Favorite features are the exterior looks with the top up, firm front seats, retro style gauges and dash.

Suggested Improvements

cute 

I bought the vehicle brand new and the radio and speakers are nice but they aren't as great as my 05 Dodge Neon's were. I like having the window buttons in the middle console instead of on the door, but it can get confusing to others riding with you. I like the three cup holders in the front.

Handles good, firm on highway, quiet

The shape of the car and the firm seats

Interior

Style of car

High seating, easy entry/exiting. Good fuel economy, automatic transmissions are smooth. Lifetime warranties on vehicle regardless of time or mileage.

The power windows are located in the middle of the dash console instead of on the door inside panel.

Body style Interior layout

Love the style. The ride is firm but solid. No squeaks or rattles. Great ac and heater. Very quiet on the highway. Power is decent, and gas mileage is good. 

High seating, ease of getting in out and out of car (great for those with injuries or arthritis), fold down/take out seats, good stereo system, smooth ride. Great storage area in the back.

The creative fold and tumble seats for cargo. The leather seats and the color and chrome!

Convertible top works well, looks good and has a flexible interior to seat 4 adults just fine. Trunk, while a bit awkward to load, is well shaped and can hold a weeks worth of groceries. Car is quiet and handles well. Sharp loooking interior - it all fits well with nice body colored dash panels.

Smooth shifting transmission. Nice interior fit and finish, excellent eletronics and radio. Exterior and interior design. Electric blue paint is very nice. Wagon untility, great for runs to home center and supermarket. Head and leg room are ample for large adults. 

Driving position, fit and finish

Exterior. Chrome Wheels. Seats. Boston Acoustics Sound System.Trip Computer. Seating in both front and rear. Quality of materials. Ride with Touring Suspension. The interior is really well done. 

