

Seats (6-way power adj. w/ heathed leather) are comfortable and the heated feature works great in the cold winter season. Fulltime AWD keep things safe. Driver visibility is excellent. And the moonroof brings in excellent ventilation and light. Can tow with the best of them!

POWER and Ride. Lifetime power train warranty.

5.7L HEMI a must!! Great stock throaty sound, cant wait to throw a Cat-Back exhaust on it. 4WD Transfer case, heated leather seats. Dont bother with the cloth.

AMERICAN MADE!!! Nice leather seats, AWD, Alpine stereo, power seat, seating for 8. Back row is adult tight but kid friendly. Knee air bags which I like since we have been in a head on before, all row side air bags, AWD good for going camping in the hills, soon to get DVD installed.

none

8 passenger seating, Leather seats, ease of folding 2nd and 3rd row seats to make a flat floor surface. Large list of std safety features. Good view of the road.

Smooth ride, interior space, looks & extras. Alpine sound system w/six cd changer (I like). Easy access to the center seat on the 2nd row to place baby Carrier in. Plenty of room (w/folded down 3rd row) for carriage & grocery bags. Controls within reach.

Climate control, heated and power everything. The power tailgate is awesome! 

5.7 Hemi, seating for 8 with a family of 5, 40/20/40 split seat second row.

Color

power and sound with after market exhaust and air intake 

Comfortable ride, DVD, 3rd row option.

Heated seats, 6 cd changer, sunroof, narrow tires, power liftgate

The GPS system and Hemi engine.

3rd row seating has worked well for us. Roomy, comfortable to drive. Good stereo system.

DVD system, Sirius radio, heated seats; but all of these features can be found in other vehicles, so no real redeeming value here for the Durango.

110v outlet in the backseat to hookup game consoles to the DVD system. Can also charge anything or cook using a crock pot.

The power, the huge windows, The exterior & interior, flex fuel.

I love the look of it, smooth ride, quiet. Get up and go!

Plenty of storage space and cup holders.

The gas pedal! I love the Hemi. Steering wheel with all the features at fingertips. 3rd row seat room. Passenger doors open at 90 degrees.

Hemi, tow rating, 21+ mpg highway, satellite radio

Love the performance, both the power and the gas mileage, and it runs on regular gas.

Looks

Power! Smooth driving. Luxury without breaking the bank.

Engine power

Love the heated seats, the overhead console, the CD changer, and remote gas pedals. The towing, and the radio controls on the steering wheel.

