Exterior styling, sunset pearlescent paint, handling, Rockford Fosgate sound system, interior passenger space, trip computer (not navi), satellite radio. Being able to keep up with and pass all of those "high end" sport/lux sedans that get all the big press (and big $$).

None

The blue lights at night, the rear view lights(on the SE models and up, nice paint, very comfortable seats, leg space, all 4 windows roll all the way down, radio controls on steering wheel, great gas mileage, trunk space, auto/manual transmission, futuristic look.

I was first attracted to the color. My favorite are the safety features. Lots of airbags. 

Exterior, Dash, spacious

The dash lights look amazing at night! the rockford sound system sounds awesome. The autoshift feature is a sweet feature as well.

Spaciousness of interior; leather seats.

Easy to drive, sporty looks, really roomy, nice interior, easy on gas (4 cylinder).

Exterior Design, Sportronic Transmission, Blue Instrument Panel.

Rockford stereo, manumatic transmission, ice-blue dash lighting, great styling in and out. The pearl paint is as nice as a Cadillac CTS, the polished alloys are great looking.

The engine, Sportronic transmission, and sound system that even plays my mp3 cds are all excellent.

Love the MIVEC V6 engine's performance and the exterior & interior styling.

The Rockford Fosgate premium sound system is great. I love the improved comfort and ergonomic seats. This car has a great ride.

The room inside, blue lighted dash and dials, smooth transition in body style and sleek paint job. It handles well and drives fast enough.



The blue dash lights at night and manual shift automatic when you are in a "sports car driver" mode.

The sleek design, excellent pick up, how its not low on the ground, and the wonderful sound system.

stylish look, great ride

I like the safety features and the sporty, yet sedan-like feel.

The speed and seats.

The MIVEC V6 engine, 5-speed transmission, 18 inch wheels, good suspension, GREAT Rockford Fosgate sound system, good navigation system. I have test driven many vehicles and the Galant Ralliart is easily one of my favorites.

One of the nicer features about the car that stands out is at night the interior is lit up in blue giving it a very sporty feel.

