Great looks, performance and handling.

I have the Mellow Yellow with the yellow line interior. Mini has line interior kits if you want a change. Also there are lots of internet sites for all sorts of customization. One of the best features are other Mini owners. Join the Mini club for more driving fun!

Aux input for mp3 player, mood lighting, distinctive interior and exterior design (that's why we bought it), gas mileage, punch leather seats with seat heaters, quick warm up in winter. Panoramic sunroof is great.

Sporty & fast, good around-town car, easy to haul large boxy items (like 55 gallon drum).



Nav, built in bluetooth

Agility, acceleration, fun appearance, quirky interior, brakes, fuel efficiency.

Radio, interior lighting, "fun button," double sunroof, looks and the looks I get! Cornering is exceptional. 

Fun factor, incredible gas mileage, doesn't require premium gas, 3 year free maintainance from BMW although it never required any in 1 year. 

Panoramic sun roof, 6 speed, torque, handling, looks, nav system, comfy seats, rain sensors, xenon, 17 rims, and very fun to drive.

Steering wheel. Buttons, toggles. Mood lighting. Handling. Economy. Exterior look, cute vibe 

Bluetooth & convenience package with the buttom locks on the doors handles & not having to open the truck with a key, just touch the soft lock & presto, it opens.

The orange leather interior and mood lighting.....so cool!

The features I adore are the little size, shape of the car, the smooth drive, the reliability, and the cuteness it brings around!

Handling, gas mileage (38 on the freeway, 33 around town), seats are comfortable, visibility is great, cargo room in the rear hatch.

Fun handling even with the stock suspension. And awesome fuel efficiency that make hybrid cars sweat. Hatchback that is big enough for a laundary washer. Runflat tires! The head-turning cute look that never wears out! Aggressive exhaust note from the factory! Turboboost! 

Cool appearance and excellent fuel economy.

Gadgety: love the NAV with real time traffic info and dynamic route planning. Bluetooth is seamless, stereo is great. Gas mileage is unparalleled, fit and finish is great.

Smooth 6 speed manual transmission. Acceleration and handling. Great visability.

6 speed manual with twin scroll turbo engine.

Seats adjust for any person of any size, up to someone 6foot7. Push button start/stop. Toggle switches for everything. Selectable "mood lighting" as I call it. Automatic climate control.

Xenon headlights, rear view mirror, heated seats

Sidewalk package

Vehicle response. Ambiant lighting. On board computer. Cute and sleek look of the car 

The dash board

Fuel economy (Averaging 30 + MPG) Acceleration and handling. Lounge leather seats are beautiful and comfortable. Ability to choose from a wide array of options which help to your car unique. 

Go-cart like fun to drive. Computer is customizable to your liking. Locks, lights and such. Sport button is cool. 

Engine power, and interior, loved how it still looks like a MINI just a little bigger.

Nice handling, peppy acceleration with boost on or heavy foot without. Heated seats in winter a true delight. 

Styling, cache. Sport mode makes the car a blast. That said, I'll sell it when a suitable replacement arrives. Maybe the Audi A1?

NAV. It's fun and the geek in me loves the cool chimes it makes. Lounge leather is very comfortable, as are the heated seats. The fit and finish have been supurb, and the ordering process was very, very easy. Covered maintenance and high resale values don't hurt, either.

6 speed manual, multi-function steering wheel, fun to drive (especially on roads with lots of turns)

Exterior styling, fuel mileage, handling, fun

The exterior styling, handling, and fuel economy

Handling, 6500 rpm red line, sport button, mp3 cd player, 3 yr/36,000 miles of free maintenance, dual panoramic sunroof, interior design, bonnet design, onboard computer managed maintenance intervals.

Really cute, great gas mileage, cool interior look, fun to drive when you go fast.

Size, comfort, handling.

Style

White racing stipes. Antenna ball Mini gave me for free. The key ring Mini gave me for free.

Handling is exceptional, comfortable and fun, a rare combination for economy cars. I really like the interior. It's actually exciting to come back to. Get one of the colorline feature colors that is a good accent to your car. I got the red with the checkered standard S dash. It's like a Porsche interior!



Wonderful acceleration and handling.

Fuel economy, sport button, nav system is amazing and acurate (well worth the $2100) out slalom a Porsche, kick WRXs sideways, and own by far the most unique car on the market next to the Fiat 500 (which isn't avalible here in the us so MINI wins here ;) ) LSD gets rid of torque steer, trust me

Compact size goes anywhere.

Great packages. Performance, safety, mileage, looks, attiude factor! It's fabulous!

Turbo engine and great handling in on top of the list. Very convenient also with hatch and folding seat feature. Try loading as much stuff in a Miata !

The small size, nimble handling, great gas mileage and powerful little engine make the car a joy to drive. 

Acceleration. Seats are classy and cradle driver. Great gas mileage without having to give up performance. Nice quality interior. Good looking exterior. Handles well. No turbo-lag...six speed is easy to drive. 

Love the auto-dim rearview mirror and auto headlights. Nevere would have ordered, but they make life zillion times easier. Love the bluetooth-- don't have advanced pricey option where it recharges but basic setup is awesome. You talk out loud, hear thru stereo speakers. Love comfort access.

Compact size, yet spacious interior. Acceloration, cornering, braking. Six speed automatic paddle shifty thingy. Secret glove box.

I haven't actually had the car in my possession long enough to have any.

Dealer added performance options make this car a real screamer. Can keep up with most of the muscle cars and beat them on the curves! Electronics are fun to play with! Convertible is the only way to go with this vehicle.

Personalization - you chose the colors in and out, options options options. You make it your own. And of course the fun to drive. I continue to find new features that I did not know existed. Nice sunroof, the sport seats mold to your bod, comfortable room for two kids in back seat and golfclubs.

Driving conditions. Performance. Driving with the top down. Interior design that is different than in other cars and let you enjoy driving.



6 speed trans, peppy turbo motor with lots of low end torque, go kart like handling, quick and well-weighted steering, fits a family of 4 (kids are 5 and 3).

Interior lighting, fun factor, and overall experience of owning a MINI. 

Turbo and bluetooth.

Very quick and handles extremely well. Very good visibility.

The handling, Bluetooth phone system, styling, and good gas mileage.

The Steptronic automatic transmission is very smooth and with the manual mode very fun also. The good gas mileage!

The size, it's so small.



The sound.

