Fit and finish quality is very nice! Comfortable leather seats, very quite, and good handling. Power is good, and it is perfect for getting around in heavy snow. Seats fold down for enough room to haul race tires for my Mustang. Seats up, and room for 4 golf bags. Perfect size SUV for us.

the over all styling inside and out i did alot of customizing to this vehicle and everything flowed with my design

Audiophile radio, moon roof, cargo area in the trunk, and all around good ergonomics. 

Very fun to drive, 4wd is surprisingly good - very sure-footed hardly spins a tire before 4wd kicks in on steep slick muddy hill of TN. The 2.3L engine is a treat, the '09s have the new 2.5 with more power and better mpg. Sunroof availability with the manual trans would be nice.



Size, audiophile, moon roof, cargo area in back, gas mileage

Small but roomy and the awd is better than part time 4x4. Easy to manuever around town.



Quiet engine, peppy and fun to drive. Easy to see over the hood, and very few blind spots. Nice amount of cargo space, though I wish all Escapes came with the cargo hold in the floor.

Great acceleration getting onto the highway. Plenty of room for our son, dog and luggage going to our summer place. The back up sensors make parking in the city a breeze. Looks good and gets about 17mpg with mostly city driving. On the highway--a lot better!

Full time AWD, don't have to worry about grabbing a lever to put it in AWD after you get into trouble.

Good looks, "Blazing Copper" color, functional interior, good heater and A/C, lots of interior room without giving up gas milage (26 MPG), stone- cold reliable.

Rear seats are easy to fold down. Guages are easy to read. Interior room is excellent. Handling is very good.

View from the driver seat, How much space, able to put a 50" Panasonic plasma in there...wow! How it looks and the great gas mileage.

Strong A/C. Good Sound System.

Handling and manuverability are great. Lots of room in front an back seats. Solidly built.

Overall handling and fun to drive. Worst milage so far is 23.5 (good headwind, a/c on, and hilly country). Typical is 25.5 to 27 with 25/75 city/highway. 4 cyl has plenty of pickup except when fully loaded.

Audiofile stereo rocks.

The cruise control. Very comfortable reclining bucket seats. The very logical layout of the dashboard and its controls. The fold down rear seats that actually fold all the way down.

Sound system, comfort, driving fun

Room and comfort. Ride is smooth and handles great.

4WD, handling, 6 CD, good acceleration onto the highway and so far very dependable even in -20 degree weather. Gas mileage is good compared to my last two vehicles which got 17 and 19 MPG (Toyota Highlander and Sienna).

Sun and Sound Package (great radio), safety package, seating position, paint

Wheel handling, ability to make tight turns and decent stereo system. 

Roomy interior, exterior styling, and sound system is great.

Easy to see out of, nice-sized mirrors. Interior quiet for an SUV. Black-on-white, backlit gauges. Nice mp3 CD player radio. Powerful heater. Awesome traction/control on snow/ice. Good ABS. Mileage almost as good as compact car I traded in.

It's one of the best selling compact SUV of all time. I liked the overall package well enough to stay in the ownership queue for another few years. Like the leather seats, MACH stereo, paint quality, smooth ride and handling.

Handling and maneuverability. The 200hp is exceptional for performance on or off highway driving. Easier to park and maneuver than a car.

The moon roof, the great radio system, the sporty outside look.

GAS mileage thus far - it's like 22/25 not bad at all, very peppy 4 banger, very simple and easy to use gauges. ride quality very nice. 



The stereo.

CD player.

2.3 liter engine, 4 speed up shifts early to higher gears saves gas, ride, MPG, acceleration.

Uncluttered interior, upgraded wheel and tire package, and the copper color and black accents...so cool!

Well thought out and easy to operate.

The 6 cylinder engine performance, sound system, high gloss shine, and sun roof. The larger alloy wheels are easier to clean.

I think the instrumentation panel is neat. The cruise control and the way it handles on the road. Great stereo also.

Good gas mileage, cargo space, body styling and price.

Stereo sounds good. Lots of bass. Enough for me, anyway.

Looks, gas mileage, much easier to get in & out of than that big old F150.

Interior design great, everything easy to use. Simple three knob HVAC, clear gauges, etc. Nice alloy wheels, got the new Vista Blue Clearcoat, everyone stares at this color, real nice. Ford's interior have become more Honda-like and less GM-like, which is definitely a good thing! Good stereo.

