I love having the cassette player and I like the ashtray to keep my change in. Glove box is roomy. Nice exterior look. A/C does not seem adequate for the space, especially in Texas heat.

Features are OK, none favorite.

Engine, ride quality, ergonomics, and safety.

MPG for SUV.

I am enjoying the layout of the instrumentation and the entire front interior of the car.

Heated seats, radio, comfortable seats with good leg room. Great looking! 

Interior space and comfort. I'm 6'2 and 250 pounds, and we drove all over U.S. in it. Good MPG for SUV.

3rd row seat; great visibility (behind/side, etc.).

Hard to choose just one - the Limited comes loaded with options, so it's a toss-up between the 8-way power heated seats, the moon roof, safety features and JBL 8-speaker system.

A four wheel drive system without a 2 speed transfer case. Excellent visibility and utility. A well balanced, high quality vehicle.

The amount of interior lighting it has. Sun roof, trunk space, sunglass compartment.

Simple interior/exterior layout, powertrain smoothness, shifting, power. High quality interior materials.

Comfortable seating. I test drove the Sante Fe and the seats were cheap and uncomfortable.

AWD... and that isnt anywhere near as good 

Love the comfortable seats and different positions. Good for a person 5'3". Plenty of room for big guy too. Love sound system, moonroof, the idea of having lights automatic for day and night. Great visibility all around. Feel really secure driving my limited Highlander. Nice.

Power leather heated seats, sun roof, built in garage door opener, 3rd row, Sporty appearance with Camry ride.

1) information display on dash. 2) Radio controls on steering wheel.

The large area of cargo room, hidden storage areas all over the vehicle, the great amount of cup holders, the fact that you are up high but still feel like you are driving a car.

Sun roof, it's great. 

Interior materials are of high quality.

6-disc CD changer, moonroof, heated front seats.

Storage and cargo space. Drives like a car. Comes with a lot even on the base model with package 1. 

The agile handling.

Sunroof and front seat comfort. Handling and sitting up higher than a car.



Interior comfort. Quiet ride. Smoothness of the V6. Value. The ease for entry & exit. The engine compartment is well defined enough for myself to work on or to perform basic maintenance services over the years to come. Parts are relatively inexpensive. Excellent vehicle overall.

The interior is awesome -- plush leather, and it rides smooth and solid. It is a tool that is a pleasure to drive. 

