



Understated class with no minor quirks or inconveniences. I feel like an American again!

The body style - Too sharpe to put into words! This car is the best in its class no matter what the style - Base - C - Hemi - Touring. They are all sharpe!

Body Style - It is so sexy so classy!

5 speed auto-stick, comfy (heated) front seats, styling, ride, handling

Comfort, leg room, decent trunk, that HEMI growl and performance.

Exterior design, interior features such as computer read outs, front heated seats,serious radio,power seats,leather interior, external power mirrors,power garage door openers,auto high beam selector,etc.

6.1L, Brakes, Wheels, Seats, Lifetime Powertrain Warranty, and Stereo

5 speed autostick, gas mileage, comfort, dealer support, looks, and build quality. 

Very good vehicle for the price.

The HEMI motor and all those options that make a road trip a great experience. A quite solid ride. 

Remote start, blue tooth technology, heated seats, great appearance and performance. Great looking car!!

The exterior styling, the comfortable roomy interior, the mileage, the Lifetime Warranty, the sunroof, and all the compliments I get on the car.

The 6.1 liter HEMI, without a doubt. My car is a stripper, so I don't have any of the fancy add-ons, just the required go fast goodies.

How it handles on the road is great and I think it is a very pretty car.

I rally like the SRT Design styling cues, the multi-displacement function of the 5.7 liter hemi (4 of 8 cylinders shut off during light load), and the Navigation system. Also, the telescopic steering wheels and pedals are nice - they really let you dial in the perfect comfort driving position.

I love the exterior of this car. It looks very sleek and fast. I love the color (Cool Vanilla). The interior is very classy. I LOVE the Sirius satellite radio and purchased a lifetime subscription after the trial. This car handles like a dream!

aux input on dash (for ipod, etc), wish the jack was inside the center console where there is a 12V socket as well. Big cargo area by folding down entire rear seat backs. Tight turn radius for a larger car, easy to park. Intuitive controls (except cruise) and pleasant uncluttered instrument panel.

Sirius radio is a favorite, color, get up and go is great, room, analog clock

room -color 

the exterior body, the leather interior, the tortoise steering wheel, the heated seats, the ipod auxiliary plug in... every feature is my favorite.

The nav system is great along with the iPod connect & SIRUS. Lifetime warranty with oil changes $1,500.

Great steering, plenty power

Seating, windows tinted, power for a small motor, very spacious. I believe this car will have exceptional resale value.

I love the bold frontal look along with the stylish sculpted side view of the 300 Sedan. Ingress and egress of the car is excellent. I am further impressed with the performance of the 3.5l V-6 engine coupled to the 5 speed Auto-Stick transmission and the Electronic Stability package. 

heated seats are the (only thing) I like.

The power of the 350 horse Hemi. I love the exterior design. Very retro euro benz. Great dash. Solid feel. Hands free radio controls on the dash.

Especially as a convertible, it is roomy and allows you to take adults in the back comfortably. Also the 4- doors for ease of getting in and out of car. It's a mature adults' (one w/ kids perhaps) convertible.

All options chosen.

All the attention you get from curious onlookers. The last two times I have filled up, I have received compliments on the car from fellow motorists.

Very spacious. Lots of room.

The way the car handles and how quiet it is. Great stereo system and very comfortable.

Autostick



5.7 Hemi. The SRT Design Package. A steal at $2,000! The inferno red paint. Projection headlamps. No rattles, squeaks.

Very spacious and comfortable. Back seat has more than enough room for kids. Superb handling. 

Boston Acoustic sound system. Seat comfort and support. Electronic vehicle information center. Tortoise shell trim on steering wheel and door grips and shift knob. Driver memory features

Power, stereo and great style. Heated leather seats will be great come winter.

Performance, style, in-dash monitoring of all aspects of vehicle, good truck room.

The V8 engine, the auto wipers, the safety features.

Some favorite features are the sun roof, the premium sound system, satellite radio,(which is free for the 1st year!)all controls on the steering wheel, 20"tires and upgraded rims! The personal settings feature for programming the seat, mirrors, steering wheel, even the foot pedals raise!

Driving Memory, Tilt Down Mirrors in reverse, Auto Dim Mirrors (All) Auto Headlamps and Wipers, Nav System, Seat Heaters, and Dual Climate control. The HEMI V8 Performance, and Auto Stick control. Bluetooth was cool as well.

Navigator, DVD player in rear (great when showing homes to occupy the kids) Head turning good looks of the car.



Road presence, comfort, handles very good for its size.

 Great handling and vast power, terrific interior layout. Rides like a limo.

Heated seats & the GPS.

Navigation system. Sirius Radio,,, Great computer to keep the driver informed... Power gadgets,,,,

V-8 340HP, AWD, adjustable pedals, GPS Navigation, trunk capacity, headroom and legroom HID lamps and most of all the design and low price.

None



 I like the exterior design. The seats are so comfortable for long trips. I like the gas consumption, compared with my SUVs 8 cylinder. 

adjustable pedals with memory, illuminated exterior mirrors, friendly controls on the dash, folding rear seats (either half or both) and large trunk.



Power, options

I love the exterior design and feel this car will have good resale value and will be a Collector's Model in the future. I love the Heated Seats. My car has the Bentley Grill which is really nice looking and stands out.I also like the Tire Pressure warning light on dash.

looks and expensive feel and ride

The Hemi, of course!! I love the way it feels driving it and I love the way it sounds. In addition, the handling and ride is incomparable. The seats are so comfortable for long trips.

Styling Comfort Luxury

Aux jack so I can play my Ipod! Pretty cool. The car's overall looks.

The DVD Naviagion, and Satelite Radio would be the biggest things. I also love the walnut wood trim. To be honest I don't have anything that I don't like about it. 

