Power and economy, design of car, handling, comfort. The performance series seems to sit up a bit higher. Larger, wider tires, steering.

Navigation, Bose sound, sunroof, power seats, rainsense, remote start, nice rims

Telescopic/tilt steering column/wheel. Sunroof, Bose sound, navigation, intelibeam, sunshade, heated seats, interior colors, White White interior lights and dash

Heated steering wheel & performance w/o hesitations.

Heated steering wheel, navigation, air conditioned seats, Bose sound, lumbar massage, sunroof

Cruise control visual set speed, remote lock horn honks only when lock button is p[ressed a second time. Passenger side A/C digital temp read out. Analog insturments with white read out is better than green. Nice large trunk

Adaptive speed control and navigation/radio system. Space in back seat and trunk. Lots of stuff to play with.

It looks good and that's about all it does.

Automatic tilt/telescope steering wheel, air conditioned seats, power rear shade, chrome wheels.

Rich wood grain trim. All displays. Cool seats. Great pickup when you need it! 

Navigation system.

Dealer actually found me one in my favorite decades-old Cotillion White (now supposedly offered only with the livery package) with Shale leather. Excellent sound system. Nicely cooled seats on hot days, though the seat back should also include cooling--probably won't use the seat heating feature.

Power, interior appearance, electronic features, handling, comfort and ride, workmanship.

Presence, power, muscle-car sounding engine. 

The heated steering wheel, OnStar navigation system, remote start, rear/front parking assist, and how it is so comfortable and roomy.

How easy it is to get in and out of the front and back. It is all just right.

The ride, the comfort and the look. I love the XM radio and the direct connect for my iPod. It has great leg room, head room and a large trunk.

The integrated phone system is the best.

The Northstar engine and OnStar.

The adaptive cruise control, voice activated navigation system, fold in side mirrors, and rear sunshade.

