The "hemi"...and every thing I have done to it....

Power - 345 Horsepower and lots of torque. The Ride - Okay it's a little bumpy, but it is a 4x4 and with the 20 inch rims, it rides a little rough. Visibility - Great visibility with no blind spots.



Hemi motor, 20in wheels, 4 door, big discounts from Dodge.

Hemi power! Auto start with a quick flick of the key. Love the tall jacked up look of the 20 inch tires. Overall mean look of the truck!

Great price, Great looking truck, and smooth ride

Hemi, I actually really like the styling (especially the 2010's)



The power, 20 inch wheels, sleek look, clean easy interior, and driving stability

Great ride and handling. Interior well thought out. 

4x4, V-8, tinted windows, containment tray behind the seats, fold-down center console, tow hooks, towing package

Heated seats, infinity sound, leg room, comfortable leather, lots of power, great looks and plenty of room.

The high ride and the feeling of overall security. You drive the highway and don't feel you're being moved by a gust of wind off an 18- wheeler...oh, and speaking of, it's so quiet inside - I mean no road noise whatsoever! Oh yeah, and it's American company and American assembly - support the USA.

Roomy interior, comfortable and cleanly layed out. Drives like a car with all the benefits of a truck.

Power on demand and the way it handles like a regular car. Not all sluggish like some large vehicle!





Towing capacity, ride and handling

Looks, power, warranty, price, American made

Styling, reliability, seat comfort, steering, ESP. The local dealer in Fredonia is phenomenal. They are very accommodating and they provide free rental cars for any service

It's the perfect truck.

Everything especially the cab room.

love the Sirius radio

It's A Dodge and it's the coolest thing on 4 wheels

None

Decent gas mileage, for a full size truck. Nice interior room. I love the looks of this truck. Ride is excellent, and very comfortable. Sits nice and high. Even though I did not purchase this vehicle to tow, it towed very well, the couple times I have towed. 

Power, ruggedness, love the interior compared to other trucks such as ford, chevy.

Hemi V8, very large interior space, nice ride, large bed for a short bed.

The look, the power.

Hemi, Siruis radio. heated seats, so high on the road. Dual temp and the comfort of the cab.

Exterior styling is awesome, flexfuel capability is really handy, and the power is great.

Everything

The roomy interior is great when you have to haul two children around, and still have room your tools; mean, aggressive look; rear under the seat storage; and knowing the powertrain is covered for as long as I own my truck. Also, the chrome 20's look awsome and a Hemi!

Looks, build, sound, power, gauges, handling, headroom. I'm 6'5" 260 lbs. Tons of space in the reg cab, skipped the quad-cab because of it! 

Everything in the cab is at you finger tips, flat floor in back, storage under the seats. plenty of Power outlets, 200 inch rims, The Hemi, the styling. Ipod plug in on radio

Opt for an SLT with the power seat, anti-slip rear-end, sliding r/window, auto trans, tow package and yes the floor mats are optional too. If I could only choose one option it would be the power seat. I can't quite get comfortible in the standard seating arrangement. 

Hemi power, height of truck, and interior room. 

Large dash knobs for radio/fan controls make for easy adjustments esp w/gloves. Some have said they didnt like the seats but I'm in my truck 6-8 hrs/day. They are wide, deep & supportive. Has a tough, big truck look. Price was right. Rides great. Center console holds my laptop. Power without end...

Hemi. Satellite radio. Bluetooth. Looks. Available packages. Tow mirrors. 3.92:1 axle. Big 20 inch wheels. Build quality. Paint color choices & interior color choices. 

20" tires and aluminum rims, MDI engine and nearly 20MPG on highway!, Sirius radio, under rear seat storage is great use of typically lost space, overall look, Love that it sits up 'high' but gotta have step side rails - I thought my Suburban was big - shoot - I had to "learn how to step up and in".

I love the satellite radio. It gives me the stuff I want to listen to and few commercials. The radio controls on the steering wheel are just great. I don?t have to take my eyes off the road to change stations or volume. 

Styling, 5.7 liter Hemi, decent mileage if your light on the gas, (I get 17-18 freeway) Satelite radio is awesome.

The smooth ride and power. Chrome wheels and 20" tires are worth it. Lots of storage. Sirius radio.

Seating position with power seats, audio controls on the back of the steering wheel

Huge cab, huge center console with adjustable dividers, ample door panel storage space, ground clearance, fit & finish, white faced gauges, overhead console, nice factory wheels, keyless entry, power windows (never had a vehicle with them before.) Oh yeah, warranty... lifetime powertrain.

I love the looks and quality. This truck screams awesome with its rugged good looks and excellent build quality. The Laramie is the way to go over the SLT.

Outside looks, interior room and yes, that Hemi horsepower. Favorite feature might be the price I paid for it. Allows for add ons.

I love the smooth ride and the aggressive look of the exterior. The heated seats and dual side airconditioning are definitely a plus. I love the design of the leather seats and how the rear seats fold up to expose more storage and a fold down floor panel. This truck is a real head turner.

Quiet, comfortable interior. Great design in and out. Obviously, feels very safe, handles like a car. 

Powerful engine!

Engine strength, Interior room

Seat and interior comfort, quietness

Satellite radio and those 20in rims (just not looking forward to replacing those tires).

Attractive dashboard layout, easy to read gauges, easy to read daytime and well-illuminated at night. Very good stereo sound for a factory-installed unit. Adding Sirius was a great addition. Fun to drive, maneuvers great. 

Power. That says it all. It is a powerful truck. Not only that, its pearl coats on the paint looks great. Mine is very sexy with its flame metallic paint with pearl clearcoat, on lots of chrome. It's a head turner!

Power

Satellite radio. I live in Montana where local radio signals are not always that great.

I love the 20 inch tires for that added lift.

I like the relationship Dodge has developed with Sirius radio that gives us a great choice. Once again, the Hemi rules and I like knowing I've got the omph if I need it.

The cruise is ergonomic and much better than the turn signal models. And I love that little space behind the seats, even in a regular cab you can recline a little bit.

Nav, Bluetooth, styling.

Tow capacity, handling, roomy cab,improved headlights,trailer tow package, new interior stain and odor resistant fabric, stronger transmission, 20 inch wheels, comfy interior seat for big people, power pedals (wife is 4 ft 11 and needs them), adjustable pwr seat works great, more ergonomic dash

Auto start with the flick of the key. Keeps the starter going longer I would venture to guess.

I enjoy the tow haul mode and the overdrive off mode. This helps tremendously when hauling up hills.

Awesome power. Very roomy. Such a smooth ride for such a big truck! 

The Hemi, reliability and its muscular looks. Makes my co-workers Chevys and Fords look like play things.

5.7 Hemi engine. Sirius radio. Comfortable seats. Macho good rugged looks.

5.7L Hemi, MDS system, body styling, in cab storage, ride.

The truck!

