On the two-door hatchback the doors are large, which makes for easy ingress and egress. The center-mounted display is not big deal and makes room for another glove box. You sit higher that in most two-doors, so your visibility is better.

I fell in love with the MP3 aux input and the positioning of the cup holders. That by itself is the tipping point of what sells a car!!

Gas mileage. Cruise control and cute looks. Like center mounted gauges. 

Turning radius is the best I've ever experienced, ample storage, gas mileage, price. 



Great storage space, cup holders, ipod/MP player connection was the only one we could find in 2007, Toyota is ahead of the game.

Comfortable seat positions, great mpg, awesome storage capacity, great buying price, I can park anywhere! 7 cup holders and 3 glove compartments.

Seven (7) cupholders! Yay! Roomy back seat. Great handling. Cute and gets lots of questions/comments from others.

Ipod Jack, interior design

Mpg, looks, hatchback.

The seats are great as well as the leg and head room. Fuel mileage is great averaging 35 to 48. I got the one with abs brakes and have had no problems stopping. The 1.5 engine is great for my needs with plenty of pep. 

The pep and styling.

The driver's seat (for me) was the best feature - I'm 6'1" and couldn't find a better seat for me in this class range. Next to that I am (personally) amazed this is a 1.5 liter engine - it does just fine staying with traffic which I really appreciate.

The gas mileage.

Ipod plug. Good MPG. 

Gas mileage.

Very affordable, fuel efficiency and made in Japan!

Sound system is great. Love the center speedometer!

Excellent gas mileage, simple controls, easy to handle.

CD player.

The looks of it, and I really like how all of the gauges are in the center of the dash.

I absolutely love the driver's side glove box right above the steering wheel. No more stretching over to the passenger's side for a pen/paper, lipstick, lotion, etc. It's all right there within reach. The other thing I really like is the 60/40 split rear seat. This comes in the power pkg.

Several people hate the cup holders, but I love them. The placement in front of the air vents actually keeps my drink cool! Might be a problem for coffee, though. The gas mileage and seat height are great, absorbs road bumps with ease. Lots of storage for such a small car.

Design of car, storage and drink areas, space when back seat is down, exceptional gas mileage, instrument location.

Fuel efficiency is my favorite feature, but exterior design is a close second. The seats are more comfortable for long trips than any BMW, Honda or Toyota truck I've owned.

The dash design is very unique with the all the gauges in the center, this allows for a better view of the road.

So much room! Easy to drive.

The MP3 jack. The turning radius. The The 41-42 MPG/hwy I've been getting is phenomenal in and of itself. 

Cupholders and compartments.

Cup holders, the dash, the mileage, warms up quickly in the winters, cools down fast in the summer.

My favorite features of this car is that it has an absolutely great sound system. There is plenty of room in the car, we don't always have to squish in and there is plenty of foot room as well.

The MPG is consistent at 34-35, even if I drive it a bit rougher with the stick. Blue color makes it look like sports car, awesome. MP3 plug-in. Zippy. Good trunk space. Spacious back seats in 4DR (2DR is too tight for someone over 5'6, imo). I think price is decent for what you get.

Gas mileage, driver's leg room.

The cupholders are located in a bad area. Unless you have 32 ounce foam cups they fall out of cupholders.

Tight turns, great handling - super nimble - great for lane changes, passing and merging, awesome sound system with iPod hookup, and let's not forget... 40 MPG!! My last full tank cost me less than 30 bucks - now how many people can say that?

Economy and the Toyota name.

The handling, the price and the style.

This car has a very stiff undercarriage for a small car and also has amazingly precise electric power steering. The acceleration is very good if you know how to safely wind out a 5 speed. I'm getting about 35mpg around town with the ac on and almost 40 mpg on the open road with no ac on.

Fuel economy, color and design.

Nice big doors, easy entrance/exit for tall people + excellent visibility when driving. Wonderful almost magical turning radius makes parking in crowded parking lots almost fun. Lots of places to stash assorted stuff. Handles speed humps with aplomb.



Thoughtful interior layout makes it easy to keep things tidy. Oodles of small compartments (3 glove boxes!). Smooth steering and turn radius. MP3 player aux jack (with perfect size partition for my cased-in iPod to sit in right next to it). SEVEN cup holders. Top notch air-conditioner that cools FAST.

Very easy to service (oil/filter changes, and basic maintence is a snap), very good interior ergonomics and sight lines, cool interior and exterior design, Toyota quality.

Fuel economy, exterior design, MP3 jack.

Great mileage. I average about 30 mpg zipping around town which is only 4 under the EPA. I haven't had much time to test it on the highway. Looks, I like that it looks like a Camry. Speedometer. You definitely get used to it, and miss it when you drive a different car. It's a Toyota. 

Gas mileage, trunk space, turning radius.

Plug in jack for MP3 player, bottle holders in doors, fold down rear seat for extra cargo in trunk, nice stereo system.

Acceleration, storage compartments, large trunk, shape of car.

The body kit on the S Sedan is very nice, helping to bring out the contours of the vehicle.

Turn radius.

MPG. Brakes and looks. Looks like the car from the cartoon CARS. Always has a smile. Total cost to run this car. WOW. Better than hybrids.

Unique styling. Smooth engine with great acceleration (5 speed). Toyota build quality. Great gas mileage. Exceptionally spacious for one, roomy enough for 2. Kids only in back, please!

Size, steering, body style/looks, gas mileage, practicality.

The auxiliary jack. I have to be able to listen to my music library on my MP3 player wherever I go! It's a smooth ride. The look of the car is nice, and the color (Meteorite Metallic) is MUCH nicer than it appears on the Toyota website.

Great gas mileage, low price even with the most expensive packages, great looking exterior

Gas mileage, quick, inexpensive.

Fuel economy, storage, roominess, peppy power train, doors close solid with no rattle.

More room than I could ever dream of with so many storage compartments that are hide-away. There is so much room in the car you can easily fit 4 adults with no cramping or stuffing.

I like the looks, the price that we bought it for, the gas mileage, and the sound system is also pretty good. I also like how much room we have inside.

I went from a '90 cavalier to this car, so pretty much everything is my favorite! I enjoy how all the gauges are in the center, not behind the steering wheel. It's very unique! I also really like the storage compartment between the 2 front seats, it's very handy. 

Exterior look, middle gauges, gas mileage.

Mileage and looks.

Great looking car with Euro style, extremely fun to drive, great performance in its class with a five speed manual gear box.

Gas mileage, price, comfort, peppy, fun, handles great, turning radius, manual transmission, cuteness - it makes me smile, color (blazing blue). It's a Toyota! 

Gas mileage, I sit up higher than most cars love that feature, comfort in driving, have gotten a lot of good comments on the car. Roomy interior, love the cup holders, perfect design.

Driver's seat sits you up higher than in many bigger cars. Interior room and trunk room are both unexpectedly generous for such a small car. Steering is steady and straight. Turning radius unbelievable.

Everything, I really enjoy this little car.

Fuel economy, cost, MP3 compatibility with CD player, AUX jack, center mount dash widens visibility and works great with window mounts (satellite radio, GPS, etc.), handles well on the open road, tons of compartments and cup holders.

Drink holders and little storage compartments here and there; the CD player is nice, too.

The huge value that this car offers. Also, safety. I speak of the car in the past tense because our lovely Yaris was totalled by a drunk driver. We were rear-ended by a huge truck on the freeway. The Yaris was totalled but my wife and I managed to get out of it with surprisingly few injuries.

Interior space, build quality and reliability, how it looks.



Center dash; multiple, convenient gloveboxes; zippy-ness; maneuverability; mileage, of course; and extremely high cute factor.

Gas mileage, roominess for small car.

Compartments in dash, MP3 port, dash layout, front of car like a VW Bug. around 40 MPG, laydown back seats. Drives like it is on tracks, at 75 MPH it feels VERY stable. Turns around anywhere.

Gas mileage of course. Interior room. Aluminum wheels are nice. Seat upholstery very nice. Paint job was superb. Solid thud when closing doors.

The radio that come with the basic features is enough for everyone. It even takes my MP3 CDs. Excellent features including the fact that I like to see the speed I'm going with the speedometer in the middle of the dash.

Gas mileage (averaged about 34 mpg and should keep increasing, only have about 600 miles on the car), Cute looks, peppy 1.5L VVT-i engine, dark blue color, easy to park and drive, the blue gauges.



Styling, S-package, 5-speed manual transmission, MP3 capability, side curtain airbags, overall build quality, Toyota reliability.

Body style, steering/handling is very responsive. Good acceleration from dead stop and passing.



The overall style of the car. The aux input for my iPod. The gas mileage. The rear wiper. All the storage places.

Fuel efficiency is remarkable. Forget about the hybrid.

The unique design, affordability, I've never had a car with power anything (doors, windows) and they're great! The aux jack could be on the driver side but I'm just happy there's one to begin with!



My favorite features are everything about the Yaris. Even though this is my first new car, it gets my approval in every way.

By putting the Yaris in service I've reduced my greenhouse gas emissions by 55% over my previous ride. I am not "saving the environment" by any means but I might be destroying it at a significantly slower pace. 

Mileage is great.

The cup holders and the auxiliary plug for my iPod. The trunk space is huge too for a smaller car.

I am one of the strange ones that actually enjoys the speedometer being in the middle of the dash.

Fun to drive and gas mileage.

Full view of road (massive view), gas consumption (incredible 2nd to hybrid), power when I need it (5spd M), sub-compact (parking), great handling.



Fuel efficiency, surprising roominess or front seats.

Comfortable driver and passenger seats; simplicity of design; built in aux jack for iPod or other mp3 player. 

iPod jack, great radio, easy parking, great gas mileage, cuteness factor!!

I like the way the instrument cluster is centered in the car and of course the mileage.

The car is a breeze to wax, none of the funky moldings to tape off. Interior is nicely laid out, surprising backseat room.

Center console, Aux port for my iPod, suprisingly comfortable interior. 

I love that it has an MP3 jack, and I like the centered odometer.

Written by: 

The MP3 player port, and the centered gauges.



Center console, quick 0-60, tight turning radius, great sound system, can hook up ipod to speakers.

External styling, Flint Mica colour. Charcoal grey interior, fit and finish. Feels bigger and more expensive than it is. No one thinks it's an econobox when they see it and it's a Toyota. Solid ride, competent, no sports feel but around competent.



European gauges.

Great fuel mileage, exterior styling, interior styling.

Smooth engine, great gas mileage and nice sounding CD player.

The mid dash console, and the integrated cd/mp3 player, as well as the auxillary hookup.

gas mileage, easy maintenance

gas mileage, comfort





Easy to park. Super comfortable seats, both driver and passenger.

Spacious interior, smooth drive. 

Small and maneuverable, great fuel economy (40 MPG best, 34 MPG worst), comes with Aux input for the stereo (What's a CD?), and has OK exterior styling, plus good room for driver and passengers.

center console, mpg, styling

Gas efficient



I love, love, love having an MP3-capable CD player. The sharp turning range is incredible. I'm able to wiggle in and out of tight parking spots very easily. And who doesn't like getting change back from a $20 when filling a gas tank (assuming gas prices stay in the $2.00 ballpark)?

The CD/ radio and extra iPod hook up is awesome. You get used to the speedometer being in the middle of the dash quite fast. The middle seat belt in the back is a 3 pointer but it can be tucked away with easy access later on if you want to put it away. 

I love the speedometer and other gadgets in the middle. I really like where the cup holders are placed for the the front seat. I still show off my trunk space; it looks sooo small from the outside but I can fit an entire set of luggage (and more) back there!

The car has great brakes, comfortable seats and a big back seat. The MP3 hookup is nice.

Sporty looks , and additional head room.

comfort, iPod AUX plug

Sounds like an old Triumph Spitfire as I go at highway speeds (in a good way). 

A couple of my favorite features are the many compartments, and the tremendous space it provides.

The center mounted dash is a nice touch once you get used to it. The auxiliary jack is great for users with an iPod. With over 21 storage compartments, I never need to find a place for something.

Gas mileage, of course. The cuteness factor. Having the aux jack for the iPod. PRICE!! Roomy as heck. I can fit a couple of bodies in the trunk. Zippy in town. Not a hybrid but just a great gas mileage without paying double.

Gas mileage, comfort, ride, three glove boxes, drink holders, speed, size.

Eye-catching styling. Good window styling. Everybody stares at this car! Sound system great. Light, but roomy plus lots of useful places to put personal items.

The sedan body style and front end design. I also love the interior dash design.

My favorite features are the glove boxes for both driver and passenger, and the space saving ideas. I love how roomy it is, even with it being such a compact car. I love the flat folding backseat because I can put more in it than most cars can hold. It is great in lots of terrains and all weather.

Looks, mileage, size.

The stereo is awesome, The sound that come out is the best I have ever heard!!!

Room for a small auto. Comfort for smaller users.



She loves the MP3 port, cup holders, and interior styling. Oh yeah and its cuteness factor. 

Handling, mpg, looks.

I love everything about it!

The styling is geat and stands out. The fuel economy is more than wonderful.The handling is very nice and responsive. There are so many places to store things that there no longer any excuse to have a cluttered car. 

Well put together, mileage, ride, interior lights etc. all well done. FUN - FUN - FUN to drive!! 

The zippy way it drives. The gas mileage. The stereo, it sounds great. 

I love all of the compartments! One of my favorites is in the side of the door where there is a bottle holder. You can fit a bottle in the door instead of having it wobble all around in the front cupholder.

Cost, gas mileage, driver's glove box, electronic steering, interior space, mp3 ready

Gas mileage, good looks. Reliable engine (1.5 liter).

Roomy interior, MP3 player plug in, adjustable seat height.

Price, looks, gas mileage.

dohc and the vvt.

MPG (of course). Handling. Interior comfort and convenience

Just plain fun to drive! I was expecting more putt-putt and got more vroom!

Sleek design, gas mileage.

Design, gas milage

Simple controls to use for heat,air conditioning etc. Love the room. Seats are very firm and supportive for my back. I like the ease of getting in and out of the vehicle.

MP3 hookup and the cupholders.

no 'favorites'

The responsiveness of the manual transmission. The dash setup is a fresh look. I feel like a sit up a little higher which gives me a better view of the road. Big trunk for the size of the car. It's an awesome little car that I would recommend to anyone entering the Toyota world.

Love the look, inside and out. It's comfortable, gets great gas mileage, and it's a breeze to park, even in the smallest spots. Love the cargo area - plenty of room.

Build quality, white gauge cluster, tranny, soft pedals, steering feel, 40mpgs, 105 hp and only 2250 pounds = many surprised faces at the stoplight, interior and trunk space.

Price, gas mileage, low maintenance, driver's glove box, cup holders, build quality, great 5-speed tranny, electronic steering (no steering fluid to check), secure handling w/15-inch wheels, easy to park in city and most of all, it's cute!

I love the gas mileage and the extra storage compartments.

-fuel economy -easy to maneuver -fun to drive (peppy) -looks from people who don't know what kind of car it is 

Ithink it is a much better looking car than honda and nissan. excelent mpg

Love the 4 cupholders in front and 3 in the back.. Never too many... Once you touch the starter it automatically engages until started.

Cool glove compartaments, bottle holders even on the back, back reclining seats, windshield wiper, very comfortable seats, awesome audio and speakers, suspension is comperable to those higher costing cars, car drives so smoothly that I didn't even notice I was going 60mh!

Center mounted speedometer.....it's cool.

Cup Holdsters, Dash Design, Spacious, Driving and control - Excellent.

all

Very Stylish with the body kit and fog lights. Cup holders are placed right near A/C vents so your drinks never get warm (it sounds weird but its a great feature when youre used to your drinks getting warm) The radio is nice too. Comfy seats!!! 

Style is good. Very eye catching car. Excellent handling.

Low gas mileage. 

It's not like everything else on the road...

The surprisingly quick engine and agile handling. With our lumbering SUVs, we've forgotten how much fun a small car can be. Zippy! 

The gauges in the middle is pretty awesome. It also has a powerful factory stereo system. Slap shift gear lever is also neato.

Steering, Dash board

Great turning radius, great gas milage, gotta laugh when you look at it. Very peppy.Interior controls easily used.

Ease of getting in the vehicle. The back door (3'd) is at the perfect height for ease of putting stuff in and taking stuff out. The indoor lights that come on after you shut the car off are cool. The look of the interior is sleek!



Seats, love the side turning blinkers, sound system, funky little helper windshield wiper (front), Blazing Blue color, roomy, center panel is weird but who cares, I rarely look at it - too busy going 80MPH

Speedometer and Tachometer in the center console of the vehicle. Illumination of the control panel.

Small on the outside, roomy on the inside. Full size trunk. Handles beautifully with plenty of zip. A real fun car to drive.

The i-pod hook up and the gas savings!

Styling especially the nose inside nice

MP3 aux

centered dashboard, auxillary inline port for my IPod, awesome mileage, cute appearance

 Interior design , and dynamic hood

Great transmission, Handling, ipod aux. jack.

Cubby holes and cup holders, ample inside space, quirky design gets a lot of turning heads

I get close to 45 mil/gal on highway; excellent gas mileage for a commuter car.

Easy on gas.

The liftback design, for one, makes this machine so versatile. . .much more so than the sedan, which I find too conventional looking. Of course I speak for myself on that.

That nifty glove box on the driver's side, the adapter for my MP3 player, total look of the car, inside and out.

Cupholders close to dashboard level rather then down below, very nice handling, and great gas mileage!

Placement of the dash/controls, roominess of the seating areas, styling.

Peppy, great milage (40MPG+), excellent interior (roomy!), CHEAP and well built. It doesn't get much better than this.

I love all the glove compartments, the aux. port for my MP3 player and also the interior design on the seats.

Pretty nice sound system, easy handling, roomy inside.

The hatchback makes it so easy to put things away in. Also the cupholders and hidden compartments are very nice. When I first bought the car I thought the gauges being in the center of the dash would be hard to get used to, but really they are easier to view.

Among this car's many features I have to mention its fuel economy, its cool shape, the auxiliary feature on the sound system, antenna placement, awesome interiors, power steering (thank you!), futuristic dashboard and the many storage places.

Gauges in the middle - nice change, easy to see.

Oil filter is in a great place. Front cupholders directly in front of the a/c vents to cool my drinks (sorry to the coffee drinkers). Stability at 65 MPH. The seats feel of good quality, unlike other entry level cars. Shoulder belt for the middle rear passenger can easily be used by smaller children.

Interior space is great. The trunk is surprisingly roomy. For a small engine it zips around well on the highway through traffic at 80 MPH. I think it rides and handles great; add maneuverability to that and it makes it a great car.

It's a cute design. I have gotten many comments on the exterior looks. Inside the truck has a lot of room for all my grandchildrens things.



Gas mileage

Turning radius, gas mileage, new center dashboard, trunk space, fold down seats, smooth ride for an economy car, mp3 player, decent speakers, the gear shift is neat and very useful - it's easy to shift to neutral at stops, or drive in D3 around town to save on even more gas.

Comfortable seats, new dashboard design, **Gas Mileage**

Fits in any spot. Great MPG! Very very roomy inside, despite small size outside. Lots of trunk room! 

Exterior, it has a high cute/sporty factor! The titanium wheels are cool. I like the speedometer in the center and the interior trim. Also, the aux plug for iPod is great. NO ASHTRAY!! Awesome. Gas mileage is very good along with a lot of get up and go for such a small engine. 



gas mileage and interior design

Gas mileage, dash, different little car, plus I can park it any where.

It's cute and suprisingly spacious.

Gas mileage 45 hwy 40 city, smooth ride for a small car.



All the little cubby places, performance & the AC is really powerful (BRR).

I like both the interior and exterior style of the 2007 Yaris. There is ample interior room in this sub-compact due to the ingenuity of it's design and I especially enjoy the back seat that folds forward providing additional space.



everything

Gas mileage

Cupholders!

Placement of the cupholders, adjustable driver's seat (up, down, forward and back), excellent gas mileage, comfortable, reliable, very roomy for a compact car.

iPod jack, 5 speed, handling on the highway, fold down rear seat. Not sure if its a feature really, but the small size makes parking and maneuvering in the city a pleasure.

She moves. 

Reliability, perfect engine, MPG, MP3 and aux audio jack

it is very comfortable

Sound system, the THREE glove compartments, FIVE cup holders, the seat belt alarms, and the exterior design of the car. 

Mine doesn't have rear window wiper and I do miss it.

great gas mileage

Gas mileage = money in my pocket! Toyota reliability & super cute with the S package. 

Cute styling, gas mileage, aux audio jack.

Great seats, handling, gas mileage, aux jack for my iPod.

Hidden dash storage and lots of cup holders. The instrument panel in the center is a big plus. The fold down seats are perfect for traveling. It even provides a comfortable room for our big dogs to stretch out for the trip and still have a bit of room on the floor & back of the car for luggage!

Gas savings. Space inside for passengers and driver alike. 

Great fuel economy. smooth ride, comfortable seating. Center instrument panel is cool and not distracting. Love the CD player/ sound system. Great tight turning. Solid suspension. Great storage cubbys. Lots of back seat room and loads of room need to transport stuff with back seat folded down.

Cup holders and cubbies everywhere. Very well thought out interior. Fantastic paint job. Quality for a low price. Peppy performance. 40 Miles to the gallon! Woohoo. Smooth ride and nice handling. All my friends love it. The Price. Lots of room in the engine bay. Solid braking. Cargo space.

The fuel efficiency!!! It's presence on the road - super smooth & quiet during all driving conditions.

The speedometer and the interior of the car. 

The gas mileage per gallon of course! I do like the position of the odometer and speedometer. Gives the driver a feeling of having more room.

Fuel economy, handling, solid feel, build quality.

Camry-esque styling in front, Avalon-esque rear. Gauge styling is nice, better than anything in class or slightly above class (pwr pkg with tach).mp3 player integration.Very nice paint job. Single dashboard with no cutout for passenger airbag.

The AM&FM, CD with auto level sound was a feature that I thought was only for luxury cars.

GAS MILEAGE !!! Quality construction. Unique styling. Interior room

Super quiet, smooth ride, "cute" exterior, ergonomic interior, quick acceleration, FUEL MILEAGE!!!

I like the space inside. The handling and brakes are also great. It seems to have built better quality than a Mercedes. You can tell when you close the doors. For a ~$13k car that is saying a lot.

The interior design with the speedometer in the middle. I love the look of the front end along with of course, the gas mileage. Large trunk for the size of the car.

I like the fact that I can reach the gas and brake pedals without having to move the seat so far up that I can't turn the steering wheel easily.

The driver's side glove box!

Interior, fuel efficiency, dash board.

Interior design and driver and passenger spaciousness. Smooth ride. Overall looks.

Great entry-level car! Gas mileage is better than some large hybrids, and the price tag won't break the bank. Definitely a good buy if, like me, you want a cheap car that doesn't feel cheap.

Exterior design. Tons of room on the inside, interior style is really cute and I like the center console. Great gas mileage and inexpensive car payments. 



Comfortable seating. Unbelievably roomy interior. Tight, nimble handling. Fuel economy. Adjustable rear seat. Mp3 jack for stereo. Everything within easy reach in the engine compartment. All the attention when I drive it!

Custom Molded water-bottle holders in the door, AUX port for iPod standard, awesome automatic engine assistance when you are going down a hill.

Everything... the car looks great for an "entry-level" car, and is much larger than the price tag implies.

Great gas mileage. Comfortable Ride. Front end looks awesome. Low Price. Toyota Reliability.

What's not to love

The Yaris is amazing with gas I can travel non-stop for over 5-6 hour and still be good on gas. I've never seen anything like this before. With gas prices going up these days I believe this is a great feature to have.

Very comfortable, great handling around corners. Love the large cup holders. Nice interior trim. Good acceleration. Lots of storage compartments. Very easy to get used to the centre console.

Sits relatively high for a small car - don't feel like you're riding 2 inches off the ground. Love my keyless entry on the ignition key - only one thing to attach to the keyring instead of a remote as well.

The power package and safety features were a big draw.



Gas mileage, newer design, the console supports CDRW and MP3 discs, and also has an input for MP3 players. 

Center console (seems weird, but great for view and night vision. I like it), Nice factory radio with 6x9's in the back. Short shifter. Fold down rear seats. Perfectly placed cupholders. Can't help but smile when you see it. Oh, and the gas mileage is something to smile about

Dash, speedometer, stereo system

Love the exterior and interior style. Can't miss this car on the road. All the interior storage is great. I am 6'3", 200 lbs and can sit "behind myself" in the backseat. We also easily transported both of our folding bikes with the rear seat down. A/C works great, and wife loves the upholstery.

I like the looks, the feel and the little port where you can plug in the mp3 player or our xm radio.

Size and speed

Seat comfort and head/leg room.

Center mount gauges. Smooth manual tranny. Good stock sound system. Is way bigger inside than it seems from the exterior. Good passenger:cargo space ratio.

Roomy interior; excellent turning radius; brisk acceleration; quality of workmanship

How high the seating is in this car compared to others, you don't feel like you are driving a small car.

Tranny mileage stereo looks

Reliability, fuel economy, quality materials, reasonable performance

body style, stereo, digital gauges, interior space, hatchback, great gas mileage!!!

It's build quality and the fact it is a small car that dosen't feel like a small car. It's uniqueness.

Great gas mileage. 39 on the highway and 36-37 around town.

Exterior look with the power package and overall feel, runs smooth.

Looks, size, interior room (same as the Corolla) & of course price & mileage



I bought this as an inexpensive commuter car... so the price and mileage were most important. I am also pleased with the many small but important features... many cupholders... rear arm rest... big trunk

My favorite future is the CD stereo and the auxiliary input jack. I also like the speed meter in the middle, I feel is better visually when I am driving. 

Interior and exterior style (especially the gauges), quietness and comfort, dual overhead lights, fuel economy, the fact that the interior was designed more for the driver, Toyota reliability.

The seats are so comfortable and have that "minivan" kind of elevated feel. And oh yes- the gas mileage!

Interior room

It looks so cool (ok, cute) and is great on gas.

Exterior- the look from the front interior- gas milage and cup holders



Lots of accessories to customize it.

Easy to drive, comfortable, roomy, plenty of trunk space, good on gas, the tail end sits low enough to see while backing, sporty looking, plenty of cup holders.

I love the 60/40 fold down rear seats, big trunk, engine has easy access for maintanence. Great stereo with MP3 compatibility. 

The computer reminders are polite and helpful. 7 hours plus of high quality mp3 on a CD (with convenience package)- no special formatting needed. No power steering noise at all from the electric assist system.

The power package is well worth the price. I like the various storage compartments, and the trunk is quite large for such a small car. The fold- down seats are very useful.

Storage, "zoom" factor, very comfortable, sits high so you aren't blocked too much by SUVs

Room and gas mileage, looks better than the old Echo

Aux input with the mp3 player compartment right near the jack. nice because you dont have a cord stretching around the car like on the scion.

I am stoked about the gas mileage and the trusted Toyota longevity. My wife's favorite features: the cuteness factor and the comfort. She recommends "Bayou Blue" in color.

How the inside feels. It does not have the small car feel. I do not feel trapped in a tin can. 

 A good looking quality car. It has the same engine as my echo and I am sure it will hit 200,000 miles if you take care of it. A big improvement over the Echo. A lot of car for the money. Rated at 34 city and 39 highway. My echos get on the high end or better on the gas mileage with the same engine. 

Gas mileage is great, although not as much as I expected, even with me being a conservative driver. 

Gas mileage, power, ease of handling.

One of the best features is the interior space, I have gone on trips with 4 people, and no complains! it is very comfortable. You also can move many things around without problems! It is really useful in every sense

I am 6'2" and the room inside is more than I thought a small car could have. Very comfortable for me.

We have 3 kids which means 2 boosters and a large car seat, and we all 5 fit in the car, it also has a very large trunk. The car gets consistent 40 mpg , which is not nearly as good as the Echo but is still excellent. Dependability .

The only reason I bought and I am still driving the Yaris is for gas mileage.

Center dash where all the instruments are.

Fuel economy, go-kart handling, incredible cargo/passenger capacity for its size. It has 3 glove boxes, iPod jack, and more cubbies and cupholders than I know what to do with. Although the center-mounted controls and gauges took me a couple weeks to get used to, I haven't had any disappointments. 

The room, the storage, the size, the gas, EVERYTHING!

 Love the great gas mileage, sporty, stylish, really love the speedometer in the center of the dash. 

My favorite features consist of the stereo, strong fan, easy to us cruise and the adjustable drivers seat ++ MPG

Big trunk, great gas miles, very cute look.

Comfortable seats, exterior design is a vast improvement over the Echo. 

Great gas mileage, fun to drive, comfy and roomy. And great look. 



The interior design, I love the speedometer and stuff in the middle. Seats are comfortable. I also like the color options. You have to get the power locks and windows (why do they even offer manual?).

Peppy and fun to drive. Comfortable, roomy, and what great mileage for the money. The trunk is huge and I don't feel like I'm driving a small car, especially when I'm used to big SUVs. I really love my car!

IPod hookup every thing is perfect. Interior is perfect too. I am 6'2" and 300 lbs. so figure that one out.

Driver's seat comfort. Rear seat legroom, adjustable driver's seat height.

Gas mileage, fun to drive.

The seating comfort is marvelous! The driving control is sensitive and instantaneous, the gas mileage is a joy! joy! joy! The trunk on the sedan holds far more than one can imagine! The heating cooling systems, and radio are terrific! I love this car! Thank you Toyota.

Small body style is sporty, The gas mileage is awesome and the trunk space is fabulous! Easy to drive and get around in. Comfortable for the long summer vacation drive as well.

Fun, reliable, awesome turning radius.

All my life I've driven the bigger vehicles. When you speak of a smaller vehicle you imagine it will be twitchy on the highway, but not the Yaris. Impressibly smooth stability and very good comfort. I drive 70 miles daily and I'll tell you, I drive each mile very comfee.

Fuel economy and maneuverable.

Best gas mileage on the market without buying a hybrid or a Smart car. Best ride of any sub-compact. 

44-45 mpg highway mpg, instrument panel in the center, drivers seat can be raised up and down.

Everything - you get a perfect little car for a great price.

MPG

Cup holders, mileage, trunk. (Lots of space for compact car.)

Cubby holes in the dash board

Driver side cupholder holds our Garmin StreetPilot perfectly. Jade Sea Mist color. Comfortable seats. 

Odometer in center console an excellent idea. Fantastic gas mileage and amazing amount of storage space. I drove from Indianapolis to Louisville and only used a 1/4 tank of gas. Seven cup holders for such a small car is amazing. 

Enough trunk space to fit 2 storage bins, good gas mileage, everyone loves the gauges in the middle of the dashboard, fun cup holders and storage compartments, love the MP3 jack, roomy enough interior to fit 4 adults comfortably, and it feels safe.

Everything

All the cup holders and cubby holes

Exterior design. Overall style. Its a very sharp looking car for the price. The engine and transmission have pop. Its not hard to keep up with traffic. 

Passive rear steering under partial throttle really kills understeer and makes a seemingly dull fwd car more fun to drive. 

Everything being in the middle makes it different and the radio is nice. The low body kit makes it look sporty but girly at the same time. 

Options available, great on gas, easy to drive, easy to park, great FIRSTS car or great economical car, just the right size for anyone

Very ergonomic, that is, easy to get in and out of, see out of, use of controls; unique -- not too many hatchbacks yet, or Yarises in general; Toyota quality (I hope); gas mileage (35 overall); did I mention handling? I like the location of the cup holders; oil changes are easy.

I love the comfort of the interior and the smooth drive.

Fuel mileage, reliability.

Good styling, comfortable seating, very roomy for a subcompact. Great on gas.

Ability to raise driver seat up or down and better comfort adjustments compared to earlier model.



I like the room, I like the radio and the MP3 features it has. The trunk space is nice and there are numerous cubby holes and places to store stuff. Oh and I love the cupholders that disappear into the dash. 

FUEL-EFFICIENCY! Audio system is pretty cool, the sporty look to the car's exterior, the cool cup holders to the side, and the comfort and maneuverability of the car.

MPG, MP3 jack, and door panel water bottle holder.

The basic audio system sounds great, with the SRS technology! I really enjoy the height adjustment on the drivers seat. Pleanty of room in the trunk, especially if you fold down the split rear seat!

Everything. 

I was really happy that the stereo has the auxiliary port for my iPod. Also fog lamps are a really nice feature to have when you live in the country.

Love all the pockets, the adjustable back seats, the cargo space, and the FUN to drive it !

The trunk compartments located under the boot(trunk)panel are convenient for storing heaps of stuff. The look of the car beats out its competitors. 

All of them.

Small, zippy, Toyota, price, quality and the ablility to handle me as a driver.

Fuel economy: though I've only gotten above the rated fuel economy once (40.06 mpg), my average so far is right around 37 mpg. I love the feeling of buying 6 gallons of gas and knowing I'm set for a couple of weeks. Surprising amount of space, especially with the seats folded down.

Responsive manual transmission, roomy, smooth ride, great fuel mileage for a non-hybrid.

Gas mileage, ease of handling in parking lots, performance for an econobox.

Turning radius, 35ft. best ever recorded. Center dash. Looks (best in class). MPG (best in class).Toyota refinement and reliability. Trunk space.

