Really, the body styling is the selling point here. There's nothing it does mechanically that isn't done better by the Miata.

Looks, styling, handling. Fun factor. 

Exterior - it really turns heads and is a great looking car. The engine has plenty of power and the car handles wonderfully! 

I'm 6'2 and 220lbs and I fit comfortably in it, I don't fit in the Miata. The body styling is just awesome too, very nice looking car!

Convertible, Bat-mobile look. People have gotten whiplash and broken necks because of my car

Just about everything

The exterior is beautiful, the styling superior, chrome alloy wheels, Monsoon sound system, chrome accent package, I love the 5 speed transmission. A total blast to drive.

Exterior styling. I got the Bluestone color. Exhaust sounds pretty good.



Exterior head turner. Performance, especially with a manual, is so much fun, which I've never had in a car before.

Styling, ease of lowering and raising convertible top, short throw gear shift

The sleek lines

OnStar/hand controls on steering wheel/mute button on steering wheel/ability to adjust stereo sound to speed/wrap-around leather seats/vent design behind seats/"wing" shapes from fabric top/chrome on inside doors and shift panel/nice selection of add-on options/leg & head room!

Everything.

I love the stereo! It definetly makes the car go boom. I really love the whole car itself, everything else is just a bonus.

Exceptional style, fit, finish, smooth shifting, interior nice, controls pretty thought out. 

Exterior styling, handling of the road (wide wheel base) Interior styling. Price. Dealer treatment 

My favorite features include the OnStar system, the outstanding stereo system and the fact that it's fully loaded. Leaves you wanting nothing. 

Absolutely a blast to drive with eye catching styling.

Style and glove like feel of the leather seating. Manual 5 speed has nice pick up and engine growl.

Great sound system. The upgraded 18" wheels look great.

Totally unique appearance. Yellow/black a total eye-catcher. Wide look, grabs the road, ready to launch. Sharp handling. Interior well done, leather seats, XM radio and 'Monsoon' audio is outstanding (options). Fit of everything is 'tight'. Manual trans knob grabs nicely, very short-throw a pleasure

Without a doubt my favorite feature is the the styling. I have never owned a car that got so much attention and positive reaction from people..

Interior room and styling

Unrivaled good looks with a tenacious suspension. 

Styling,workmanship,price.

Great looks

Good looking top up or down. Red and black leather interior against the white exterior has people in awe that Saturn built this. The exhaust note is very nice.

The automatic transmisson is so smoothe that I do not notice the change. The turbo engine makes driving so enjoyable.

Sexy styling!

Super handling 260 HP Low-RPM + High torque!

Multiple style hints, initial conservative-look but hint of sassiness! First look gives an impression of Corvette front with a BMW backside.

Handling and acceleration are by far the most fun I've with any vehicle ever. Appearance, sound system, fuel economy rate very high as well. Averaging 28 mpg city and highway combined is exceptional.

Styling and the extremely quick response when stepping on the gas. I also like the sound system. I got black with completely black leather interior and I love it. Avoid drinking anything in my car so cup holders not really an issue.

Top down process is quick and simple even for my 5'5' wife.

The exterior lines of the car, especially with the top down are beautiful. The seats (I got the optional leather package) offer good support and excellent comfort. The premium sound system w/ steering wheel controls offers excellent sound and convenience.

The overall apperance is what I like, a mini Corvette.

Styling is beautiful. It's fast!

Style, traction, and design under the hood.

The handeling, it grips the road like nothing else in its price range.

The car is beautiful, inside and out. What more can I say?

Looks, handling, comfort, price, acceleration

Looks, power, handling, stereo system

Looks, drivers head room, handling

Looks, handling, acceleration, and price.

Step on the gas and go,go,go. This car throws you back in your seat.

I think the car has the looks of a Viper and I think it's going to do well in sales.

Style. Bucket leather seats and leather steering wheel. Headlights. Turbo and suspension. Speed and corners.

I love the turbo! It has a great amount of torque, really puts you in the seat. The interior is so comfortable, and I think its very stylish!

Body styling, no doubt. Best views: outside from the front end looking back or look of wide, long hood when driving. With top down. Interior - mine is red and black - looks beautiful. Handles tight and shifts even tighter. MP3/CD/XM Radio on the excellent sound system.

Design and styling

Obviously the look and feel of the car, especially with the top down.

Love the clam shaped trunk. Seat comfort. Viewing ease of the interior instruments, and the look!



I love the color.

Monsoon radio sounds excellent. Leather and chrome wheels are quality fit and finish. Cup holders work fine. 

Exterior styling. Ease of operation.

XM radio. Exterior styling draws attention. Like the chrome wheels and the Monsoon audio.

Head turning body style coupled with a sexy interior. Quick response from under the hood as the turbo kicks into high gear. 

Turbo, pin to your seat power.

My favorite feature is the exterior design. It is like driving a Corvette and Solstice all in one. The interior design is rich looking for the price.

This car looks and performs great. 

It's overall beauty, the sound system is great, I like the XM and the OnStar. The seats are good and wide. 

I love the exterior of the vehicle. I also love that GM is not making a huge amount of them to keep them special and in demand.



Styling. Saturn service

Seating and convertible

Great looks.

Styling! 

The way it drives, the sporty look, the low cost and the zip the motor has.

The upgraded sound system with the 6 CD changer an XM radio really rocks. The bass behind the passangers seat vibrates real nice, so I'm told. 

The OnStar and satellite radio are great, especially if you live in a rural area with little reception. I love the way this car handles and the quick acceleration. Shifts smoothly and looks great going down the road.

Style, comfortable seats. Audio sound awesome. Manual top easy to operate.

Traffic stopping looks, quite literally. Great gas mileage, 24mpg average, even though I drive like a 17 year old boy. Handles like it's on rails. Great looking rims and tires!

Satellite radio. OnStar. Projector beam headlamps, and the quality of the interior appointments.

How it looks and handles. Comfortable seats, fantastic stereo. Love OnStar and hands free calling. The ease of putting the top up and down.

Exterior styling and comfort

This car handles the road and the styling is super.

Styling, styling, styling.

Great styling. Amazing handling. Monsoon Audio system is superb.

Outside design. Interior is beautiful. Tight steering. Fun to drive!

The styling of the front grille and fenders are what sets this car off. A little Vette and a little Viper make this car attractive to men and women, young or old. The 18" tires/wheels also give it a powerful stance 

Interior and exterior design is my favorite.

Looks great and has good power for a 4 cylinder. Great on country roads and on the interstate. Holds the road like a glove. Love the way it handles in the mountains. Like the 18" tires. Radio is great and works fine with the top down.

Exterior of the car. Comfortable and safe driving. 



Styling is great, handling is wonderful. It's hard to believe this car was $28,000 out the door. 

Exterior design

Handling. Sound when starting. Driving. Mute button, controls on steering wheel

Exterior styling

Looks and comfort. Fun to drive.

The look of the car!

My favorite feature is the actual eye appeal of the car.

This car is an attention getter. I love the lines of the car. Every time you go anywhere you come out and there are people admiring this vehicle. One Corvette owner was going to trade in his car for one. Everyone loves it. 

Exterior design. Peppy engine (Redline would be nice, but I usually don't go 120.) Relatively quiet ride with the top up.

Sexy styling



AC, power windows, OnStar free for a year.

The looks, the looks, the looks. Incredible exterior design. Comfy seats. No sexier car on the road (and certainly not for any less than 20k more than you'd pay for a Sky).

The style overall

The looks

The body style is quite edgy compared to the Pontiac Solstice

Styling, interior room. Fit and finish. Really fun to drive



It has all the feature I need and enjoy. The way it holds the road and handles like a high priced sports car.

I love the dash layout.



