Easy and fun to drive, dependable.

Like the exterior and interior looks! 

I love the way it drives. It is a very fun car and it looks sharp!! The price is great, and the compliments are amazing. Everyone thinks its a top of the line sports car that was real expensive. Little do they know! 

Styling, MPG, reliability.

Price, styling, great front wheel drive handling in snow, windy conditions. Factory rims a cool! Good quality in and out. Performance is acceptable for our commuter use of the car. Solid car overall. We are so impressed with this car that we are looking at a Hyundai SUV for the Wife. 



cute car, but might be a piece of junk

Dual exhaust, pioneer sound system, exterior lights, interior, and Trunk space.

Exterior body style, Ability to add performance parts without vioding warranty.

Cornering, sunroof, automatic climate control, comfortable seats

The exterior design is stunning, if the Tib has no logo on it to identify the manufacturer, it would have look like some expensive and exotic sports car.

Cloth/leather sports seats, European sport suspension, smooth transmission, MPG indicator on dash, great cabin heating/cooling (key in the Midwest!), instrument cluster/interior lighting, Traction control/ESC, sports tires (we also bought winter tires for Midwest winters--good call this year!)

Sunroof

Fav feature is the body style,sleek,unique is beautiful on the road.

Kenwood Stereo system, shiftronic, exterior and interior design

Handling, cornering, acceleration, throttle response, looks, ride, road noise is minimal to none, small back seats=keeps my friends from wanting to ride but allows kids to have a comfy and roomy ride. Price:Performance is outstanding. Bad weather handling and gas mileage is great.

Sweet interior lighting, eye catching rims, kick a** sound system, nice tone to exhaust system.

New front and rear lights. Blue illuminated interior. Tight chassis and steering.

What I liked the most is the sound system, blue lights, and the red leather sport seats along with 17"rims, wing, dual exhaust pipes, fog lights, and moonroof...

6 spd manual. Electronic stability control. Leather bolster seats. Blue dash lighting. Huge track bars.

the six speed manuel, and the interior its make me feel like i am in a real sports car.

European sports car styling, along with ergonomic interior convenience, makes this eye catcher a win win! My next door neighbor, who is not big on compliments, went out of his way to rave about the Tiburon styling. He compares it to his 3x as much Lexus.

Looks! Handling and Exceleration. Leather hugging seats.Fun,Fun,Fun!

The Infinity Sound System, the look, how it handles, and the comfort, all excellent!

I love the fact that it is a front-wheel drive sports car. This allows the car to handle better than other sports cars in snowy weather. Shift-tronic is also a lot of fun! 

The styling and performance. Everyone is very impressed on the styling of it.





Interior and exterior styling, the gas millage, the sunroof, the way it handles in the turns, the way people look at you when you pass by and the comments you get from friends and coworkers. 

I love the interior of the SE

Sleek design - it's sporty but classy at the same time and the handles like a dream

The exterior design, the attention to detail, the responsive handling, the torque and the fun factor! The ShiftTronic automatic transmission was a delightful surprise! Parallel parking is easy with the Tiburon. My wife sometimes had problems parallel parking her Honda Civic - but not with this car!

My Red laether bolsters and aluminum foot pedals

The whole care is very sleek and fun...

The blue backlit displays are awesome. The sound system is also very nice.

INFINITY SOUND SYSTEM IS AWESOME AND LOOKS ON OUTSIDE ARE AMAZING 

I love the handling in tight turns and the high end acceleration on the highway.... I can be tooling along at 65-70 in 5th gear, and when I slip it into 6th, it's like a slingshot.

Interior - lighted console, in blue, ease of use

There are some neat design features built into this vehicle. One of my favorites is that you can leave the headlight switch in the on position and once you remove your key they turn off. I never have to worry about accidentally leaving them on. 

Clearly the styling. Very clean and integrated in and out. Also, the solid feel of a much heavier vehicle.

Entire Car is pure QUALITY crafted. This car is totally loaded including Tire Pressure Monitoring System to 4 speed automatic transmission with SHIFTRONIC function. EXCELLENT buy for this AMERICAN.

The exterior style of this car is awesome...a real beauty. The interior is nice as well. It has features that normally you would have to pay for with other manufactures. 

Interior is plush tremendous improvement over last years model, glad i waited and the transmission is very responsive especially for a 2.7 liter v6.

