exterior looks, handling

4WD; size, not to big not to small; handling.

Driving experience. I'd always wanted a Jeep.

Runs and drives great , 6 speed manual trans is nice .

Tow cap Off the lot OFF ROAD ability

Heated seats, sunroof, compass, the height. 

Inclement weather capability, maneuverability, appearance.

Looks, on-road handling combined with off-road ability, good towing vehicle, sticks to snow, pulled like a big boy in low range. Price, for what you get, is incredible.

Handling is superb! By throwing crap Chrysler parts and petroleum oils and using good ones the mileage is much better from 16 to 25mpg, and a lot of extra power. Much more fun to drive. Quick, nimble and a real keeper.

Holds the road, is responsive, great maneuverability, great visibility, great styling, 

Peppy V6, rear windows roll down 100% (unless broken), cargo space, turns on a dime, handling is great, satellite radio, auto locking doors and grocery hooks (my wife lets things roll around like crazy in the back)

Comfortable, Has plenty of backseat leg room. The overall driveability is great. 

Smooth shifting 4X4 transfer, back tailgate swings wide and back window automatically opens up and out the way, dashboard controls are well designed, easy to reach, fans throw lots of heat on those cold winter days, solid ride, responsive steering, this Jeep grips the road in every condition! 

Cute vehicle.

Style-looks-drive-mpg is ok, could be better. Salesman told me 25 mpg but no way with a 3.7L 6 cyl. 

Looks like a Jeep, Acts like a Jeep

Small and could fit into small parking places, Heat and A/C work very well, perfect for a college girl 

Overall engine power is good and is fun to drive.

Everything!

Good looks. Rugged. Reliable. Decent gas mileage on a long trip for an SUV.

Does great in the snow, snow covered hills. Drives nice. Just the right height. I love my Jeep, just not the inferior parts.

The size is nice for everyday use.

None at this point.

with new good plugs, very quick, smooth acceleration curve, nimble, tight turning radius, great gas mileage.

very cute design, good acceleration

The Liberty is really fun to drive. Quick and drives well in any type of weather. Neat spot for cup holders and window controls in the back seat. Roomy cargo area. Just big enough to be a comfortable SUV but not too overpowering. 

I like the fact that it's a suv and can be used to haul things. It's not big and bulky. I like the interior and the back seat. The cup holders are in the right place. The seat covers are made of a good fabric.

Generally, it a reliable machine that handles well when you want an SUV to act live an SUV - in the snow and off road. The best deal in the price range with the best warranty and the only one with luxury features like heated seats and leather

Love the small dash, gives a better view of the road. Quick little V6 that moves through traffic. Easy to maneuver & parks anyplace. Turns on a dime. Very comfortable to drive, will be nice on trip this summer. With gas @ $4 gas mileage a big plus I wanted an SUV so expected to do worse. Love the key.

Nice size, easy to drive and feels solid when you are in it. I like the cup holders in the back doors for the kid's drinks. Good sounding radio and CD player.

I love the satellite radio. The peppy V6 engine. The space and cargo area. The outlet in the cargo area. Ability to run the AC adapter with the engine turned off (charge batteries and other things). Compact dash, a mix between the Cherokee and Wrangler.

4x4, ruggedness, style, smooth ride

6 speed manual back hatch design 

Air works excellent, engine has power when I need it, keyless entry, dependability.

Satellite radio, where the controls are located on the steering wheel, style of vehicle, not badly priced



The style. I was surprised at the comfort of the seats, although they could be a little lower for us shorter people.

Good color combos, quality of interior trim. Fit and finish on interior / exterior. Mileage isn't too bad either.

Overhead console, steering wheel controls, and chrome look.

ABS, traction control and electronic stability system really do a good job of handling varying road conditions where 4x4 is not indicated. 

I love the Inferno Red and the interior is very comfortable. My son loves the windows that go all the way down in the back, but I like the safety locks on them.

4x4 drive system. Solid, heavy feeling and safety features that I didn't expect like electronic stability control, ABS, side curtains, pretension seat belts. Exterior design of 06/07 models is better than '08 model which is too boxy.

The 4x4 system. Interior space in a compact SUV. Excellent build quality. The automatic transmission shifts smoothly.

Styling, handling, truly exceptional off-road capability right off the showroom floor. A very nice package in at a very attractive price.

Sirius radio. Electronic tire monitor. Electronic compass and temperature

Engine. Styling. Roomier cargo than it lets on. Very responsive handling.

We love the fold down rear seat. And it drives like a sports car. It has a firm, but not harsh ride.

Six-speed transmission, both on and off road handling, a real two speed transfer case, axle articulation, ground clearance, and minimal overhang. The spare tire is where it should be - out of the way on the tailgate. This helps ground clearnce off the road.

Handling, comfort, accessories, cargo area, 4WD that gets through the winter snows and poor road maintenance by the municipal and state authorities.

Ground clearance, torquey V6, style, 6 speed manual, 4WD.

The ride and look.

Looks and handling.

Small enough to park at a crowded mall, but big enough to take the family camping in the Poconos. And snow on our mountain requires a 4x4 vehicle.

