All of the room in the backseat. The cup holders are great too.

The sc look. It makes this car look very sporty. I love the wheels. And the center console.

Interior space, hauling capabilities.

There's nothing I don't like about it.

The look is cool and the space in the rear is great. Love the ability to easily move the seats around without removing them.

Lots of space inside

Stereo system, comfort, very peppy engine, ease of maintenance all around (interior, exterior)

Rubberized floor mats. Fun to drive and great for hauling stuff.

Everything, looks, color, performance, safety and weird

Interior room, manual transmission option, small footprint, decent handling capability.

The roomy cabin and removable rear seats are great features

stepping up to get in vehicle as opposed to scrunching down, xm radio, large easy to read controls, versatility with seats, its unique look, rubber floor - so easy to clean, tinted privacy windows in back, tailgate, general roominess - I could go on and on....

Interior space, esp. with seats out. Was able to move small washer/dryer, on second trip twin bed with frame,headboard and a bunch of other junk. Wifes 08 RAV couldn't hang

It looks kinda cool, quirky new cool wheels good XM radio

Inside seating arrangements that can be changed to accommodate the wet dog, large junk, or four passengers -- all in a matter of minutes.

Utility, interior space (can you say cavernous?), pep, quality and reliability. Re-configurable rear seats (and the room it creates). Ease of controls, well laid out.

Seven speaker sounds system; Easy cleaning of interior; Cargo space; seating flexibility; Remote entry; Full size spare tire; Ride comfort; TPMS

My favorite items are the awesome sound system that plays all formats, rubber floor, highly legible gauges, and the mutli-configurable rear seats.

Waterproof interior (I really have taken a hose to the interior). Easy to clean (a vacuum works wonders) Super flexible seating (lie flat for a bed, fold up one or both back seats) Low cost Better than average fuel efficiency Very comfy for all passengers Very flexible, all situation vehicle

Driver seat back support, utility, easy ingress & egress, headlights, handling, quaint appearance, split rear door, turning radius, ease of parking, traction, reliability, workmanship, seat coverings, rubber (not carpet) floors, immense doors, perfect size. Plenty of pickup.

Cargo space and the ease of use. 

Cargo space ride, reliabilty, funness 

Transmission, suicide doors, and the stereo. Gas mileage so far has been 24 mpg in mixed driving.

AWD, air bags, looks, standard features, fit and finish, no carpeting, 4 wheel disk brakes, XM radio, suicide doors, moonroof, cargo space, handling, engine and trans, gas mileage, Consumer Reports rating, 

Small fuel friendly SUV. Lots of room. Stain/water resistant interior. Fully reclining seats 

Plenty of interior room, rear legroom, low load height, fold up seats, decent performance for 3500 lb car w/ 4 cylinder engine. The 18" rims and sleek front end make for an attractive package. Honda reliablity!

The stereo with XM is fantastic. The rubber floors are cake to clean, just a paper towel and water. Seats are great and they are very stain resistant. 

New SC trim for '07, 18" rims, spacious interior, cubbies everywhere, flip-up rear seats, holds a large golf bag easily, powerful stereo, Ipod jack, standard XM radio, Honda reputation and quality (no more expensive German electric/mechanical bugs!)

Integrated XM, BIG subwoofer, iPod plug-in, Jeep look, FIVE speed automatic in my 2007 EX, 166 HP is just right, quick out and in back seats, colored fenders, OH junk box, 12 volt plugs, extra cup holders, alloy wheel look, split rear doors, in-wheel controls, seats make into bed, vinyl floor.

Seats are very comfortable for my 6'4" 230 lbs. Ride and handling are good although with typical Honda road noise.

Roomy interior, extreme fabric, easy to clean floor, smooth manual transmission, 75 cubic feet cargo , agility, boxy look

Head room can't be beat. Clam shell tail gate. Waterproof seats. Wipe clean interior. Feel of the rack & pinion power steering. Car-like ride. Haul it all interior space. 170 watt radio and XM.

Roomy interior, interior material is excellent, manual transmission, agility.

Well thought out interior. Seats are super comfortable, lots and lots of room.

Believe it or not, I love the fact that it looks different. The standard sound system is great, I love the color and versatility. 

The look-in and out-,seating, ride, color (tango red pearl). Xm radio is okay (husband's car has a higher tech version I love). 

Where to begin; love the moon roof near the rear, In-dash XM Satellite Radio, Dashboard lighting, Back Seat roominess, The cup holders rock; ease of putting the back seats up, interior is VERY easy to clean (dog hair comes right off), Ipod Jack (just buy connector at Best Buy, much cheaper)...

Favorite new features: Five speed automatic, new gauges & lighting, higher horsepower, & XM radio. Favorite overall features: rubber floor, removable seats, value, versatility, & tailgate. 

Suggested Improvements

Interior seating flexibility.

Everything! I love the high ceilings and how roomy it is.

Love the rubber inside. My dog makes big messes in my car when we go hiking or to the dog park. I have no fear of stains and know the clean up will be done with ease.

Everything! Looks; spacious, versatile interior; rear tailgate; steering wheel mounted audio and cruise controls; XM radio. The tight turning radius makes it easy to handle and maneuver, even in crowded parking lots. Mileage is good for the type of vehicle. And it's just plain fun!

Hose-out flooring...interior bike mounts...roominess...turning radius...gas mileage...

I like the STADIUM SEATING. My friends used to fight to ride shotgun but now backseat isn't a problem, its a luxury. GREAT sound, comes with subwoofer! COOL rims. I like the Tribal design.

Funky looks, tons of add-ons, smooth engine, Honda reliability

Car design. interior room.

The looks on the SC are worth the extra $. No plastic, even on the top. The front end design is much more appealing as well. The handling is what I love the most. The storage capacity is awesome as well. 

As weird as it might sound, the composite floor won me over the day I saw it in the showroom. It turns out to be all that I had hoped it would. I have two dogs and my girlfriend has two young kids, so being able to clean it easily really makes my day. 

Safety, XM radio free for 3 months, radio controls on steering wheel, side curtain air bags, fold up/removable seats, leg/head room, plenty of storage, great sound system, 18" alloys, great color (galaxy gray) etc.

The ride!!

-Cool headlights -Awesome wheels! -Great stereo -Integrated XM -Tons of storage -Center console compared to EX model -Sporty handling and peppy off the line for a 4-banger

I love the sound system, It hugs the road like a sports car and easily carries anything I need to haul. My first tank of gas it got 25 MPG in mixed driving. I love the split tail gate/ Hatch back.

fuel economy (much better than our Astro vans) All-wheel drive, VSC painted plastic panels, reliabilty

My favorite feature is being able to flip the seats up and haul large supplies. The toddlers and adults riding in middle love being able to see out the windows. They seem to have as much fun riding as the front seat passengers.

Like the root beer color available only on the SC model. Nice stadium- like front and rear chair seats.

XM Stereo. Functionality. Economical. 

Style, room, features, hauling capability. This car has "Bling". Monochromatic look is sweet. I love "root beer"

Styling. New 5 speed automatic makes the car feel more peppy. GREAT sound system. Tons of cargo room. SAFE! and of course, Honda reliability and slow depreciation.

I really like the sunroof that is in the back. I can open that and my Saints can get all the air they need. Also the utiliy floor and waterproof seats are a big plus,they are easy to clean after having two messy, 190 lb. dogs that drool. Basically I just love this car. I wouldn'y give it up.

roominess.

The interior room in this vehicle allows 4 adults to ride in absolute comfort. Rear seat passengers experience limo-style leg room and the stadium seating allows rear seat passengers to look over the head of the front seat passenger instead of the back of their head. Versatile interior.

Very roomy, suicide doors, power (considering it's a 4 cylinder), placement of shifter and user controls, seat configurations, fun to drive, versitle for "any" lifestyle, poly floor makes cleanup easy, interior tie down anchors, plenty of room for pets, bikes, etc. bikes

cool color tango red pearl, stereo sounds great, handles well for small car, nicer ride than my old 97 crv

My favorite features are the multiple configurations of the interior seating. You can literally turn the interior into a comfortable sleeping area. The interior is designed to be cleanable with ease and everything is stain resistant. The build quality of the vehicle is outstanding...it is a Honda

I am 6'1" and it has tons of head room.

New features over the 06s, 5 speed auto trans, the way the door latches on the inside work and the front seat belts in the seats not on the body. Much easier to get people out of the back seats without the front seat people needing to unfasten their belts. The new gauge colors are cool too.

Easy clean interior, seats fold down to make a bed, back sunroof, safety features.

