The shear size of the vehicle!! I feel totally safe when driving this SUV on highways and interstates. All the safety features such as VSA and simply the Tire-Pressure Monitoring make for a worry free trip.

Adaptability for 8 passengers when needed. Handling, Ride, Controls (The radio is not loud enough with the windows open though).

Love the driver storage. Love the heated seats. Love the dual A/C. Love the sound system. Love the versatility with the seating. Love the height. Love, love, love it all.

Everything is relatively well located and easy to use. Nice climate control; plenty of storage. A very well built, quiet, comfortable car

Ride, comfort, and gas mileage. Beat what a Tahoe or equivalent would get.

I love the heated seats although we really don;t need them as much in the south. The controls on the steering wheel is a great asset. By far, the third row seats that completely fold down were the seller for me. My young daughter is already 5'10 but fits nicely in the third row seats.



Room, comfort, and performance.

Power/acceleration, exterior design, cargo room, easy city parking vs. other suvs, takes regular gas vs. premium in acura...

Great Value for Money. DVD is in the front dash so you can swap them out without stopping the car. Huge boot space and comfortable third row seating. Good mileage. Lots of storage space and door pockets. Airbags all round, side, curtain, etc.



VSC and traction management system, attention to detail in interior design

Enough room for 6 big guys. Flat folding 2nd and 3rd row seats. 3 120v A/C outlets.



smooth ride. 



Everything!!!

Climate control, dashboard lights, fog lights, center console layout, takes any octane gasoline, high safety ratings.

Split 2nd and 3rd row seats. Dash layout and design. Build quality.

244 hp 3.5L i-VTEC engine w/VCM. A ton of power for smooth acceleration. Very quiet smooth ride. Handles like a dream. The 2004 model was a bit underpowered (problem corrected in 2007). The 2007 is also quieter than a 2004.

FUN,Great acceleration-much better than my 5.4 L Expedition. The interior is awesome-typical Honda fit and finish. The front and middle row leather seats are very comfortable and there are lots of storage pockets, cup holders and 12 V jacks. Interior room and quality are much better than the Explorer.

Visibility, in town maneuverability, ease of access, and useful storage space.

Drivers seat is the most comfortable I have ever had. Fold down third row seating. reliability transmission is soooo smoooth very nimble steering for 2,500 lbs.

Center console storage. Auto climate control. Rear seats that fold flat. Drivers window auto up/down with a touch of the button. Electronic Stability Control. Best feature of all.. IT's a Honda!

Overall versatility

Items I especially liked: --3 rows of seating. --comfortable clean interior --smooth ride and engine performance --spring for the leather; it's a must --VTEC's VVT high RPM acceleration was lights out --larger (heavier body) and smaller engine than my Ford Explorer, yet fuel economy is better.

Lots of peep

Well laid out dash and user controls. NAV. Seat comfort. Back-up camera (a must)

Being able to adjust the seat to any height, big windshield with no obstructions, on wheel radio & cruise control, everything is within reach. Nice smooth ride and great pickup.

I really enjoy the Pilot. I would put the gear shift knob in the middle, not on the steering wheel. I highly recommend Honda to everyone ! I know, this is not in anyway normal, what I am going through. It's comfortable, drives nice, except the Loud clunking noise,when turning on the a/c,& now the car

Honda quality and reliability. Easy to drive. V-6 engine. Roomy interior and optional 3rd row seating. Modest appearance; doesn't look like a beast. Minimal blind spots.

Fold flat 3rd row seats.

Voice activated command feature, including NAVI and XM Sat Radio

Not as fancy as my last vehicle, but has most of the features, Everything is easy to read, reach and use. Nav. a good feature. If ever needed, third row seating a plus.





My daughter loves the rear seat entertainment system. I like the XM satellite radio. This is our first car with a sunroof.

Two separate covered storage areas in the center console. Throaty growl of the V6. Steering wheel radio controls. XM radio. All kinds of space. 

Reliability and Comfort

The Pilot handles great. The navigation system works well. More cargo space then I expected.

navigation, xm radio is great and just knowing you have the option of pulling out the third row for extra seating 

Exterior & interior design, the color (pearl cherry w/ saddle) close to a show car. Thanks again

It has nifty storage capacity.

This SUV handles like a car and I am used to being high up and fell in love with it. I wished I could have afforded the Nav. system which is Awesome!

leather seats, folding 2nd and 3rd row, seat heater, powered seat, smoooooth handling and suspension

Regular unleaded gasoline!!!! The NAVI system is super! XM radio, heated seats, and the back-up camera are the best.

radio controls on the steering wheel, power seat comfort riding level



Navigation system. Lots of little extras. Comfortable arm rest (which is why I bought it over the Highlander.) 

Seating/cargo flexibility -- room for 8, or fold the seats and carry lots of stuff. Better than our old Dodge minivan. Also like the XM Satellite -- too bad we don't get a signal in Hawaii!

We are ex-minivan customers and like the squareness of the interior. Shoulder room and greenhouse height makes these a very nice medium sized SUVs. The 110v plug-in for charging small appliances is very handy.

Exceptionally utilitarian



Navigation system rear camera rear seating 

XM Satellite Radio!

None

Good paint and fit. Spare tire has decent access. Good ride for SUV, not sloppy and soft. Pretty good in a record Wisconsin winter.

Large interior space, quiet ride, handles almost like a car, not like a truck ride at all

4WD, suspension and steering

3rd row folds down, climate control for front and back seats, storage space, roomy inside

Comfort. Fit and Finish

Electronic stability control, and AWD when needed saved my bacon a few times this winter. Very comfortable for an over 6 footer like me.

Sunroof (optional), xm radio, 8 person seating capacity





Plenty of storage and seating flexibility. If you have kids under 5' tall, the 3rd row seating is a must on longer trips (peace maker). The center console/storage area is great.

I have the Dark Cherry exterior with the peanut butter interior and can feel the eyes on me as I drive by. 

interior room, seats, craftsmaneship, quality, reliability

Climate control, cargo capacity. Small closing storage area in rear. Good power 

Ground clearance, ride height, fit and finish, seating options, center console, rear hidden storage.

The navigation system and the comfortable leather seats. The controls layout on the dash. Easy to use. For some strange reason with the Pilot, you can't have DVD system coupled with the NAVI like the current Odyssey. It's a family SUV so you should have an option for both. Where's IPod and bluetooth

Center console space, nite light, NAV with rear camera, LED dash display, 8 people seater.

Very comfortable interior, good headroom, smooth ride. Seats fold flat for cargo and fold and slide smoothly. Leather interior is supple but durable and comfortably firm. Plenty of storage space in the console area. Dead pedal is well placed and accel. pedal is agreeably resistant. Easy to drive.

Heated seats and mirrors, solid feel and good ride. Plenty of power and the "econo" mode provides good mpg. Great dealer service

Handling, satellite radio

There are to many to list, but a few are: Maintenance Minder, takes all the guesswork out of your maintenance schedule. Front and side air bags. 3 cylinder shut down when you reach hwy. speed, giving you better than expected fuel economy.

Comfortable seats, lots of cool compartments, rear visiblility.

CD player, sun roof, sits high, nice turning radius.

Smooth, quiet ride (for an SUV). Plenty of storage, safety, reliable, moon roof, XM, steering wheel controls, climate control, leather, big roomy tailgate area for football games/road trips, etc. 

Heated seats and the sound system 

I absolutely love the hidden storage in the back. I play a lot of golf and all of my accessories, shoes, gloves, balls, towels, etc fit in there nicely. Also like the storage bin between the two front seats. Nice catch-all if you're normally driving a messy vehicle. The XM radio is great.

Flexibility of 2nd & 3rd row storage/seating, interior space is comfortable. Tire pressure monitor, side curtain air bags, and vehicle stability assist.



Attractive exterior, quiet ride, accelerates and handles well.

I am not sure.



Roominess, power when needed, stereo, overall style

Safety ratings (utmost priority), practicality, value, resale prediction, comfort, power, easy to drive (like a taller, longer Accord) plain and simple sensibility, rear seat A/C for our toddler son. Probably won't ever need third row, but like that it was included if needed. simple options packages.





Safety features, exterior and interior design,dual air/heating controls, luggage capacity, dash lighting, simple layout of all controls, seat comfort, great ride and very quiet. We can hardly feel or hear the transmission shift. It's simply the best vehicle we have ever purchased! Thanks again Honda!

Stereo system, DVD system (with wireless headphones). Can I say "the smell of leather"? Gas mileage.

Third row seating. Ample leg room. Quiet ride. Smooth handling. Impressive acceleration. Decent gas mileage

Comfort and economy.

Center console space, separate AC controls in back, folding seats, tinted windows, side airbags, moonroof, interior size.

Spacious on the inside. Air conditioning works well. 

Ultimate list of safety features, fog lights standard, stow and go third row seat. Great seating and comfort for young children. They can look out the windows with straining their necks. It sure beats are we here yet!

DVD system for the kids, available 4WD, layout and lighting of gauges, plenty of safety features, versatility of fold flat 60/40 split 2nd and 3rd rows, Honda reliability and low ownership costs. 



Acceleration is great. Roomy 2nd row, leg and head room. Love the heater and A/C for keeping people comfortable in back. Third row lays flat and out of site. Lot's of cargo space. Air bags all over the place, if needed. Seems like a sturdy vehicle.

Engine, XM radio, rear camera

Curtain air bags surrounds all the passengers, 

Fit and finish are top notch. Very little road noise. Seats are very comfortable. High safety ratings. I'll say it again, mileage is very good for an SUV!

Fold flat third row, roomy interior for 8, with cubbies for storage, XM radio, heated seats. Honda fit and finish and reliability

Great seats. Good looks. Comfortable. Saddle interior color is great. Nice exhaust sound. Honda should make the tan interior color available on more exterior colors.

Favorite feature is the auto air, set it and forget it.

Suggested Improvements

Size, ride, interior room, looks and feel. Lots of storage in the front seat area.

We really like our XM/stereo system. We could even enjoy the sound system from the 3rd row of seats as well as have the A/C cooling us quite well. Nice quiet ride and the leather seats are comfortable. Of course we love the safety features and the exterior styling has a nice fluid line to it.

Ride quality, steering wheel controls, storage, interior room, headlights are great

Heated seats, CD changer, sound, very attractive front bumper!

Flat folding 2nd and 3rd row seats In-dash 6 cd changer. Comfortable driver and passenger seats. Smooth, quiet and comfortable ride. Honda quality and reliability 

Rear entertainment system, climate control, heated seats, comfy ride, third row seating that fits adults.

Stereo is very nice. Compartments! I don't have a messy car anymore! 3rd seat really does seat adults. Rear cup holders. DVD is fun for those long trips - comes w/wireless headphones so you can listen to radio while rear passengers listen to a movie! 

Rear air unit, TPM, safety features. VTX-4 locking feature, although I am not sure I will ever need it from what I have read. I think the ride and maneuverability are great. Instrumentation/gauges layout. I am not big on the digital displays.

Standard XM radio, subwoofer standard, variable transmission for fuel economy, quality leather heated front seats.

Steering wheel controls, side curtain airbags on all 3 rows, lots of cupholders and storage, 3rd row seat, shoulder belts for every passenger and extra storage compartment in back.

Audio System, arm rest, leather seats and amount of cargo space.

quiet engine. 

Heated leather seats. XM radio. 

Smooth, powerful engine, AWD, interior space and features, build quality.



The best thing about the Pilot is its ability to seat eight adults. 

Navigation system is accurate and easy to follow.

Leather seats, response, great acceleration and handling.

DVD, AWD, safety features.

Heated leather seats, xm satellite radio, folding 3rd row, large cargo space with seat down, reliability. One of the safest cars on the road which is important to me.

Smooth and comfortable ride. Cavernous space. Solid build. Generous standard safety features incl VSA, side curtain airbags. Comfortable driving feel. Electronically controlled A/C.

Radio control in the steering wheel, heated seats, XM radio, very comfortable, great for long trips.

Comfort, rear entertainment center, fold flat 3rd row seat. Most of all the safety features and ratings. The clear tail lights are sharp.

Size is very spacious.

All of the storage in the center console, the large amount of trunk space, and it's just really fun to drive.

I would say my favorite feature is the actual character that the car exudes... it has a personality of its own that I can't explain but I like it. However, if I had to point out one favorite feature it would be plushness of the cloth seats and an engine that wants to get up and go! 

Great Nav and audio system. I love the XM. 

XM radio, DVD, steering wheel instruments, large stowage area, firm leather seats great for long drives, sunroof, peppy engine, great 4x4 in snow, responsive handling for SUV of this size, all the storage area in the driver and front passenger area. Easy laydown 2nd/3rd row seats. 2nd row controls.

None

