I like the Fast most of all. Seats are nice, too--better than WRX. I can fit a huge sub cabinet or a half dozen trombones in the back, so the cargo capacity is really nice for a fast car.

Speed... it's in the name. This car has way too much power. I wasn't expecting it during a test drive but it sent me home thinking "oh my god... that's too fast!"

Turbocharger, Bose audio system, exhaust note, braking and cornering capabilities, overall build quality at this price level.

263 HP, 280 lbft. Superb handling.

I love the horsepower and the interior. I like to get up and go with speed and this car allows me to do so. The inside is beautiful. I would seriously recommend it.

It's in the name. Speed. It's fast. It gets me there, and quickly. 

Power band. The low torque peak with such a high peak number allows easy driving in any gear, even up hill at 70 mph with the cruise on, you'd never know it. Take a few twisty roads and learn how it pulls, how the body roll works, best FWD auto-x ever.

The power and the feeling of the turbo pushing you along. The way it handles with minimal understeer and roll. Controls all placed perfectly. GPS. The transmission thats slick with short and close throws. The way the car looks wheather moving fast or standing still while everyone admires it. 

Speed, stability, tons of grip, overall value.

DISI (Direct Injection) engine and Hitachi/Warner K04 turbo. Super Torsen Limited Slip Diff. Torque Management/TC/DSC (Dynamic Stability Control) most of the time its helpful in preventing unwanted wheel spin. 18? Wheels and tires are nice and perform very well. Aux audio input and 2nd jack for MP3.

The engine! Great brakes, nice 18" rims, nice sounding exhaust, good looking rear spoiler, pretty roomy interior, great all around car. 

Speed, handling and exterior looks.

Airbags and solid construction.

HID headlights, sport seats, confident brakes, ample passing power with a full load of people.

Turbo charged engine. Love the seats. Rain sensing wipers. Bose sound system. Aux input for MP3 player. Nice arm rest w/storage compartment. Nav. HID lights and how the hood scoop is integrated to the underside of the hood (Stealth). 

Turbo engine and comfortable seats.

1. Engine performance. 2. Interior styling. 3. Massive cargo space for vehicle this size. 4. MP3 player connection. 5. 3rd gear! 



Style (exterior and interior). Top end speed. On the highway this car has a great deal of power for passing and accelerating past cars. Room inside. There is a lot of space for cargo if needed. Wolf in sheep?s clothing. It basically looks like the average commuter but is far from it.

Power, the sound of the exhaust, the interior design, handling, did I mention the power?

Seats: good comfort in this price range. Steering: very direct at all speeds, good feel. Space: the cabin has great head and legroom, with the seats down you can fit quite a bit. Engine: absolutely a gem.

Get-up. Fun to drive, but you don't stand out. Very comfortable seats and good driving position. Good visibility. Lots of room. A bunch less torque steer than I was expecting! Great handling. Solid looks. Low turbo-lag. I could go on and on about this little car. IT IS A GREAT BUY!!!

The Q ship factor, brakes and the torquey engine. No need to drop down another gear when taking a corner with the AC on.

Speed, cornering ability, brakes, and the 6 speed manual tranny is delish.

Speed obviously! Nothing like needing to move fast and being able to. I also love the design. Despite being a "wagon" I think it looks sleek and sexy. Well constructed interior and exterior. It's tightly built, handles the road and responds like a sports car.

The seven speaker sound system. The cloth and leather combo seats and dash. The climate control.

Engine, 6-speed, suspension, stereo, tires. Everything.

Power. Styling. Interior.

Torque! Roll-on acceleration of a supercar. True high performance car handling. Amazing value. I kept my 06 Mazda 3 for a nanny car (4 kids). Warranty! Besting Audi's GT Mustangs and Porsches. Stopping power is unbelievable.

6 speed manual, Bose 7 speaker stereo/MP3, backlit dash, 2.3L DISI turbo and off course POWER.

Performance of a higher costing car with sleeper looks. I love the Xenon headlights, exhaust sound, and Bose sound system. I also really like the interior design, room and comfort. This car is very practical daily driver. 

Great 2.3 DOHC supercharged motor. The seats are comfortable and the bolsters work well to keep you in your seat. Interior and exterior styling are the nicest I've seen. Performance and handling are top notch. The tilt-telescopic wheel is a joy to have.

Turbo charger, sport suspension, 6 disc changer, 18" alloy wheels.

Looks, interior is functional, cheap feel inside but for the price, it's nice. Engine sounds terribly good. 

Engine, auto-lights and wipers, hatch utility, aux port and Sat, lots of storage space.

The car is great, Engine and suspension system is out of this world for a "Family Car". The interior is a great fit and very comfortable for a daily driver. Not to mention we have great room for luggage, a baby and torque. Its the Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde of Cars. 

Price! Great power, tight handling, good seat support, nice dash layout, great audio system, bright and adjustable headlights, roomy, lots of cargo space, very sharp looking. There are not many features not to like on this car

263 HP, handling, big brakes, seats, interior gauges, steering tightness, Bose stereo, just fun to drive.

Very fast, yet easy to deal with as a daily driver. Very tight car, excellent build quality. Engine torque and acceleration. Stellar handling. Dispatches transitions precisely and quickly with almost no body lean. Great ergonomics. Good seats. Very good sound system. Xenon headlights. Styling.

The 6 speed is very precise, the rain-sensing wipers and auto lights are super convenient. The nav system is great (no more Mapquest! YES!) Fit and finish is excellent.

New exterior design and interior design from the regular Mazda3 to make it look nice. 18" rims, half-leather seats, so many options to list! Bose, HID, 6 speed transmission, 8 cupholders.

Acceleration. Handling. Ride Quality. Interior Design/Fit/Finish.

Ride; comfort; performance; BOSE sound; auto headlights, windshield wipers, climate control, stereo level; MP3 jack; color (Real Red).

263 HP, handling, seats, interior gauges, steering tightness.

Absolutely everything, from the color (True Red) to the wheels to the seats to the fact that it's not shaped like a "wedge" (like everything else seems to be these days). This is the closest thing you'll find to automotive perfection under $50,000.

I've loved the design of the hatch for years, and the interior is excellent. Best seats I've ever ridden in (including BMW and Audi). Simple dash/instrument design. I love the Bose audio, and don't find bass lacking. Excellent visibility, outstanding build quality. Great 6-speed which I found very smooth.

Horsepower and sports car suspension. 5 passengers, aggressive stance, great exhaust tone, affordable price, large luggage capacity and a family pleaser. I can't wait for the Mazdaspeed upgrade which will boast it another 35 hp. 

VALUE. Handling, 267hp/280tq comfort, refinement, and I can get my wife and 3 kids in it!

The driving experience: position, sport seat, view, handling, torque, sound and 6 speed shifter. Good looks and unique 18" wheels. Roomy rear seats; very good leg and head room. Bargain price for features & performance. Four doors. Doesn't look like a boys car, e.g. WRX STI and EVO. Built in Japan.

263 HP with a 6-speed manual. Upgraded suspension. New front end.

Love the exterior and interior styling. Seats provide very good lateral support. Stereo seems powerful enough. Never pictured myself driving a blue car, but Cosmic Blue is way cool. Easily will fly under the radar! Exhaust note is pretty sweet too.

Looks, performance, handling, ride, seat comfort / interior, build quality, the pure pleasure of driving this, and the rarity (you won't see many of these with just 5,000 available in the USA). This is easily the most fun car I've ever owned (and I'm 57!).

