FUEL mileage!!! Ability to seat 5 comfortably. Not to hard on the eyes.

Love the room. The trunk is huge. The style is nice, and the ride is wonderful for a mid size econemy car.

Exterior styling, low cost of ownership. Many user-serviceable parts (For example, you can change the air filter yourself! Try doing that in a Mercedes or a VW Jetta).

Combination trip odometer, mpg and stopwatch is neat, but have no idea why I would ever need the stopwatch. Comfortable seating, lots of room, big trunk and the rear seat folds down for more room. Big, safe, and easy to drive, especially for my 2 young drivers.

Value, size, reliability, safety, mileage, sound system. Cheap to work on, rugged.

Motion

Everything for sure the ride and the room.

Price, reliability, size, gas mileage. Park and forget?I park it at Walmart, the airport and never look twice to see if the car has been dented, etc. 

Size, comfort, stereo, motor, how it rides.

Mileage and data read out on dash, color of interior tan

Large trunk. Lots of room. Easy to maintain (oil changes, etc).

Spoiler, rims, power seat, safety airbags for passenger

Onboard diagnosis, power seats, good cabin size

The ride, sound system and interior

Comfortable seats, big interior, lots of cubby holes, quiet ride at interstate speed, and a huge trunk.

Roomy interior. Good power. Seemingly good value for the price. 

Power windows, locks, and keyless entry. 

Handles very well. Peppy for a small V6 and good on gas. Smooth shifting. 

Good gas mileage

Safety rating, room, ride

It's so quiet, from the effortless closing of the doors to the lack of wind noise at eighty. The cabin has glass all around, no damn blind spots. The behind the rear door windows have to be a treat for kids strapped facing the rear. I like the nose design and am glad to have one of the last ones.

The 3.0 engine delivers a fair amount of power and the ice cold air conditioning is vital in Californian weather.

Quiet, smooth shifting tranny. Gas mileage. Very comfortable on 400 mile road trips

Moonroof, home link, key pad entry, styling

I love the moonroof, spoiler, and leather

