leather seats,radio(infinety),trunk space,user friendly dash,user friendly controls on steering wheel,great handling at higher speeds

Smooth and quiet ride, wonderful quality on the inside

Electronic Stability Control, memory seats, automatic climate control, and wonderful, powerful motor.

I was driving one day and the tire pressure light came on - tire pressure low right front - checked it out and sure enough a nice nail in the tire. I was just about to pull out onto the highway when I caught the light. Great feature.

Quality of trim and interior materials, lots of power, great gas mileage, super quiet and smooth on the interstate. Great warranty for used buyers.

adjustable everything (including distance of pedals to your feet). ultimately comfortable leather seats -- like driving a lazy boy down the highway. glassy smooth ride. auto- dimming rear view mirror.

Interior Comfort and MPG for this size car. I like the styling! 

Seats, ride, handling, stereo.

Overall room and ride comfort. Lumbar support and adjustability. Sound system. Tremendous zoom-zoom.



Interior and seats ... fits like a glove. All the features of the Lincoln - inside - 

quiet ride - seat adjustments - comfort I have every option and they all work perfectly. The leather seats look and feel brand new. 

The design, the interior quiet, the infinity sound system with 6 c.d. player but most of all, the true luxury ride even on long trips. 

A real quality luxury interior, great seats, strong motor, and this car is QUIET. Rides like a Mercedes.

Soft seats, but good bolstering. Auto-stick trans. Good engine power. Seat adjustments on door instead of under seat. Quiet ride, good performance, even kicking it up at highways speeds.

Gate opener (same as garage), door pockets that tilt out. Dual console, trip center, seats are very comfortable, one touch windows all around.

Comfortable seats and ease of entry. Adjustable pedals, 6 disc Infinity sound system. Love the layout of the controls.

Radio, instrument cluster at night, all windows go up and down with one touch, rear windows go all the way down, get up and go, quietness.

Dash/interior; additional lumbar spine adjustments; pedal adjustments; small compartment next to pedal adjustment which is perfect for my cell phone - no more sitting it next to the coffee cup and getting coffee on it.

Interior comfort - quiet ride (better than M35 or Chrysler 300). I have seen a lot of people wanting a Sat Nav - WHY? A $1500 option when better ones sell aftermarket for under $300. I have used Lexus Sat Nav which is much better than Mercedes I have used. 

