Performance, styling that sets it apart from many other cars in its class.

Dash features, Heated seats, foldable back seats, pickup and go!

 Height adjustable seat, tilt/telescopic steering wheel, 6 disc CD changer, awesome sound system, blue illuminated gauges, abundant safety features, torquey and peppy inline 5 cyl. engine, classy interior.

The ergonomics are top notch. The layout of the controls is very intuitive. Feels very solid - both handling and build wise. Has a lot of storage room - fold down the back seats and be amazed. Nice to be able to shift semi-manually to get best performance and mileage. Aux jack is amazing...love it!

Ergonomics and ride quality are in a very high class all by themselves. Build quality is totally above reproach! The flat torque curve and good gear ratios get this car going with no fuss.

Everything.

performance & style

It is a bunch of fun to drive - cornering, acceleration, etc. Stereo is great, seats very comfy and heated, like the interior lights. . . .

It is fun to drive and handles the road well

Fun to drive

It even has orientation lighting that gives you that "dark room" ambiance. Six speed automatic sport mode is a lot of fun. 

The wonderful VW interior and German fit- finish. This car truly is finished like a price class beyond. The 6-speed auto and great stereo are my other favorite features. Its handling is near top of the list too. I really am enjoying this little guy. 

Clear side blinkers on mirrors, perfect steering wheel, 10 speaker sound system, quiet engine and transmission, how the average mpg is higher than EPA estimates, and its great looking butt.

The exterior styling, VW quality, power everything, turning radius, signals in the mirrors, rear wiper, sweet revving motor, good handling, and nice, tight feel.

The safety features!

Everything

The sunroof, alloy wheels, heated seats, and 5-speed manual transmission.





My wife loves the heated seats. I love the 6 Disc CD changer and the red lights that glow just enough from over head to allow you to see the interior at night without it being a distraction. I also love the color of the stereo, dash and interior lights and the Tiptronic Auto Shift control.

The CD player and sound system.

The key is neat. It is so fun to flip it open and closed. The automatic transmission with the Tiptronic and sport settings makes driving fun. I also like the blue lights on the instrument panel. 

The good cup holders, build quality, and price.

The performance pickup is this car's best feature, followed closely by the car's very upscale interior. I like how the seats are designed to grab onto and hold the driver in place. The suspension over bumps is remarkable.

The fit and finish and yeah the horsepower.

The blue dashboard lights. The hatchback with the VW logo as the actual handle to open the hatch is a super cool idea. The radio memory buttons where you save your radio stations actually shows you what station is saved, which is fantastic. One less thing for me to remember.

The interior lighting at night, handling, looks, great stereo system, eight airbags, engine power, and smooth ride...

It has a nice audio system. It is fun to drive, with it's 2.5L 5-cyl. engine. The car is very light so the 2.5 gives it a nice punch. 

Cruise control, stereo, night lighting, keyless entry, tilt/tele wheel.

The handling, headroom/legroom, telescoping wheel, great stopping power, and great stereo with 12 speakers.



The safety, optional rear thorax bags, fold down passenger seat, laser welded unibody, shifter feel, 5-cyl. sound, and the interior at night, Wow! I also love the low road noise, traction control, rear passenger air vents, adjustable armrest, full size spare, and the slot for the owner's manual in the glove box.

All the "standard" options that would cost you thousands more in upgrade packages in other cars. For example, the 6 airbags, LED interior lights, a full size spare tire, blinker lights on the mirrors, outside temperature display, telescoping steering wheel, MP3, 10 speaker stereo, the speed and performance, and many more.

The 150 horses in such a stylish and compact,roomy affordable car. The sound system is awesome the bucket seats hug you. Merging into traffic is a breeze. Oh yeah, let's not forget the overdrive, what a great feature.

Sport Mode (auto), torque (minus the chirping tires!). Everything.

Wow, where to start? The windshield has superb visibility. The interior is incredible for a car of this price - no fuzzy seats here! The urban cockpit is over the top (but I like it) with more lights than a 747 at night. The sound system is awesome, and there is plenty of leg room in the back.

The ten speakers, tilt/telescopic steering wheel, heated side mirrors and seats, aux input, sun/moonroof, spacious interior, full size spare, blue lit instrument panel, how all four windows are automatic, the front armrest, the two ac power inputs, up/down + key engaged closing... and the key itself is awesome.

The Tiptronic transmission with sport mode and manual option is unbelievable. The stereo and quiet ride. The handling, performance and low end torque. The efficient use space. I also love the heated seats, sunroof, climate control, and tons of standard safety features. 

The characteristic VW build quality.

The dash and console, and of course the engine pick up.

The classic VW gauges in red and blue. This car has the best interior of any car in its class and pretty much beats any American or Korean car that costs thousands more, and is on par with if not exceeding Japanese brands like Honda and Mazda. It has a very refined look, nice handling, good torque, and a very quiet interior.

I love this car's 170lb.ft torque, 150HP 5cyl engine, 6-speed auto transmission with manual mode, 10 speaker / 6 CD sound system with Sirius radio, sporty seats, and how all four windows have auto up/down.

Being short, the telescoping steering wheel is great. I don't have to be afraid to have my face smashed or my ribs shattered by a deployed airbag because I can set the steering wheel at the correct distance. The 6-way adjustable seat is comfy. I can't wait to get the adapter to play my MP3s! 

The exterior styling is more refined than the previous model Golf. And the interior is a class above the Honda Civic. This car is made from sturdy, modern materials like you'd find in a BMW or Mercedes. All of its buttons are intuitively placed. The speedometer / tach displays are very sporty and refined, not gimmicky. 

I love the amount of room in the car. I am 6' and all my friends are too. The front passenger seat has almost too much room, which gives us plenty of room in the back seat. I also love the stereo and how quick this car is. The 2.5 five banger does not dissapoint.

The speed adjusted wipers, lane change feature, Triptronic shifting, A/C cooled glove box, hatchback handle in the VW logo, CD player with 175 watt stereo, MP3 input jack in the glove box, 6 airbags, and the overall engine performance.

I like how the Rabbit has 150 hp in sich a tiny car. Its handling is fantastic. Its styling is great for a compact car, too.

The interior lighting at night is a pleasure. The blue and red is slick, clean, and easy to read. The seats feel a lot more comfortable than those of my past cars as well. There are lots of "Easter Eggs" such as nice turn signal blinker functions, windshield wiper goodies, and others...



I like the a/c cooled glove box, I don't know why, but I like it. Also, the 6-speed Tiptronic gearbox...let's you do QUICK work on ANY time consuming errands! I like the optional SPORT mode in the transmission. The key rolls ALL four windows up/down from outside the vehicle! The vehicle lives up to the old RABBIT nameplate very well.

The acceleration and handling are fantastic and by far my favorite thing about the car. I also like the one touch signaling feature and VW nameplate latch. This car has wonderful engineering. I think VW just did a great job designing this car. I give it top marks!

I love the number of options that come standard. It is amazing compared to the standard options that are offered by other car companies. The base VW Rabbit model comes with more features than what Honda Civics come with when "well equipt."

The engine, tossing a 2.5 liter into this little thing gives it plenty of get- up-and-go, even without any Turbo mods (though I might get those anyway...).

I like how they have LED lights shining down on the gear selector (5- speed), the light his the chrome trim and makes it stand out like none other. I am also a big fan of the blue on red instrument panel.

The accelleration, 5-speed manual transmission, fit and finish, nice interior materials and room, handling, safety features, good dealer experience, hatchback versitility, fun to drive character, price and warranty. I am totally in love with the sound of the 2.5L engine during hard launches...it is very pleasing to the ear. 





dashboard design, power, stability, handling, clutch, sporty transmission, and everything else! 

heated seats and the i-pod hook up

Love the tranny, love the handling and engine pep. Love all of its little hidden features (when wipers are on regular speed and you come to a stop it slows to intermittent... awesome!) Too much stuff to list I like!

Sport Mode, heated front seats, in-dash 6 cd changer, in-dash Sirius satellite radio, All the VW Safety, SUNROOF!, GERMAN!



Styling, high quality interior, boat load of standard features, handling, overall reliability.

Transmission was big buy point and has not disappointed. Shifts effortlessly and quietly. Car is quiet, and seats are comfortable.

Handling with the 16 inch alloys ,you can nail a offramp. Pretty good stereo for my rock music . I like the sport mode helps you get better shift points when passing, interior very well laid out, very good gauge layout. Drop the back seats for roomy cargo area, seats up plenty of room for passengers.

Tiptronic transmission (FUN!), exterior access to open or close windows and sunroof, interior features, sporty look, heated seats, Rabbit logo, hatch access, turn signals in side view mirrors, sport mode... I could go on...

Looks, I have the factory 17" wheel and ground effects pkg. The control placement, the standard equipment, the fit and finish and overall quality. the way the car handles

Fit and finish. The car really is amazing inside and out...you feel like you are in an Audi, not a car costing $16k. There are also a bunch of niceties that you don't notice until they kick in (e.g. the rear wiper turns on automatically when your wipers are on and you go into reverse). 

Performance, build quality, safety. Quirk VW in Quincy did a fantastic job with financing even though my credit wasn't perfect.

Ergonomics, lighting, dash: even though it's plastic. It's nicely done. Spacious cabin that seat 4 adults. Option to take off traction control. ipod adapter. 

The Arm rest with iPod connector, 3 transmissions in 1, ESP control, the interior look and quality, leg room up front, 

LED gauges, turn signals on mirrors, 10 speaker stereo system, interior space, overall build quality. 

Hatchback, radio/CD

Easy to use controls, good torque

Quick, agile. This car gets up goes at any speed even at 75 mph. Cruise control is perfect (I gave this a negative in my first review). Nice interior lighting. Beautiful exterior lines. 8 airbags. Good sounding stereo.

Heated seats, easy entry to hatchback, fold down backseat for extra space. 



5 cyl engine, 6 speed auto trans with 3 shift options, brakes, suspension, seats (mine are not heated), looks, upscale interior, hatchback utility, price (value), 4 year warranty, solid feel & famous German quality engineering.

Made in Deutschland. Not a thing wrong. Electronic stability option thing is fantastic. Great car in snow-can't hardly spinout, fine in crosswinds. Those north-central Europeans are so smart. Can put at least 4 bicycles in back by just taking off front wheel. Looks fast. Roars when floored.

turning signals on mirrors, ipod input, cruise control, heated mirrors, awesome handling

Automatic Sport mode (use it daily); high-calibar interior materials; soothing blue & red dash lighting; one- touch up & down on all 4 windows; sunroof; heated seats (great feature in this price class & warm up quickly!); integrated hatch release/VW logo (clever design); large door pockets

Gas mileage, base model has lots of nice features (window defrosters, turn signals on mirrors, display, safety features).

Sport mode, iPod adapter in the center armrest. Gotta love the VW logo in the back of the car. The 2.5 engine whine! 

Superior quality, electro-magnetic power steering (awesome), powerful engine, comfort, basically everything.

Obviously, 'Sport' and shiftable mode, lane change turn signal, iPod adapter and center arm rest, the gauge and control lights, the VW emblem hatchback lock is clever, and finally, the very best feature, its low price and low lease payments for a bunch of driving fun!

The 5-cyl sounds fantastic and is definitely a defining characteristic that sets the Rabbit apart from the rest of the crowd at that price.

Design - just a really clean interior and exterior. Seats - very comfortable for me. Engine/handling. Drives great!!

Heated outside mirrors, cool dashboard, cruise control.

The 5cyl with the auto 6sp.

Touch turnsignal feature: you touch the turn signal arm once and the turn signal will blink for you three times. Excellent for lane changes or send thank you blinks to truckers. :) Both front windows are auto up and down. Mirrors have turn signal lights, so you know when you left your blinker on.

Performance, build quality, handling, safety, seat comfort.

The iPod player. It sounds great I had one that you had to plug in the lighter and find a radio station it sounded like crap. Now it sounds great in the car.

The car is full of features that suggest real thought went into its design. The lane-changer signal, a/c diffuser vent and auto-opening windows are welcome features in this class. It's engine is gutsy, not uncommon for $17k, but its pep comes with atypical poise. It is simply fun to drive.

Tap turn signal for lane change. Tiptronic transmission.

Heated seats, iPod dock, console, heated mirrors, drive quality, build, German engineering. It really is a car that feels like a luxury hatch! Especially when compared to other hatches in this price range!

Sound system radio and mp3. It's surprisingly good quality speakers. And having not only the iPod dock, but the ability to read mp3 cds allows for hours of music with little extra need of storage for cds, etc. The hatch and cover are also GREAT!

Interior lights, stereo. The attention to detail on the outside. I like the coating that is on the very lowest painted panel, seems very tough and is nearly unnoticeable. Heated seats are great on cold mornings too.



Standard feature list is better than competition. Comfort and build quality, road feel (can't stress this enough!). Stock performance satisfying. PZEV makes me feel better about getting such mediocre gas mileage. Utility of the hatch is awesome.

My number one favorite feature is the engine. A 2.5L inline 5 cylinder. It's got plenty of torque for the size of the car, which makes it quick little hopper. The storage space, intuitive controls, and convenience features really sold me on the rest of the car.

Trunk opener, interior design, turn signals. 

A sunroof, power everything, awesome interior, and great handling for the same price as the competitors. The six speed transmission is also much better than the old 4 speeds that they use.

Handling, SAFETY, upscale interior for the price, power everything for lower than what the other guys charge, 6 speed transmission.

Tiptronic auto stick transmission. Sport mode. Cool red and blue instrument lights.

I love all the standard features: heated seats, six disc player in the stereo, airbags, ABS brakes. I opted for the sunroof and 16" wheels.

This has to be the only car in this segment that makes usable torque! Stereo is incredible! Great transmission! Great quality.

Groovy dash lighting, pretty good stock stereo, nice turn signals on mirrors, lots of seat adjustments, many places to put drinks, cool cooled glove box, sweet extra shifting feature, nice that it shows outside temps.

I have to say, I honestly LOVE everything about it, but my favorite thing would be the back hatch that opens by pressing in the VW symbol. It's a really neat way to do it, instead of having an extra latch to pull.

Love the 6 speed auto!

Cool interior lights. Rear split folding seats. Telescopic tilt wheel. Dash indicator tells exact maintenance times. Outside temp. 6 airbags, 2 optional, 8 total. 10 speakers standard. MP3. Ambience lights shine on console. Tranny has econo, sport and semi-auto modes. Beautiful exterior lines.

The design. I have a lot of room inside, but also can park in small spaces. It is great for the city. 

The speed of the car is awesome for the dollar.

Headroom, rear passenger space, one-touch windows, auto trans with sport mode, 16 alloys, rear lift gate latch, center a/c vent, a/c vent into glove box, front wheel drive, Rear seats 60/40 split is very easy to put down and up. Big front doors on the 2 door. Compact size and german built.

6 speed Tiptronic, 2.5L engine.

Stock radio is loud and adjusts to road noise. Transmission 6 speed great. Inline 5 cylinder engine moves. Solid weight to the car.



I like the one touch power windows and the AUX jack (one of the main reason why I bought this car). 

The interior blue/red lights, the look of the manual transmission, having cruise control on a car with manual tranmission, the fact that the mp3 aux. jack came standard and all the cupholders

The Rabbit has numerous standard features only available as pricy extras on comp cars in its class. Best int: night illumination. Best ext: dlippery (.32) and sleek design. Mirror mounted turn sigs. Best perf: super torque/hefty brakes for city driving. Best eng: PZEV. Best of all: price.

Exterior styling: VW makes a nicer-looking hatchback than any other maker that I've seen, and the Rabbit is even better than the Golf. Interior features: traction control/ESP, heated seat.

Seating is excellent. A/C is as good as I have ever experienced. Like the six speed automatic and spunky 5cyl motor. Interior trim is high quality.

The rear independent suspension drastically improves handling at high speeds.

The solid body and exceptional ride. Upscale interior with heated seats and ample leg room. 175 ft. lbs. torque that comes at 2500 rpm making it useful in everyday driving. Decent stereo. ESP. Secure handling. Impeccable fit and finish. The feel of a far more expensive car. The price!

Red/blue dash/led lights, blinkers on side mirrors, the car itself is amazing. 

Sporty quality with manual shifter.

Stock stereo rocks. The car is so quiet the first few times I stopped I had to check the tach to see if the car was still running. 5 cyl engine puts competitors to shame. I can leave it in 4th in town all day, very torquey. 16" alloys only cost $400 extra. The interior screams expensive. 

Everything! It has too many features to list! My favorite is probably the interior design and the great amount of power from the 5-cylinder engine. If I need to pass someone, it's almost instantly. When accelerating on the highway, there's plenty of power. You feel it pull you into your seat.

The instrument layout and illumination, blinker mirrors, key, under hood layout, torque and Tiptronic operation, and the interior design.

The looks, handling, ride, safety features, standard items such as CD/MP3 changer, heated seats and much more!



It is quick and tight in the corners. It handles like a charm.



I love the 2.5L engine. The car was fun in sport mode.

The red-on-violet instrument cluster, the 2.5 liter engine, the one-tap lane-change feature, the soft red nighttime interior lighting, the short throw gearbox, the interior and exterior lighting.

It has tons of power. The interior is a step above the competition.

