Looks nice, ride is smooth, MPG is great, and interior is roomy.

Keyless thingy is wonderful, just wonderful. Must have on all future cars.

Exterior styling, access to trunk from backseat, roomy backseat and leg space in rear, huge trunk, pretty trim panel faux wood (gray).

great mileage, comfort, and ride

It's plush, quiet, fast. Great fuel economy given size/power.

The engine's performance, to date, has been great. Great acceleration, gas mileage and handling. Interior is high quality in our opinion.

Reclining back seats, yippy great new for passengers.

Brakes, stability control (which I didn't think I would like), handling, interior comfort and room.

Interior, trunk space. The car is beautiful.

It is very roomy and comfort and I really like how it looks inside. 

Navigation system, heated and air-conditioned seats. Roomy interior.

Quiet ride, interior space, exterior styling. 

Engine power, interior roominess, quiet, awesome quality inside and out.

Quietness, comfort, silky smoothe engine and transmission, and features on the Limited. The car is beautiful.

Excellend engine power and acceleration, plenty quiet. JBL stereo is crisp sounding and not overpowering even when turned up. Like the modern dash layout and look. Sliding center arm rest is great. 31.5mpg on highway. My wife likes the heated seats. Mirage-Blue paint is nice. Good build quality!

Nav system, takes about 10 minutes to use. Laser cruise, takes time to get used to it, but it really helps.

Sunroff, 6-CD changer, Cassette, power

we both enjoy the rich interior leather seat, wood grain steering wheel and 12 speaker suround sound system, we haven't used the rear shade but i am sure it will come handy on bright sunny day, the car came with smart key, moon roof, the sound system and storage compartment has flip up covers.

very smooth, quiet, handles good, lt of room

Highway mpg of over 30 before the car is even broken in. The smooth, smooth ride, the more than adequate power. The interior lights and exterior "puddle lights" come on when you get within 3' of the car - like a puppy welcoming you home!

Awesome nav and 12 speaker sound system! Center armrest moves foward for shorter drivers. I love my color to- Blue Mirage. Reclining rear seats are a nice touch. I LOVE the cooled seats! I look forward to driving every day because of the quiet interior and ultra smooth ride. Great Job Toyota! A+++++

Interior..plush, alot of room. The amenities that come in this car are too numerous to list.. asthetically speaking, the layout of the interior of this car is gorgeous. 

Interior build quality, engine performance

THE LIMITED GETS A HUGE UPGRADE FROM ITS BELOW MODELS. VSC gives a big difference of drivability. Laser cruise is a new feature that other brands dont have. It is fun. You must have remote control if you want because you can't upgrade it later because of smart key complicated system. 

268 horses on tap and 31 mpg hwy, dark charcoal leather, sliding arm rest, auto on/off HID head lamps, sunroof, JBL 12 speaker stereo, heated seats, auto climate controls, dual exhaust tips, 

You must buy limited version with Laser Control. I am sure you will love its smartness.

Room, comfort, engine, mileage. Car is as room a a BMW 7 series L but so much less expensive. Nice amenities-heated/cooled seats, rear window screen, steering wheel controls, sun roof, bluetooth, rain sensor and much more. It's a Lexus without the price penalty. I much recommend

Smart key is so wonderful. I just keep it in my purse. Gas mileage is remarkable. Love using regular grade gas. 

Ventilated seats, adaptive cruise, highway mileage, ability to use 'regular' grade of gasoline.

Heated and AC seats! 268 hp and 32 mpg. Stealth speed!

Gas mileage, dependability, and interior comfort. 

Creature comforts like the auto sensing wipers and the air conditioned seats, reclining back seats. These are just some of the things I have come to appreciate when I drive my other cars that do not have these.

Cooling seats, rear sunshade.

Smart key, puddle light

Rear sunshade, turn signals on mirrors rear design keyless entry and trunk entry, keyless start. 

Rear sunshade (also good at night when semi lights are just the right height to blind), turn signal mirrors, ability to shorten/lengthen drivers seat cushion. Heated/cooled seats are nice but they don't seem to be as cushy as regular seat cushions.

No key entry, pushbutton trunk open, puddle lights, large storage areas, stereo, auto windshield wipers

Interior comfort luxury driving condition and fun to drive.

Great on highway and other smooth roads. Nice sounding stereo, comfy seats, good gas mileage for a car this big. 

The air cooled and heated seats are great. The leg room in the back seat is exceptional and the reclining rear seats are a hit for passengers on long trips. The rear sun shade is great in the summer months.

Heating and COOLED seats. Fantastic! Good performance. Good handling. I wish I had ordered GPS option.





Pickup on hitting the gas, roomy, nice styling. Quiet and comfortable ride.

Love the air and heat built into the seats.

Roomy and stylish interior.

Love the silky feel of everything starting with the steering wheel. The car will really move out when asked to but is deceptively quiet. Best of all is that feeling of comfort when effortlessly cruising down the highway at 70 with the stereo on. This one will be a keeper for a long time.

Key fob for keyless entry, smooth acceleration, great on the highway, tight turning radius, doors open wide w/interval stops. Excellent gas mileage for a large car w/ regular gas.

Roomy interior, 6 CD player and yes the cassette player. I listen to a lot of audio books. Over all I like the car but am disappointed with the very noisy engine and jerky transmission. 

Hidden radio controls on dash and voice activated controls for Navigation and sound system. Lots of room.

Mileage, comfort, room, fun to drive, very quiet.

Ride, handling, braking and overall good interior design. 

Large rear seat, very good fuel economy, comfortable driver's seat.

The 3.5-liter DOHC Dual VVT-i V6 engine with 268 horsepower has plenty of get up and go and easy to handle in traffic. Really like the Smart Key Push Button Start System and the Dynamic Laser Cruise Control keeps you a safe distance from the car ahead of you without having to apply the brakes.

Comfort, intelligent key, gas mileage.

Ventilated seats and rear window screen for our hot country! Mileage calculator; roominess; keyless feature; great mileage for a 6-cylinder large car; smooth, effortless drive. Understated design covering rock-solid reliability.

Safety, smooth ride. Gas economy.

Exterior design and color. Large trunk which opens easily but closes with much difficulty. Good fuel economy on highways. Easy gas cap removal and return. Air-conditioning vents have many position choices. Adequate windshield wipers. Cup holders and interior storage. Responsive cruise control.

The ride is great and fuel mileage for this type of car is just great.

Exterior design, ride, quiet, interior room, keyless ignition, trip computer, power rear sunshade.

All.

Favorite feature would have to be the steering wheel with great controls for the radio, AC, and cruise control. Your eyes are always on the road.

Suggested Improvements

Dual climate control, self dimming side and rear view mirrors, many settings on driver's seat, and loads of interior room. 

Interior and exterior styling. Steering radius. Roomy. Handy steering wheel controls.

The handling is like a sports car especially the steering, the interior is very comfortable. Great quality throughout the whole car.

The Avalon ride is excellent here with our poor highways. The seating is very comfortable. The heated/cooling seats are nice. The remote start and the pushbutton start are nice once I learned how to use it. 

Ride, quiet, lots of storage and best of all, fuel economy on a great looking car. Also has lots of power and can get around traffic with ease. I love this car!

The trunk! Here's the list of what got into the trunk for a long weekend trip: 10x10 canopy, 2 camp chairs, 1 suitcase, 1 duffel, 1 cooler, 1 set of golf clubs, several small bags and a collapsed dog crate! Fantastic!!

All the features are my favorite features. Great gas mileage and incredible performance.

Smooth ride, large display in center of dash is easy to read, controls on steering wheel, Homelink. 

Laser cruise control, 6 CD player, roomy back seat.

Quietness, power, comfort, wife loves them. 

Performance and comfort.

Laser cruise control, surprising acceleration, quiet cabin, fit and finish, overall quality 

The auto leveling lights, smooth lines in interior, no floor hump in the rear, reclining rear seats for my son to take a nap, bright led lights in dash, moonroof, feels luxurious.



Quiet, smooth, powerful, many add-on luxury technologies such as seat memory, smart key, laser cruise, 12- speaker system, temperature dual zone, auto dim mirrors, heated side mirrors.

The dash board display, the horsepower.

Smooth, quiet ride. Good visibility.

Exterior design and quality.

268 HP and still over 30 mpg on the open road.

Comfort, interior design, amenities.

The overall quality is very good. The steering controls are nice. The laser speed control is very useful.

Readability of the dash guages and brightness of head lamps.

Features I like include the 5-speed automatic transmission, steering wheel radio controls, reclining rear seats, and tire pressure monitors.

The smooth ride is quiet and comfortable. Power is quite adequate, and interior design is pure luxury. The car really deserves a Lexus insignia.

Keyless entry, heated/cooled seats, laser cruise control, nav system (you have to understand and learn about this system for it to be of any use).

The smart key system and ventilated seats. I love the interior room and the auto leveling headlights.

The power front bolsters are great leg supports. The power vented seats came in handy - I hate to be sweaty while traveling! The sun screen is also beneficial at night if there is a truck behind you with high headlights. The interior has a very clean look with the covers for most of the knobs, etc.

Brilliant and simple audio controls on the steering wheel. Heated and ventilated seats. JBL Synthesis stereo. Rain-sensing wipers (which work way better than you would think). Electronic stability control (option package). Seat/mirror memory tied to the keyfob. Driver's seat extender.



The body style is at the top. When you look at it from a distance it just looks great. I have also found it to offer a very smooth ride. Do I need to mention comfort? I just feel like the car was built for my overall comfort.

Multiple seat adjustments including lumbar support. Can turn off nav screen, yet other information (radio, etc) still pops on for a few seconds as used. Lots of thoughtful features.

Powerful engine and solid feel on the road. Great stereo as usual. Firm, supportive seats. Lots of room. Beautiful inside and out.

Interior looks great. V6 engine very responsive for such a massive car.

Performance & good fuel economy, excellent placement of instruments and controls. Heavy car feel with front wheel drive traction.

Handling, power, quiet ride, large 6.4 quart oil pan with special valve to keep oil on top side of engine on cold starts. I will never go back to GM cars.

Ride, roominess, performance, handling, luxury.

Looks, reg gas.

Many luxury features normally found only on more expensive cars e.g., smart start, heated, ventilated front seats, many storage compartments front and rear, tire pressure sensors, real spare tire, unbelievable sound system, convenient safety heating, audio controls on steering wheel, rain sensitive.

Suspension.

Performance, JBL sound system, MPG (I am getting 33 mpg on the highway), interior space (the back seat is amazing), ride, PRICE!

Seat comfort, audio system, responsive drive with plenty of power for passing, quiet ride, rear leg room for family, power rear sun shade.

Solid, interior and power.

The sound system is awesome. Love the sunroof. Regular gas. Minor item: they made a cutout in the rear window defogger for a parking permit. Nice. 

3.5 litre engine, turning radius seems shorter on the 07. 

