No spoiler, great cd player, speakers are clear and the adjustable radio to automatically raise in volume as you go faster.

Comfortable, good performance and great on gas. MP3 player is great.



I love the fun of driving a car so low to the ground. I can whip it around like it's nothing. The body style is cute. I have gotten a lot of "oh your car is sooo cute". The ultimate girly body style. 

MP3 jack, the trunk space, design (interior & exterior), CD player, comfort

Sunroof, definitely.

leather seats, heated seats, cute car, great manual shifting

Body and upholstery are nice. Looks sporty even for a 4 door.

I love the look of the car I still think it is incredibly cute. I love all the available features and it drives well. It is a wonderful gas saver I average 29 mpg.

Size, fuel economy, great AC and heat, auto lights, good radio, good power. Price: I only paid 10.5K and if gas goes up again this summer as usual it will be worth almost what I paid. Why buy hybrid???

Solid feel, even ride, peppy for a 4cyl. Good on gas and inexpensive to buy.

XM standard! Steering mounted audio/cruse controls- just cool stuff. Digital display- trip a,b, mpg, coolant temp. Round tail lights- pretty much the best part of the coupe. 17" chrome wheels- shinny as sin! Exhaust note- shares same exhaust as full breed s/c

The standard factory features this car has are great. 18' rims, 200+HP engine, short throw shifter, HD clutch, optional LSD differential, supple leather interior, ground effects all around, fog lights. Overall this is a well put togther vehicle. 

Roomy interior (not in the back though), great steering, good on corners and tight turns. OK fuel economy.

Awesome power, handling and ride quality, sexy appearance, audio controls on steering wheel, comfy seats, subwoofer, all the people I catch eyeballing my car.

32mpg hwy! 205 hp! 200 lb-ft torque! <$25,000! General Motors Performance Parts support for after market dealer installed upgrades that don't void the factory warranty! The big smile you get while driving it.

Lazer Blue. Large tail. 7 speaker Pioneer stereo. OnStar and XM satellite radio. 18" wheels. Leather interior with coloured inserts

Audio input jack. Good power for a 4cyl. Good gas mileage. Chevy's new and improved 10 yr/100K mile drivetrain warranty. Passenger sensing airbags. Drivers seat that moves up and down. Roomier than it looks. Price 

Strong engine with a flat powerband (even if it is a little resistant to revving), sporty suspension setup, better than other domestic cars in the class, good basic interior design, excellent fuel economy, good value.

Automatic lights! Stereo is pretty good, sounds great and even loud with some heavy bass rock it still sounds great! 27 miles to the gallon, I used to get 12-15 and now I get 23-27! 

Comfortable. Nice to ride in

Peppy 4 cylinder, useful economy feedback display, great A/C and a super smooth automatic transmission. Styling is on par with other economy vehicles and the seats are comfortable but certainly not plush. Good sounding stereo/CD and quiet interior. Great trunk size and it extends into the back seat.

Has everything I wanted in my car that I was looking for!

Engine. Stereo. Paint. Finish. LT option 

Car looks sporty like more expensive models. Love the automatic hood rod, nice touch. Good stereo system. Quiet interior. Driver information system similar to the one I had on my $50,000 Cadillac. Low price/good warranty. Chevy's best kept secret.

Steering on the vehicle is tight and engine performance is good for the small engine I have. Just a nice vehicle to drive all around. Comfortable to be in. 

Power and handling, soft leather interior, heated seats and the smooth ride. Love the theater dimming overhead light and the cruise/radio controls on the wheel, Oh, and the manly horn! after driving imports the last few years it's good to hear a good honk even if peole hear don't know what to do! 

Powertrain/chassis/performance. Few options, everything is included. The simple but luxurious interior space. Quality performance components 

All day comfort. Heated leather seats. Great mileage. Premium sound package, sunroof and the drive!

The paint job that is blue but reflects purple. It handles very tightly and nice.

Its speed

5 speed, supercharger, standard 18 inch wheels and heated seats, sunroof, sound system, OnStar.

Manual remote for readings of your car mileage, oil life, etc are on the steering wheel. Great stock stereo - no need crank it up - if so get new speakers and amp. Great space in front. Great 2 person car!

The price, acceleration, handling, heated seats and overall look of the car.

Gas mileage and sporty maneuverability! Nice styling. 

It's a given... the tail lights and the upgraded sound system.

Visibility, head room, and rear leg room is sufficient. Functionality is wonderful and versatile.

Supercharger sound, sound system

Five speed! Decent radio with auto volume control. They come in yellow. Aftermarket parts buyers dream for sport compacts!

Taillights! Info center. Crisp interior styling. Tons of aftermarket performance parts. Red, red red!



Sound system. Side airbags. Leather trim. Heated seats (yes, it is optional, but a must!) 

The heated leather seats. Radio controls on the steering wheel. The six disc in-dash radio.

The whole look of the car, and the way it makes you feel when you drive it!

Options, supercharger, and aftermarket parts available.

Love the new cloth avalible.

The 3rd & 4th gears are a blast. This thing can go really fast before you would actually red line it .

The reacaro seating holds you in in the tight and twisty roads

Manual drive and excellent air conditioning.

XM radio. Easy to reach controls

New radio, lots of aftermarket parts, on board computer with push buttons on steering wheel.

Overall product for the price is best feature.

Like the radio jack for ipod. Nice features for money too. Styling is good and the seats are comfortable

remote start, interior, wing, fog lights, and factory pioneer sound system with the sub! love the small back seat (no needy friends ask me for rides)!

Quiet ride, exceptional a/c, decent sound, great exterior design (the car looks fantastic in white), decent MPG, daytime running lights and battery saving features.

5 speed, heated leather seats. Chrome wheels. Pioneer sound system

Interior comfort and handling.

The seating and driving position is great for me. I like the overall design of the car and the handling is pretty good. Routine maintenance is a breeze.

6 disc changer, steering wheel controls, heated leather (Grand Am did not offer). Comfortable buckets and back seat. Smooth ride and acceleration.

Styling on the outside. This car is hot

Tail lights in rear are kind of cool looking. Radio although inferior is easy to use and displays who the singing artist/s may be. The rear wing does the Cobalt little justice lookswise.

Very peppy, handles like a dream, and somewhat comfortable. Nice link between 2.2 ecotec and 5 speed manual

DIC, auto headlights, speed variable power steering and wipers. CD/MP3 player sounds great for a bottom-of-the-barrel system. Exterior styling. It has as much power as my 01 Z24 and gets 6+ MPG better. Dash and steering wheel styling. Easy to clean upholstery. Wide range of aftermarket parts.

Easily accessible controls, ipod jack for radio, comfortable interior.

Gas mileage. 25/36

Aux. in on radio (great for Sirius). Good mileage, nice looks, cheap to buy and maintain, multi adjustable seats, good warranty.

Standard transmission with front wheel drive.

Exterior of the coupe is very sporty and I loved the price I paid for the car

Good gas mileage, CD player is neat, nice trunk, comfortable on long trips.

Supercharchger with the stage 2 kit

Exterior styling, price and value and available features top my list.

The best things would probably be the MP3 jack, information center, and trunk space. I love that I can just plug in my Ipod and go. The Ipod cord can be purchased for about $15 and its well worth it. The information center is handy and the trunk space is shockingly gracious.

MPG, handles as well as a Diablo, fast. Looks great!

Looks good inside and out

The simple manual locks and windows leaves one less thing to worry about breaking down. The seats are stylish, but even more comfortable. With the auxiliary input, I can plug my iPod right up to the radio!

MP3 port, comfortable seating in front, stylish exterior. Great stereo system. Huge trunk. Nimble and agile on winding roads. 

Radio is reasonable quality and fun. Seating position is above average. Quiet and inexpensive to run. Remote start is neat, but can't let too much gas be wasted in the driveway. 

Sporty looking interior, roomy, looks great on the road, MP3 plug-in

The more constant your drive is, like highway driving, the higher your miles to gallon goes up. Oil filter is at top of engine. Love the engine cover. 

The body style is nice. 

The information display is very useful, the stereo system (isn't aftermarket quality, but has the Radio Data System...a surprise there), the price.

It is fun to drive. It has a sporty look I like. 

Sporty design, interior fits my size well (5'5") Big trunk, good sound system, I have the basic and it is loud.

Seat warmers. Smooth ride when first got it.

I got the Pioneer sound system with XM which sounds amazing. The leather seats are a must. The on board computer tells you everything. Most of all I am amazed with the interior space for the front passengers. Finally the gas mileage. The Chevy ecotec engines are smooth, powerful and very efficient.

Steering wheel, sunroof, alum. wheels, and the gauges with all that information. Large trunk.

Nice looking interior. Very comfortable and roomy. Smooth ride (when it's not acting up)

Body styling and leg room were great. I have 2 teenage girls who sat fine in the back without hunching over. Drivers seat and passenger seats were both supportive and comfortable (one of the first things we noticed. Girls noticed support of the rear seats.

Fun to drive.

The sound of the engine when you hit the throttle, exterior appearance makes car look very sporty, sound system, Chrome Wheels, sporty exhaust, remote start, interior is a vast improvement to the LS and LT models.

Handling

Aux input, steering wheel, back seat, trunk

Seating, driving position, handling, dashboard layout, driver controls. Good size trunk. Gas mileage and engine pep. Value for the money.

The looks of the car and the power and handling 

Performace, quiet, good ride quality

CD/MP3 player. rear end styling. DIC. Auto lights. High seating position. Engine. Interior quality. Guages and controls. 5yr/100k mi warranty. Price can't be beat. Make sure you bring a relative who is a former GM employee for an extra $1000 off. 

Ride quality is great. Road noise is minimal, this is a very quiet car. Power is decent.

Car looks great and is fuel efficient. A blast to drive when not in the shop. 

Sunroof, Pioneer stereo w/6 disk & aux input, LDS. Seats, gas mileage, available GMPP performance upgrades, supercharger, lack of plastic shroud in the engine compartment.

Seat comfort, head room, easy road handling. Radio great sound, CD player fantastic. Quiet motor. 

Looks good, accelerates nicely, 5 speed gears are close for quick shifting

I like the whole package except for the small sun visors.

The interior is awesome, the body style of the car is hot, and the quality and ride is amazing.

Recaro Seats, sporty look, torque curve

Fool proof! No popping of a gas latch. Tells you "Low Fuel" when you've got under 40miles. Tells your MPG at any given time. Gives you the coolant temp, outdoor temp, oil life expectancy in %, tells you when the 2nd passenger isnt buckled, passenger air bag turns on at over 80lbs. Automatic lights.

Love the sound of the supercharger, good interior speaker system for being stock. 

Price, space, gas mileage.

Supercharger scream with a cold air intake.

The car has an ample amount of power, and once you get used to its handling it is a lot of fun to drive.

Everything where I can see and reach it well. Mine might have originally been a special order, since I have air, auto, and the .mp3 cd-player. Easy to manuever around crowded parking. Doesn't look like it, but the trunk holds a lot.

The brakes on my car are outstanding! The seats are great as well.

My favoriteeature is the keyless entry. I also like the way the car handles ande way it looks.

Excellent gas mileage, automatic headlights, MP3 player, aux audio jack, comforable seats and well-positioned headrests.

Digital displays buttons on steering wheel. Dark - almost black - carpet. Great room in the front. Good stock stereo. Big trunk. Love the overall structure on the exterior. Great on tight turns. I tinted the windows and back lights and the car totally looks slick. Would look clean just a bit dropped!

Gas mileage! The handling is much better than I expected. The automatic transmission shifts perfecly, the shift points vary dramatically based on the aggressiveness of the driving. The seats are very supportive for long distance driving. Ipod input and audio controls on the wheel.

The color, sound system and how it levels how when you smoke tires

The soft interior lines of the dash.

Gas mileage. The radio shows the stations name, and the song and artist. Very nifty feature and I don't have to get home to see the playlist on the stations site.

6 discs cd, heated leather seats, sun roof, handling. Looks smooth.

Body style of the 2-dr, fuel economy, A/C, price with rebates and dealer discount.

Remote start/keyless entry, XM radio, 16" tires, sunroof, cruise control, power locks/windows, overall look of the car, huge trunk space, split folding rear seats, driver's information center (best feature!), stereo w/iPod hookup (no more carrying CDs!!), 2 rear view mirror lights. 

Tail lamps. Ride is smooth!

Sporty look

Supercharger, G85 package, Recaro seats, and the LSD

The supercharger, MP3, 6 CD, and auxilary jack. The short throw shifter, and the leather seats. The Pioneer audio is awesome too!

Powertrain, Recaro seats, excellent handling, exterior styling, 18" rims, supercharger whine, steering wheel controls, ipod jack

I love the digital displays of trip miles, coolant, average speed, and more. Easy to clean fabric on the seats and floors, radio features, and more. The sound system definitely attracts attention.

Engine, interior, handling.

The little 2.0L engine pulls with that supercharger attached!

The whole package is very attractive. The styling is very understated and doesn't attract much attention. I suppose that the best feature is the war machine engine under the hood. The 2.0l sc is incredible.

Engine, interior, handling,

Strong engine. Sunroof. Front wheel drive. Leather interior. 28+ MPG.

