performance as a truck. Looks great with canopy, hood deflector/window shades, and Bully bars. 20" or 22" wheels make it look "Cool". I can't afford cool. Driving comfort (I am 6'1" 250 lbs) and find the truck very comfortable. LUV the automatic lights....very safe feature in Alaska. 

Cab allows full view over the hood. 5.3L engine has good power and acceleration. Towed a 5000 lb trailer and felt no engine strain in the slightest. Low road noise, so I could carry on a nice conversation. Dual zone AC is NICE!!

active fuel management. packages with 20" wheels, steering wheel controls,dual ac.

Nice big Side view mirrors standard , not power but i dont change them much, Big steering wheel, turns pretty tight, less than 35'turning radius, Very sturdy, Get the Cargo Management system thrown in on the bed, very handy for tieing down to load bearing points. high off the ground rides very high

color, quiet, leather seats comfortable

Comfortable interior.

Power and fuel mileage.

I soooo need the interior space and the price was great! I use every inch of this truck.

Great quality of manufacture, smooth ride, very comfortably. 6.0 VMax engine has great power for pulling some pretty good loads up Casper Mountain switchbacks. After 1 3/4 years of fairly hard use, I have found NO defects, NONE. Including Japanese it is the best quality 1/2 ton pickup I have drive

Looks great, comfort

Fun to drive -- I'm not kidding.

comfortable, standard features like am/fm/cd, warning cluster are good

More intuitive audio controls on wheel, better HVAC (dual) system. New body 3.73 gears just feel stronger and don't have the lock/unlock issues of previous generation.

Drives like a Caddy. Rides like one too. Sharp styling. Big and deep 8 ft bed.

Sound system with MP3 is nice. Second row leg room is big compare with other brand. Tonneau cover's design also match with hood. I highly suggest to get a OEM tonneau cover. $8000 rebate plus reg tag price, and $1500 GM card cash reward made a sweet deal. Ride is comfortable and quality is good. 

Overall design very reminiscent of other Chevys I have owned (1973, 1993, 1997) But greatly improved. Hard to believe this is the bottom of the line truck.

It's fast and smooth.

Gas miser, yet power brute! Firm handling and smooth ride. On Star is great and I love my 20" rims. I still can't believe more people aren't fighting to buy this truck! 

XM, 6.0 MAX, heavy duty axle, fast, fun, comfortable, fast, handles great in snow with the part-time four wheel drive, towing capabilities, ergonomics, storage, tire pressure sensors, OnStar.

Locking tailgate. Decent fuel economy (5.3L) considering the size of the veichle. Comfortable front seats. Good throtle response.

4.3l V-6 engine 

Handling & performance, stereo system sounds fantastic. Styling. 

XM, headlights, heated wipers, tilt/heated mirrors, remote start, adjustable visor to cover that little gap on he side window, tire pressure check, OnStar when I had to use it - can also set up for satellite phone if you need it. 

The XM radio is outstanding. I love the talk radio that is available. This is good for long trips. The access to OnStar is a very nice feature as well.

My favorite feature on this truck is the throttle response. When I hit the gas it repsonds immediately. 

Style, reliablity, ride, handling

XM/Sirius, OnStar, smooth ride, excellent engine power.

Message center, tire monitor, XM, RDS, OnStar...in fact, everything!

Color combination (Ruby red exterior/ebony leather interior). OnStar, XM radio, built in phone. Dual climate zones and 4WD. Thanks to the dealer for the spray in bedliner option also.

Heated seats, smooth driving, towing capacity, sleek look, auto 4-wheel drive.

Looks, fit and finish, ride, and overall truck performance.

The back doors on the extended cabs open 180 degrees. This is very convenient for people with children. The load management system is nice also. 

OnStar, XM satellite radio.

This whole truck is just beautiful. I love all of the LT1 Convenience features like the steering wheel controls, the remote starter, under seat storage, playing with the AFM, it's huge inside too for 2 door. I am learning how to be gingerly, she's very touchy - brakes, gas pedal, steering, be easy.

Heated bucket seats, power rear sliding window 

Styling and ride

Driver Information Center (DIC), wide opening rear doors, quiet, good power, good sound system, seats are comfortable.

Smooth ride

The 5.3 is a very peppy engine and the fuel economy is not as good as GM boasts but 17 combined in a pickup truck I can't complain about. 

Quiet inside but beautiful exhaust note from the factory outside. Interior layout. Looks sexy but tough. Girlfriend is afraid to drive it. Good fuel economy (comparatively speaking - it is still a truck) 14/19 sticker but more like 14.5/22 actual when driven conservatively.

Integrated trailer brake controller, power sliding rear window, fuel management system, super comfortable. Cargo Management System is a must. Great looks!

Convenience package, XM radio, driver info center

The ride and comfort is incredible. Roomy back seat. Bose stereo is above average. 

Love the looks, fuel mileage is a great bonus. Sound system with steering wheel controls works ergonomically.

OnStar and the 170 degree back doors. 

XM radio, OnStar, ride comfort

XM and Bose 6-Disc CD, etc. All the lighting. Power rear window and the other 2 in back. Heated seats. When you're driving 60-65 and stomp on the gas it doesn't mess around. Pulling my boat.

XM Radio, OnStar

Power, stereo, styling. Z71 package. 

The color and the exterior styling is so cool, leather seats are nice, and XM brings in the old rock.

The OnStar is pretty neat. The XM radio is OK, but I probably won't continue with it. The steering / handling are great. The ride quality is also very good. I tend to keep vehicles awhile. My previous was a 1996 Extended cab Silverado. This is certainly a vast improvement. Good job GM.

Satellite radio

Love this interior layout, the in-dash 6 disc player, the way the extended cab doors open. Love the way the truck looks on the exterior.

Looks great with matching canopy. May I recommend Bedrug for back ($200) if using for camping. Chevy makes a great truck. 

The drive. Gas I get on avg. 19.5 mpg thats both city and hwy. 

Ride, interior, quiet cabin.

Auto 4WD, MP3 plug, 170 degree rear doors, power windows on rear doors, OnStar with free phone minutes, steering wheel controls, remote start, remote locks, 18" wheels, dual climate controls, dash layout, very spacious cab, satellite radio, power seat, heated mirrors.

5.3 V8. 

Sleek lines and smooth ride

The 6.0L V8 is powerful and on my commute to and from work it averages 19mpg. I also like the remote start and the design of the interior. The Vortec Max package gives you 4 wheel disc brakes which I think is important.



Quiet interior, XM radio, comfortable seats

Handling, payload capabilities, style. 170 swing doors with power windows (all 4)

Leather power seats, redundant radio controls on steering wheel, 20" rims. dual climate controlled a/c. 

Remote start, XM radio. Great storage space. Mileage is great for a 4x4 truck! Drives great no matter what weather or road conditions!

Quiet ride, seats, dash

OnStar, XM radio, quiet, comfortable ride. 

OnStar is great for security. Steering and handling is fantastic. Headlights and taillights are large and bright combined with sitting up high lends to a great sight pattern when driving. 

Ride, handling, improved interior

I love the split fold back seats. The active fuel management is great. The interior looks like a luxury sedan. EZ lift tailgate with the lock.

Looks amazing in black. The 5.3 V8 has power to spare. The interior is very high quality, nothing cheap and flimsy like I found in the Equinox. You can tell that Chevy and GMC really pride themselves in their trucks!

Interior is very comfortable

Active fuel management makes it easy on my pocket book. OnStar and XM. I love XM. Plus 5 star crash rating as opposed to Toyota's 4 star.

Cruise on steering wheel, redesigned mirrors and interior styling

Seats are comfortable and the styling is nice. 

Looks. I have the Z-71 in black with RWL BF Goodrich tires on 18 in. aluminum wheels . The interior is also way too nice for a truck, but I'll take it. XM radio, remote starter.

170 degree rear doors are a nice touch. Rear power windows on Ext cab? you bet! OnStar. XM radio. Steering wheel radio/cruise control. Strongest box on the market (important for lumber racks [I've heard Tundras tend to crumple]) Tons of digital information at the touch of a button. 

Dash layout, comfort, rear doors open wide great for kids to get in/out. Engine power. OnStar is so cool!

Great ride! Fun to drive! Handles tuff work and pulling with ease.

The stereo rocks! Active fuel management, remote start, seat comfort, driving position, good headlights, steering feel, power, quiet and rattle free

Comfy independent seats, plenty of power, fold up bench rear seat.

Cab is more comfortable than 04. Like info center. Center console roomy. 

Smooth,quiet ride and awesome looks

Layout of dash, seat comfort, radio controls.

Interior design, and the new rear door on the ext. cab.

XM radio and OnStar. Two best things ever.

Very quiet, excellent handling 

Haven't found anything I don't like.

Best feature in just the great ride and low road noise. Lots of room, side doors swing fully open (about time). 

