Ipod compatible and gas mileage, easy manual gearbox

I love the MP3 hook-up

I love the IPOD hook-up, center gauges, roomy interior and color (Blackberry Crush Metallic)! Headlights on high beam are incredible.

Clean lines, gas mileage(avg 28 mpg: 30+ on highway), acceleration, interior comfort and space, ease of entry even for rear passengers. I could go on and on.......

Color, CVT, Interior Room, Upgraded Sound System, Moon roof, LE Body Kit, Ease of access to everything inside the car while driving.

Nice sound system upgrade. All safety features. Big inside but still drives small.

Mileage, sunroof and ride.

mileage, sound system comfort ride.

Nav system, cold air intake, reliability, amazing amount of space in such a small package.

As an impaired person, I appreciate Xb's ht. which allows for easy exit/entry It has no power seats, yet is extremely comfortable to drive and I never feel as if I am in a small or cheaply-built ride. It comes w/traction control, limited slip, tire pressure monitor, and more. I love this thing.

Safety features--VSC, disc brakes, side airbags; front and rear passenger room; quiet, comfortable ride; strong but efficient engine.

Trip computer, iPod integration, fold flat seats, cargo capacity, Limo like leg room, fuel economy (32mpg on recent trip/24mpg around town). Quick!!!

iPod integration, mounted steering wheel controls, sturdier and safer feeling than older models, larger cargo area, center mounted displays, more power, great gas mileage (28MPG), fun to drive!!

Quality

Cruise control and iPod/MP3 hookup

MP3 and iPod cables standard! The headlights are awesome. Comftorable seats.

Styling inside and out. A little offbeat & funky: in the xB you rise above the mid-size sea of boring uniformity. Great cargo space and everyday functionality. Good gas mileage

We like the chopped appearance of the body style. Had several people ask how long it took to complete while attending a car show in TN. It surprised them that it was a new car with no modifications. 

Ipod/MP3 compatibility standard, smooth ride, low profile exterior

Small car, big interior, lots of standard features.

The auto transmissions sport shift feature. The abundance of cup holders, the cool center tach display, trip computer and miles till empty. Funky styling. Bright headlights. Decent stock stereo. Price and value. Toyota Reliability. Scions no-haggle price and first time buyer program. Inside space. 

I love the audio quality and the fact that I can control my Ipod from the stereo. The seats rock and are so comfortable. I love all the space inside!

Over the previous design, the redesigned exterior with its contoured curves make this vehicle "a sight for sore eyes".

With the ability to add (Toyota & TRD) accessories for the interior: cargo cover, c-pillar storage and cargo net. Exterior: Borla dual exhaust, cold air intake and rear sway bar. I did an aftermarket addition: auto on/off headlights, it saves me from remembering to turn the headlights on or off.

Overall apperance and comfort both front and back seats. Safety features. Solid feel when driving and closing the doors. I also like the locks on the key. High beams on the headlights lets you see way down the road and we have a deer problem here so they help big time. 

iPod adaptor and cars this inexpensive normally do not have controls on the steering wheel. In addition, this baby has plenty of room.

The whole package.

Hatchback style, abundant interior room, yet compact in the outside, not that many people have this car, so it stands out, curtain airbags, ABS and VSC all standard; avg mileage display and real time mileage/gallon, last but no least to buy painless/quick transaction.

All the cool features available. Fun to drive manual transmission. Lots of room, even with a car seat in the back. Definitely a head turner.

My favorite feature is how the car looks, I love it! I am also quite partial to all the cubbys and bins to put stuff. The standard iPod hookup rocks.

More power, more cargo space, aux and iPod connection, quiet ride, good lines.

Terrific car! I love the back space and the back seating. Great fun to drive.

Safety features, price, price for extended warranty, space inside, fuel economy and power, radio controls located on a steering wheel, MP3 compatibility, AC vents, dashboard features, Camry?s engine and reliability, such a pleasure to drive.

VERY roomy! Lots of standard features.

Comfortable to drive. Great stereo.

The interior space, I fit!

I like the Pioneer stereo system and the preset Hear & Feel audio option.

The added room inside is nice. The bigger engine is nice. I really like that it's quiter and rides smoother than previous models. I really appreciate that it doesn't look so obnoxious this time.

Nautical blue color, shape, space, stereo, Camry engine sold me. And the Toyota reputation of course.

Decent factory radio, real solid feel, the car just seems screwed together tightly. Handles great around turns, no body roll, low center of gravity, good seats for an inexpensive car, fairly quiet inside for the price range, good braking characteristics, quick for a 4cyl heavy car.

Exterior/Interior design and materials/colors, massive cargo space, good fuel economy, strong engine, iPod interface, upgrade stereo, steering wheel audio controls, power everything, great options list, tons of cup/bottle holders, digital speedometer, center gauges, etc.

Everything.

Ride, handling, power, style, options, coolness factor, price, value, roominess!

Std features, power everything, design in and out, audio controls on steering wheel.

Color - we got the teal green which looks almost blue. 

Larger trunk area is a real plus. Just the fact that the car is a little larger period. Must better performing engine. The gas mileage was much better than we expected. We were getting almost 30 mpg on a recent trip. Improvement on the standard radio. Scion xB is a great car, period!

Interior looks great and is comfortable.

Power and safety features, spacious interior, great sound system, looks and safety features.

Upgrades, fuel economy, comfort, design, stereo.

A lot of features for the money and hopefully the Toyota reliability.

Instrument cluster, side mirror turn signals, aux and iPod connection. 

The engine and safety features. Nothing can beat them in their class.The style too. People turn their heads when they see it. Overall, it's an excellent car with an excellent price. Why? Scion xB is Toyota, what else?

Roominess, mpg, spunky look, a unique ride that gets noticed a lot! Bunch of aftermarket add-ons to show your individuality, awesome stereo system, exterior color choices, so many standard features that usually cost extra, great for the young and young at heart, and tons more!

Price, weight, design (in and out), standard features (power everything is standard), tilt, cruise, audio controls on steering wheel, directionals on mirrors, everything is exceptional.



I really like the standard radio. It has an iPod jacket that allows you to charge and control your ipod through you radio. Also, the controls are on the steering wheel so your hands don't even have to leave the wheel.

Styling, comfort, ergonomics, engine/transmission, driveability, base features. Std items are extraordinary for cars this price.



Speed and acceleration, ride, looks of the car and stares from all the people.

All the inbuilt features. Power and safety features. Huge and spacious interiors. Space for magazines and other little stuff under the rear seats. Over all everything is excellent.

Increased power w/larger engine. Improved safety features (side airbags and curtains, disc brakes on all 4 wheels. Attractive. Improved ride and comfort.

The iPod connector, interior design.

The Scion navigation system is fantastic. It's very intuitive and has lots of nice features. The iPod connector is really nice as well. The Hypnotic Teal paint job is really beautiful and needs to be seen in person to appreciate. 

The amazing luggage space for such a small vehicle, decent gas mileage, and Toyota quality. 

Combined key and remote in one unit like German cars. Turn lights on the side mirrors like Lexus and Mercedes, Sport shift auto trans, ABS, traction control, stability control, tire pressure monitor, curtain air bags, 160 watts bass and 6 spkrs, projector headlights, clever shelf under 2nd row seats.

It is really hard to say. I like the styling both inside and out, but I guess I would have to say the amount of room inside for a larger than normal person to enjoy. And the fact that it comes with so many features that other companies up charge for.

Turning signals on the rear mirrors. Instant and cummulative computation of gas mileage. Smooth and adequate powertrain with the Camry's 2AZ-FE engine. The cute but weird look, 100 times prettier than the early xB model. Reasonable gas mileage, but only as good as my 1998 Oldsmobile 88 (3.8L V6).

Everything except for the iPod connector because I use other high-quality but cheaper mp3/mp4 devices. 

The most important is the safety features are standard. Even more room, smooth, proven reliable 2.4 engine. Don't worry, the gas mileage is not bad. I got 31 mpg on a 530 mile trip to Flordia at approx. 80 mph.

All the safety features of a much higher priced car. Plus a cool sound system. Scion has really listened to their owners - all issues have been adressed.



Ease of entry and exit, comfortable driving position, space for cargo, visibility, fuel economy (28 MPG on country roads), power steering, and performance.

Huge interior, great factory audio, safety features, standard power windows, locks, keyless entry, ipod integration, stability control, comfortable seats, a great driving experience.

Nice power and nice tunes along with being great to look at.

Roomy, easy to get in and out of seats. It is quiet and rides nice. Handles nice and smooth, quiet ride. 

4 disc brakes.

Everything! The engine, the look, the drive. I like it!!

Lots and lots of room. Like the gauges being in the center. Cup holders in the doors are awesome and plenty big.

So much space. Great for hauling just about anything. Standard features. Read above. Lots of options.

Styling, room and color, which is the Hypnotic Teal Mica - looks grey in some lighting, blue green in others. Must see in person to appreciate. The online photos can't duplicate it.

Total execution. Safety and performance. I like the view and center gauges (better peripheral vision of road when you glance at it). Trick iPod set up, base stereo, icing on the cake!

Long list of standard high-end features, amazing interior space, powerful fuel-sipping motor, Toyota design and quality, great sound system, cruise control, comfortable spacious seats in front and back, great headlights, traction and stability control, ABS, many airbags, great instrumentation, visibility.

Road noise (or lack thereof), engine, interior space, style, instrument cluster, radio and speakers.

Cup holders, pioneer radio.

All the power features that come with the xB. The sequential shifter. The upgraded sound system.

Traction control, ABS, stability control, side air bags, window tint, cruise, in-and-out, color, 4-wheel discs, surfer-dude design.

Auto lock/unlock when shifting gears, turn signals on side mirrors, side curtain air bags. Bin on top left of dash. 16" wheels, storage under 2nd row and more cargo w/ 2nd row up. 

It's iPod compatible. Auto tranny can go into manual shifting mode, sexy dashboard. Lots of room in the engine compartment. Big and powerful engine.

Fun to drive! Looks great! Cruise control is standard! No ash trays! Gas mileage is running me between 28 to 30 MPG. The Aux jack for the stereo is great! I can run my Sirius direct to the head unit. 

The sequential automatic transmission. I love the handling, braking, and acceleration of this car. I never feel like I'm driving a wagon or a van.

Power, fuel economy and overall roominess.

Comfort! Roooom! Fun! I sprang for the sound system upgrade and am glad I did. It is excellent. 

The iPod connector. Larger engine. Side airbags. Traction/stability control. Rear spoiler (option). More cup holders. Shift mode on transmission. Larger rear area. Drivers left foot rest. 

The design of the exterior and the iPod connector (standard) top the list. It is surprisingly agile.

Passing power, smooth ride, more easily accessible cupholders, side and curtain airbags, iPod connector, more information in the displays. 

Cruise control now offered in the 08.

For me, being a college student, my favorite feature is the fully integrated iPod hook up to the CD player. But I'm also highly fond of the safety features the car has.

The iPod adapter is great. I love the feel of the ride also.

Look, feel, black exterior black interior (can't wait to get front windows tinted too).

Roominess for a tall fat man.

The iPod connector - iPod information displays on the stereo face. Small storage compartments in back and underback floor board. Fold flat 60/40 seats. Big glove box. Not boxy like predecessor.



Cruise control is a little quirky, but is adequate, stock stereo is wma/mp3, But iPod jack is in center console - don't know what they were thinking there. Rear door takes some getting used to with key control (have to press "unlock" twice. Seats are really firm, but suitable. Overall, great car.

Favorite feature the overall design.

Suggested Improvements

Camry engine, 5 speed transmission, full air bag array, 4 wheel disc brakes, traction control, stability control, reliability, cargo room, gas mileage.

The body style and the power.

Good set of standard features Good price Has standard Ipod plug Curtain air bags are standard Very stable (specially if you get the VSC) Nice design

Fun to drive, sound system, performance, gas mileage. NO problems!

I am 6-1 and have plenty of leg room and head room . I have all the features that I need .Everything is functional and in the right place.

Standard features are impressive: integrated aux, sound system, cruise control, ABS (thank you!), traction control systems, turn signals on mirrors. Safety is big for me, and the xB is loaded with it.

Engine, the ipod interface as well as aux input, all standard features for price you get a lot for $17,220 I got the decklid spoiler and I looks really good! Like the pioneer cd player! It really is a great car for the money! Cheap insurance is a plus 

Interior size, excellent shifting automatic, cool styling, nav system, iPod connect.

Lots of comfy space, love the cargo capacity, Auxiliary input to the stereo that sounds terrific, plenty of little storage crannies for my junk, funky styling that's no longer just plain ugly, good mileage, drives great, plenty of power in the motor.

Count'em Six airbags 2 front, 2side, 2air curtains. Traction Control, Electronic Brake Distribution, Vehicle Stability Control, all for $16>17,400 Dollars. You have got to be kidding me. aux input made hooking up the XM a snap. Rear legroom is limo-like, even with my set all the way back! 

There are more lights in this Scion. Love the two overhead lights the best and the light in the rear of the car.

interior space, look, easy to be reconfigure, lots of help from the scion forum.

Ipod hookup is great. With steering wheel control, music is great and its mine. Pickup is great. I like the high shift position. Handling is great and the use of regular gas is a Major plus. I can easly put 4 other adults in the car and still have great acceleration. Engine has run without incident.

hauling capacity, looks, power for size, value, easy to get in and out of, nice height, nice interior fabric, wonderful interior space for tall passengers (front and back)

mpg, air, sound system and the way it rides

ipod interphase with stereo. Decent handling and surprisingly great fuel efficiency -as long as you don't pretend it is a sports car. Decent comfort and great roominess. Minivan utility in a small, efficient and fun package!

Small car, big interior, lots of standard features. 

I love plugging in my iPod then forgetting about where it's at and controlling everything through the steering wheel and head unit. Cruise is great, awesome pickup and handling even with being a box! I actually prefer to not have the armrest because my arms rest right on the center console and door

Liked sound system and everyone laughed at the shape of the car. 

Seats & headroom a tall person would love. Raked street rod look. Excellent stock configuration. Cargo capacity with rear seats down. Smooth ride. Sporty handling. Tinted windows. Projector low beam headlights. Amazing high beams are like releasing the sun. Rear wiper. Being asked to show them the car.

Ain't noth'n else like it!

I really like the driver headroom, backseat leg room, and rear cargo space. The Xb also has a fairly peppy engine that gets good gas mileage. I cannot understand how I ever managed to drive a car without the direct connection to my iPod. Finally, I like the funky styling.

Center gauges - high mount 5 speed - stock stereo sound quality - interior room behind front seats - driving position (I'm 6'2"). Camry 4 cylinder - Toyota reliability - projector beam headlights - handling - mpg.

Roominess. Built quality. Small size makes plenty of garage room. Road response is excellent. Chock full of safety features that are standard. Unique styling.

Loads of room, but it's too much. Rather have the engine upgrade but same size xB as last generation. Great if you want a van with better mileage. 

The roomy inside is best. A person can be over six foot and not have to hit their knees or the driver doesn't have to scoot up to the steering wheel. I love the way it handles, better than what one would think. 

Lots of head room for a 6 foot 3 240 lb person. Automatic transmission efficiency. Large speedometer readout. The updated body design gets lots of compliments. Cranberry crush color is an eyecatcher. 

#1: xB has EVERY safety feature my Mercedes had (except the 3 listed below) and that was critical. GREAT stereo GPS mapping, fold-down seats, my friends say the back seats are MORE comfortable than the seats were in the Mercedes! They fold down for hauling capacity. My dog loves it! ROOMY storage. 

Funky look, roomy, easy access to seats, responsive standard transmission, stereo better than expected, and the best of all, I'm getting average of 32 miles to the gallon.

Folding back seats, lots of leg room in the back seat. A lot of head room. Pretty smooth ride overall.

Handling, ESC, antilock brakes, AC, feels very roomy and safe. Great headlights! I've had my xB six months and 85000 miles so far. The best thing about it is it works and is very reliable. Audio controls on the steering wheel.

Styling and room. Great price for what you get.

Inexpensive, reliable, roomy, great value.

Auto Sound Leveler(ASL),iPod & AUX connections, steering wheel audio controls, huge space, ave MPG & range digital readouts, lots of cup holders, 158 hp, the price tag. The 2008 also comes with supercharger option.

Great acceleration and a firm, secure ride at 80+ miles per hour, not that I ever drive that fast. Short, smooth throw on the 5-speed manual. Easy, no hassle purchase, to wit: Manual or automatic? Color? Let's go in.

Interior dash layout is different but nice. Radio controls on the steering wheel. Plenty of storage room in the back. Comfortable ride.

Ease of entry, legroom far superior to the 07 4runner i traded 4 it. steering is VERY quick, which i like very much. first tank was 24.5 mpg. plentiful interior space. I am VERY happy with my purchase!

It is a wonderful car. The moonroof says it all. 

Customization (accessories), got same amount as a small SUV but without high price, a rear window wiper, steering wheel audio controls, arm rest, digital readouts.

Love the way it drives and handles. Interior and dash display are cool. Seats are very comfy. Love all the room in the back and the folding seats are a plus.Storage under the back seat is neat too. Always get lots of looks and compliments!

Great standard features such as 4 ABS disc breaks and side impact / curtain airbags. for having paid 17,700 I didn't expect these features to be standard as they are upgrades for many of the more expensive cars.

Love the shape which enables you to haul practically anything (just hauled a desk last week). Ipod control, full power features standard. I actually like the low center console, it fits me. I do wish the center console was padded/matted as things can bang out and make quite a bit of noise. 

Safety and utility. Quality. Good fuel economy despite the over reaction to increasing horsepower from previous. Comfort, quiet, and space. This is a super value -- look around and you can find this vehicle for invoice -- don't believe the pricing claims by some dealers. I paid $14500 + destination

Funky design, unexpected power, lots of room.

the whole package and the PRICE.

Ease of getting in and out (senior) and easy to park anywhere.

All the TRD and aftermarket stuff that's available, iPod jack, handling, massive amounts of interior space, the new looks for the 08, acceleration, engine sound with the upgrades...I love everything

I'm 6-2 and I find it very easy to get in and out of. Met. Black and chrome wheels looks very nice. At 62 I'm way out of their target group but it fits my needs.

Steering wheel Ipod control, cruise control, the placements of controls. Huge back seat, driver armrest and ease of driving. Sun Roof was open while driving cause I am a smoker and never got a drop of rain in side.

Roomy, comfortable. Actually like low armrest, room for my purse. Very responsive, peppy. The PRICE for what you get is exceptional ! LOVE the IPOD connection, and in wheel audio controls. Like the readouts, sporty. Driver seat fully adjustable. Generous cabin, great price, great car. 

Easy for my daughter to get in and out by herself. Makes my life easier because we have a 2 month old.

iPod hookup, DVD monitors, airbags all around

It's all good! Love the bigger engine, seats are very comfortable, roomy cabin, tighter stability and road handling. The cabin is nice and quiet. Easy to enter and exit the vehicle. It has great pick up on the open road. Favorite Feature: The smile it brings to my face when I'm driving my XB!!

Ipod Jack that displays on your deck, great stock pioneer system. 60-40 fold down rear seats allow me to have a car seat on one side and still fold down the other seat. lots of cubbies and cup holders. More power out of the 2.4L Camry engine. 

The interior is spacious even for a big person. 

center mounted console, great stock stereo speakers, tons of room (this coming from a big guy), ipod and aux hook ups

The body and features! The only thing we added is the premium audio the rest you can get yourself aftermarket. The dealer will rip you off in the aftermarket dept. Don't do it.

Roomy, comfy, quick, great gas mileage 29 mpg city, fold down back seats. Great radio and disk player.It just plain looks cool and the best part is my wife who does not drive loves it.

love the ipod hookup, also love how simple the dash is and controls

It is just a fun car. Great for seniors/retirees. Great for those with physical limitations to enter and exit. It is a perfect step down from mom's taxi once the nest empties.

Handling and interior space.

The 'look', the price, the reliability, the spaciousness, versatility, and the Toyota excellence in quality. Throw the bike in the back and go!

Limited edition color and body kit, sunroof, fog lights, limited edition seat fabric, turn signal lights on mirrors folding rear seats, brisk acceleration, 

Ipod hookup, horsepower, handling (just amazing!)

Exterior and interior design. Gas mileage. Underdash lights. Large interior.

I like the digital speedometer and I like the assorted mpg indicators. The rear seats fold perfectly flat with no gaps anywhere. I always own hatchbacks and this is one of the first things that I look for. The flat storage space is a must!

Lots of power. style is better than the 06, more room, the MP3/iPod inputs and good trade in value.

I'm quite partial to the stereo.

Room to stretch out. Great stereo. Tons of options available.

Large interior and great visibility. There should be a second arm rest/standard.

Power, gas mileage 27-31 mpg, upgraded pioneer, underdash lights, fog lights, sway bar. Comfortable seating, as well a lot of interior space.

My favorite feature has to be the iPod hook up. Oh and I love all the room! You would be amazed at all the room these little cars have inside!

iPod connection, back row seats folding down, the car is a head turner, lots of cup holders, tray under the backrow, technically a hatch back which makes hauling things a breeze!

What a box! I can get everything in from my drum set to my bikes. This is a very spacious car on the inside. I traded in an Element for this and I am very pleased with quality, the options, and the car is "stuffed" with airbags for safety and the electrical accessories are top notch. 

The upright, comfortable interior. Lots of shoulder room. The improved styling over the original. Stock stereo is great. Ipod and Aux ports. 5 speed manual makes this car actually sporty. MPG is good too at 25+. Fold down seats to load a large amount of cargo if necessary. You can even sleep in it. 

The xB feels solid. Good amount of power and never stuck waiting for it. Stereo/iPod/XM integration & sound. Access at all 5 doors. Exterior style. Safety features galore. Dead pedal. Rear seat folding process. Discovering nice touches e.g. glove box lip, hatch hand hold & rear cup holders.

Looks Interior space equal to RAV4. Performance Gadgets (like stereo control steering wheel). Standard Stereo is good. Traction Control. 

The car looks cute. No doubt it is a head turner. It has a lot of rooms inside. It handles well in the highways. It is sufficently powered and very easy to park. I was also attracted by the standard ABS, traction control and stability control. 

Navi system with Alpine audio. Couple with iPod cable made th car sound like a studio fantastic. Gas mileage good. The new 2.4L Camy engine is super quick. The split auto/manual tranny is fun if you want to drive it like a sports car. Like the over all amount of room in the car. 

Ease of access and great fun to drive.

