

The room

The drive line is fantastic - fuel economy now that its broken in is approaching 23 mpg... 

The engine, no power problems here, 8' long bed. looks. The brakes are great. Locking rear end. I don't know if I like the trailer and operating out of overdrive options or not. 

The color was a beautiful red.

Exhaust brake, Power when it runs

Can't put a lot of mileage on a truck in the shop. Turbo on in town jerks to oldies music. Paint color is all that I have as a favorite.

6.7 Cummins is a big improvement over the 5.9 Cummins - torque & usable power curve are superior. Can haul 2200 lbs at highway speeds over long distance very comfortably - no shifting - hunting on the trans. - nice positive transmission shifts on 6A... Exhaust brake works great!

POWER, sound, look I get from the people sitting next to me at the stop light wishing..

Engine power, roomy, brakes, handling

Lots of power when the check engine light isn't on.

Exhaust brake, power, yes essential fabric, 4:10 gears, 6.7L





Round control knobs on dash. Quiet interior. Exhaust brake. Illuminated cup holders. Hands free communication. Six speed transmission. Thoughtful storage. Solid sounding doors.

I love the room and the power.

Fuel mileage, style, very tight body, no rattles or noises, great stock sound system 

4 doors and the room in the cab.

6.7 L diesel, 6-speed tranny, compression brake, MPG (for big truck), and simplicity (I've been all through this thing, and as a former maintenance officer for the Army, it doesn't get much better, or easier to understand). 

Extra room in back seat

Diesel Engine, Exhaust Brake, Horsepower, Torque, MegaCab Comfort, Power Sunroof, Power sliding rear window, limited slip differential, four wheel drive, trailer mirrors.

Looks of the truck. Laramie model. Exhaust Break

Interior space, well designed handles and cup holders, 4 wheel drive is smooth, hemi power when needed, 20 inch tires, fun to drive.

Without a doubt Mega Cab

Love that the diesel is very quiet. I have been getting pretty good diesel mileage so far, only have 14,000 miles.

Lots of power, very roomy and comfortable. A pleasure to drive. 

Navigation system, mega cab roominess, sunroof, simple/functional dash functions, the engine is quiet and powerful.

Cummins engine-the 24 valve 5.9 was great for reliablity and power but noisy. This one is more powerful and hopefully as reliable, plus it has an exhaust brake (I don't know why, but its cool).

Motor, transmission, Jake brake, stereo, build quality, styling

The diesel motor, UConnect -- works better than the Bluetooth in my 2007 Land Rover, ride and handling is excellent, solid build so far, transmission is also excellent. The exhaust brake is a very nice feature and will save brakes on grades when towing a trailer or under load. Electronic 4WD

6.7-Liter Cummins turbo diesel engine equipped with the six speed automatic transmission. Power rear sliding window.

Better under back seat storage



Must mention: I only have 1500 miles on it so far, so still a new truck. Exterior style, red is hot! 6.7 liter Cummins is potent and quiet(unlike my old '99). Much better use of space in cab. Dash is tidy, like the hidden cup holder tray.

