Seems to have a lot of neat features for such an inexpensive vehicle: trip computer, power everything, cd, we like the dash displays. Lot of storage in a small package. Her edlerly mother loves the grab handle on the passenger side dash.

roomy,the color (red)

looks cool

The aux jack for my iPod, great a/c, love the color, roomy interior, 3 cupholders in front, deep console storage, easy to drive and handle on most roads, easy to read dash, retro clock, factory stereo/CD is quite good, snug nose design is great, just the right size for city driving, kids love it.

It looks good. It drives very well, good sturdy feel. Nice leather seats. Lots of extras to purchase, to personalize your car.

Console clock, removable rear seats, satellite radio

beautiful brilliant black color,roomy,nice sound system-good to look at

The auxiliary jack. The power driver's seat. 



The AUX outlet so I can listen to my iPod! The openess of the driver/front passenger area. The rear passenger seats - how they sit up higher.



The style, color and the dash

stereo upgrade. the easiest top to operate on any convertible i've ever seen. "all windows down" switch is fabulous. turbo engine is snappy fast. leather seats feel luxurious -- heaters make them spectacular.

Turbo, style, 17 inch wheels, color, 4 speed transmission with manual override, riding position, interior room.

COLOR.. Clock, emblems and roominess Also the versatility of the rear folding/removable seats. The way it sets and the whole feel of being in! Especially the way it is set up for car seat use and the ease of getting in and out with a child or packages.

exterior design, retro dashboard



I love the looks and the color I selected cool vanilla, it is roomy and comfortable. Very easy to handle. The body sits a little higher than most cars and the grab bar on passenger side is a favorite with older folks.

none 

The color. I've never seen a paint quite the shade on this car. It changes hue depending on the light. Sunlight is best, it just sparkles. The chrome trim and the badges - very rich and classy. The moonroof, the alloy wheels, the way it drives; the entire car is my favorite feature!

The style inside and out- and the fold away seats in the back. It's so cute you want to give it a name.

The convertible and color!

The way it looks. This is to me the only car outside of the Chevy HHR that has its own looks.

YES Essentials seats, 5 speed, adequate trunk for a convertible, good ride, not to firm not to soft, handles well, fold flat front seat. It can haul skis inside!

