AWD, Solidity, Rational uncluttered controls, comfortable leather seats, overall vehicle size. You would have to go for a much more expensive Wagon, SUV or Crossover from Audi, BMW or Mercedes to get this level of quality. A good value. 

Stereo and Handling

rain sensor wipers, auto tail gate, keyless entry detector. Bold style

Leather Seats, Parking Assist, Water Sensor Wipers

Interior, nice audio system, great fit and finish, all wheel drive.

Comfort, finish, look and all around capability

The leather is very soft. The Dynaudio stereo is far nicer than what was standard in my previous car. The car does not slip at all on snow or ice. The back seats are even comfortable. Tail gate is easy to open/close. Specific key remembering specific seat position is great.

Adaptive cruise is pretty cool! The Dyna audio with Sirius is a must. I thought BLIS was kind of a gimmick at first, but you get used to it and wonder why it's not offered on more cars. 

Seats. Ipod input. Interior space. AWD.

Exterior styling, adaptive cruise control is now a must have feature for me, 3-blink directional signal when tapped, seats are comfortable, folding side mirrors, parking assist works great but would like to set it as an "opt-in" feature rather than an "opt- out".

Parking assist, outstanding radio, highly intuitive controls



The seats are really comfortable and supportive. The Blind Spot System has saved me on both the highway and from many New York cabs. Park Assist is convenient for street parking.

AWD, styling: interior and exterior, auto-windshield wipers, cruise control system, seat fold-down options, a/c system

Numerous safety features.

PCC, BLIS, DVD rear entertainment system. Interior and exterior design. Pretty comfortable family car.

Rain senser, keyless entry, wagon, AWD

Seats, transmission, instrument panel. The exterior looks of this car are remarkable. It looks great parked in the garage. Handles well, accelerates smoothly, much better than XC90 (my wife's decision factor). 

Interior design is good and it rides well. Seems roomier than the 2004 model we had and feels stronger with better handling. 

Interior space, ride. Blind Spot Warning System, Personal Car Communicator and remote tailgate



 Options include Bliss, Dual Rear Seat Entertainment System, Xenon Headlights, Convenience Package, Climate and Premium Packages

Child seats, heads-up collision warning system, blue-tooth, ease of driving, very cool exterior and interior designs.

AWD

