We like the Captains seats, the overall comfort of the car and the nice ride.

Lots of room. We had no trouble fitting four adults, two infants in car seats, and two strollers in the car. We have a basic package, but I still like the features. Recommend the front and back air controls. Love the on-wheel controls for radio. XM is great.

Space, space and more space. OnStar gives added piece of mind. Instrument panel is easy to understand and within reach. Cup holders is great compared to my other cars. It also has more than enough storage compartments that I have to remember where I keep what.

Aggressive design and solid feel. We also like the black leather interior and the dual sunroofs. OnStar with the phone activated is a great feature for hands free calling and talking.

the room inside for the family.

After experiencing the same problems in 2 Saturns back to back, I am advising everyone I know to stay away from GM vehicles.

Interior space is great. The seats are easy to manage. Stereo in our basic package is more than adequate for the average rider.

Nice exterior design. Comfortable seats.

size, spaciousness, outward appearance, and ability to handle the snow without any issues.



Good base radio speakers, XM radio, front visibility, ride quality, exterior styling front. Seat design. Engine low noise - read an article on its design, very impressed. Lambda platform. Six speed transmission, it is fine, this is not a rocket. Just accelerate slowly, your mileage will improve.

Seat comfort, ride, four bucket seats, looks. Twin DVD dealer option

For Sale sign in the window

styling is great on the vehicle and it is fun to drive

Used OnStar for the first time on my vacation and it saved me from being lost several times. Loved it. I really felt like I had someone in the car with me to keep me safe. Also loved the satellite radio. 

Touring package, dual skylight, convienence package, 6 disc CD changer, and 2nd row captain seats, MP3 outlet, DVD player (basically everything)

Great styling and beautiful interior. I especially love the XM radio and she loves the folding rear seats and storage. Happy Mama = Happy Hubby!

Accessibility of third row seat. Ease of folding down rear seats so as to create more storage space. Beautiful look and feel to the vehicle

I do like the style, color. 

Smooth ride 

The vehicle drives great and has plenty of room for my grandkids.

Comfort and sound proofing

Interior styling, DVD player, navigation, back-up camera.

XM radio, reclining second and third row seats. DVD entertainment system

Navigation system

Seating and satelite radio

Extra space, XM radio great on trips.

Interior room and finish.



Love the room and seats. Great build quality. 

I gave up a sunroof for the audio package. The kids love being able to listen to XM Disney with the headphones while we listen to our station.

With kids a must is the captain chairs to easily get to the third row. Also recommend the DVD headrests compared to the flip down which would block rear view when driving. Option only $400 more and you get two DVD players and can play two seperate movies for those long trips. 

Seating for 8. It really holds 8, not just 7+ We are all comfortable and there are no complaints about being cramped.

Very comfortable. Smooth, quiet ride and a joy to drive The gas mileage is better than expected. We get 20+ around town and close to 28 on the highway. Little less in the mountains. If you need the room but don't want to pay your mortgage in gas this is it! At 4.00/gallon it costs $80 to fill up.

Sunroof, 2nd row captain's chairs, XM radio, OnStar, driving comfort

Spacious interior, faux wood trim, panoramic sun roof, remote controlled back hatch, back up beeper, XM radio

Large, comfortable.

The kids love the 2nd row bench, and there's still room for dogs behind the 3rd row. And good leg room for me at 6'2". Rear floor storage unit removable, rear seats unbolt with wrenches if needed for lots of room. 

I love the overall look of it, it's as big as a van, but looks like an SUV.

Handling, comfort, design and all the electronic extras

The exterior look, the ride and the MP3 hookup. Plenty of space inside including the cargo area.

Sunroof, exterior style, comfort, premium sound system

The driving position is one of complete command of the road and one of ultimate safety. The ride is also 100% American which anyone that understands a good ride will relate to (not like a Toyota cheap truck feel). The internal space is amazing for families and growing families!

OnStar (especially turn-by-turn), cargo room, luxurious interior trim, tow capacity



Movement of seats, easy to fold down seats for storage, XM, dual moonroofs, navigation system, and very comfortable seating and controls.

Remote start, drivability, gas mileage, comfort, storage, leg room and head room, OnStar, XM radio, DVD player

User friendly operation - even if you only drive it occaisionally. Things work like they should - quietly, smoothly. Well thought out, great safety, ergonomics. 

Body style, beautiful paint. Love the heated seats

Really like the dual sun roofs and also the luggage carrier we bought extra.

The back up alarm, only wish that they had one for the front!

XM built in, OnStar very handy, smooth and comfortable to drive.

Dual sunroofs, XM radio, remote start.

Traction control is amazing! Love the beautiful red color and the styling! 

We love the sound system and the saftey features. Driving the Oulook is pure pleasure.

Great ride, nice amenities, comfortable seats, rearview camera and power liftgate are great. The Navigation system is top notch. Great space for the family.

The seat comfort,ride,exterior pizzaz, OnStar, XM, navigation system, the mobility of all the seats, auto start, remote hatch opening, the size and it is a Saturn which is now my favorite Company. 

Roomy seats, captain seats in the back, power lift gage, steering wheel controls, remote start, wood grain finish on the dash, stitching details on the leather, leg room in the front and back.

OnStar. Great leg room in the third row for real adults. Drives like a sedan. Second moon roof. Everything is computerized and is controlled by the driver. 

Ride and handling are great! Looks are nice too, we got midnight blue. I know gas mileage will improve over time because it takes a while for the car's computer to get used to the driver's habits and shift the way you like. I know I've seen comments complaining about the mileage.

Nice exterior styling, XM radio and OnStar, power liftgate, remote start, variable effort power steering, HID headlamps, rear parking sensors, steering wheel audio controls, 2nd row passenger leg room, ample cargo area.

Love the heated wiper fluid! Love the spaciousness (2 adults,2 teenage boys and a daughter fit comfortably). I really like OnStar, XM radio, & the automatic tailgate. It drives very smooth.

I love the comfort, OnStar and the ride. Looks great inside and out.

Power, the super smooth ride and the looks.



Auto liftgate in the back is huge! Ease of moving seats up and down. Lots of room. Sporty exterior look

OnStar, handsfree phone, quiet and smooth engine, the looks.

Dual climate control, dual sunroof feature, gas mileage!

I love the exterior and interior design. Some of the buttons are rather small. Plenty of space in all three rows. I have FWD and that is sufficient in Norther New York with snowy conditions..I feel extremely safe as we have driven in snow, ice, and freezing rain conditions.

Control on the steering wheel. XM radio. The smooth ride.

Vehicle comfort, OnStar turn-by-turn navigation, hands free phone, cargo space, and quietness of ride. 

Roomy interior, attractive styling, OnStar reports

Can start engine with keyless remote, DVD player, tells me when a tire is low, the ride is smooth, OnStar, XM radio.

Exterior and interior styling. Navigation system. Auto start. Climate control. Cargo space.

OnStar, XM radio, Parking assist, DVD, 2 and 3 row seats functionality, 2nd sunroof (panoramic, OnStar monthy report, Turn by Turn navigation, leather seats, smooth when turning engine on, smooth and powerful drive, automatic lift gate.

Exterior looks, solid, solid radio design and layout. Back seats are spacious and well designed as well.

White Pearl paint is gorgeous; interior comfort; automatic climate control; XM; Navigation. 

Bi-xenon headlights, smartslide seats

Cup holders everywhere, dual climate controls, leather interior is nice, automatic hatch, remote start, AWD, dash functionality. Like when setting cruise control it tells you what speed you are set at so you don't have to guess-that way when you get pulled over you know how bad the ticket will be!

Good fuel economy for a big vehicle -- I'm consistently averaging 16.9 mpg mixed driving with AC on all the time. Love the dual sunroof/moonroof. There is literally nothing I don't like on this crossover. 

Quiet ride, styling, interior, back-up beeper, fold flat seats

Overall look, although we replaced the terrible looking front grille with an after market billet grille. The leather interior and feel is very good. The instrumentation is more then adequate.

The easy reach controls for the radio and CD player, easy to fold seats, all the cup holders, and extra storage space. Carries all the kids plus their gear.

