Hands down, the crash rating. Next up would be the size. There is a lot of room is this truck.

Engine torque, tight turning radius, wonderful suspension, roominess, electronics, leather & wood, fit and finish, flexibility/features. Infiniti dealer service.

Prestigious-looking front grill. Gorgeous wood dash/door accents. Separate folding/removable middle seat in the middle row (acts like a pass- through for kids, or can fold up for 8-passenger seating). Power fold-flat 3rd row. Logical controls. Quality feel everywhere. Simple Nav screen. Bluetooth.



Headlights, braking is supreme, 125ft for 60mph. Navigation, 4x4 low for deep snow, 4x4 high for icy roads. Sound system is great. Always lots of power. Very stable in turns and suspension, auto leveling ride is great. All in all, great car. 

heated steering wheel, hands free bluetooth, back up camera, comfortable seats both front and middle captains chairs.

heated steering wheel, music box, keyless go, voice navigation, heated seats, third row automatic, console in 2nd row is removable, cup holders for seven, xm radio whole term of lease, automatic trunk... love it

My favorites are navi, Bluetooth, backup cam, 9.3 harddrive, XM, navi-traffic, powerful engine, comfort/lots of room for kids or adults, touch screen, aux-jack for iPod, the whole nine!

Power, comfort, heated steering wheel, heated rear seats for the kids, navigation simplicity, gas mileage (11 MPG around town/ 19.5 cruising at 65 on extended hwy trips).

Heated steering wheel, keyless go/entry is amazing, music box burns CDs, XM radio for whole term of lease, power third row, power lift gate, rearview monitor, voice activation for phone and navigation which is a huge plus b/c you can use while driving!

Navigation is great its touch screen! Hard drive and flash card for my music collections and so much leg room for 1st, 2nd and 3rd row.

CD player records 2009 songs. No more CDs! Also, the 3 year subscription to XM, with Xm traffic.

Comfort. Ergonomics. Exceptional leather. Infiniti Control Center. Interior. Look and feel. Flexible, "torquey" engine. 



Seats are so comfortable, dash, looks - interior and exterior, backup camera, folding mirrors. 

Music Box, 20 inch wheels, chrome details, gorgeous leather and wood trim, design, intelicruise, bluetooth, power 3rd row, great sunroom... this car has it all. You just cant beat it!

Heated steering wheel, navigation system, power folding outside mirrors, power liftgate, high quality interior, very comfortable seats throughout.

Everything

Ride quality, fit and finish, interior amenities, and style. Longer wheel base than others in this class for a smoother ride. 2nd row legroom unmatched by any other large SUV.

As mentioned above, larger wheels, heated steering wheel, folding mirrors, etc. Also love the music box.

20" wheel, plenty of room, keyless start, intelligent cruise control, Bluetooth, HID light, 3 years free XM radio & traffic, music box 10GB, and best of all, it look awesome and luxurious. Best deal for the buck luxury SUV.

This is a luxury vehicle with all the bells and whistles but it has the room and power to do work and carry a family of 6 comfortably for long distances.

Navigation, backup camera, sensors, keyless start, voice commands, roomy, smooth, quick, and COMFORTABLE

Navigation system, backup camera, power liftgate, front parking sensors, intelligent key, voice commands, music box, bluetooth, intelligent cruise control, power third row, strong V8 engine, vehicle dynamic control, comfortable leather seating, First class legroom throughout, smooth & quiet ride.

Technology package - the navigation and phone system are incredible. 

Luxurious, comfort, no key start, 20" wheels, power third row, HDD, Bluetooth functionality.

Being able to rip CDs is great although transfering them from the CF card would be better.

Bluetooth compatibility, navigation is awesome, XM radio and related stereo functions, power back hatch/trunk, power 3rd row seat, memory seat settings.

Traffic info is good, much tighter fits than the 04 I had, front and rear collision beeper/camera. Best full-size SUV floorplan.

The big engine, hard drive for music, power third row seats and lift gate, XM traffic, and exterior styling

10 GB hard drive to download your cds (even stores the song names, artist, and album). Touch screen navigation along with voice recognition. Tons of leg and head room - I'm 6'7" and am very comfortable in 1st and 2nd row and can also fit in the 3rd row ok.

Voice command system, navigation traffic report, navigation touch screen and wheel controller, interior materials and details, bluetooth phone system.

