backup cam, interior design

Bose stereo is pretty good. Heated seats and heated outside mirrors are great during the winter. Back up camera is exremely useful.

Great speed and towing. I loved the shiftable transmission. The technology and luxury is great! However, the off road is disappointing. This car is more like a sportscar/crossover versus an suv. You feel bumps on and off road

All the luxuries of my Mercedes without the outrageous cost. Nice styling in and out, with less in shop time than any of my previous SUV's.

My favorite feature about this vehicle is the memory seating and mirrors. It used to be so annoying readjusting everything after my wife used vehicle.

V8

Manual shifting option, Backup camera, Aggressive looks, Standard towing package, Roof racks, decent stock stereo

Power, speed, luxury, styling

Rear TV camera

Back up camera 

The XM radio and sound system. Backup cam is awesome! My wife has had issues backing up and that has helped her! Like the fuel computer. Love the big comfortable front "arm chairs" and the heated seats are great in the "minus a million" weather!

Rugged interior. Rear heat/air vents. Nice wide and tall doors. Backup camera on the SE model. Better gas mileage then my Jeep Grand Cherokee. Better ride then my Jeep (if you are complaining about the truck like ride on this SUV then do not buy a SUV. Buy a car! Quiet, can barely hear the engine.

Heated steering wheel, seats, shifttronic, all-wheel drive, sound system, display and all around luxury appointments. Power and handling were exceptional as was the traction control system. I'd rather have a vehicle I can take offroad than a SUV not capable of handling the rough roads of the Rockies

Navigation system is great!

V8 with 317 horsepower. Navigation package with the nav traffic. Blue tooth.

Cargo space. Central console is well designed. Great driving experience!

Small turning radius for such a large truck. Easy to use cup holders. Change compartment in the front. Easy to use radio. Two trip meters. Seats fold down individually and very easily. Two glove compartments is handy. 

Navigation system, rear view camera, keyless feature, heated seats, music memory (flash drive, hard drive and MP3 capabilities), on-board computer is sensational and overall interior design.

The whole vehicle

Navigation systems, keyless entry and starting and music hard drive

6 disc Bose CD player, dual AC controls, reverse camera (got to get used to it), satellite radio, HomeLink security, plenty of storage space, double glove box, window venting from keypad (lets the vehicle cool off before entering).

ADJUSTABLE PEDALS!!; information screen; steering wheel audio controls; sunroof; ride; cargo room; interior look and feel

Camera, pedal adjustment, 6 disc CD changer, A/C controls on both driver and passenger side.

Exterior styling, good storage, fold flat rear seats, smooth ride, tight turning radius, fair fuel eco for an SUV of that size (I average 18 mpg)

Big V8 engine with DOHC and 32 valves. Great engine. Beats all the Detroit powerhouse engines hands down in low speed torque, reliability, service life, and economy. V8 drive train is excellent and I think gas mileage will be same as V6 with proper driving technique.

Comfort and price for the features. 

The room and the standard trailer hitch for my bike rack have been great. I LOVE the XM Radio; never listen to regular radio anymore. The power and the smooth ride are wonderful.

Interior design. Exterior color options.

Rear view, system monitor, Bose sound system, fold flat 3rd row, plush interiors, great driving experience and secure feel on the road, v6 power, cruise control, steering wheel audio controls, 2wd/auto/4wd selector, rear air conditioning controls, climate control and overall look and feel of car.

Color, style sound and screen. Back up camera is the best.

Heck, even with the base model you get power steering, power brakes, power windows, power mirrors, A/C, and a radio. What more do you need? We live on an island, so fancy stuff like nav is useless - we already know our way around. The only option we got was the side curtain airbags, just in case.

back up camera, third seat

Comfortable interior, fantastic engine and power. Love the tough stance and throaty roar! Being able to drop the hammer at 65 and get in front of that jackass is thrilling with this size vehicle. Would highly recommend this vehicle to those on the fence

stability is very good, sound system also, navigation great, it is good all in all 

Camera, premium sound

Wide opening doors, gobs of storage, & the long list if standard options. The new screen/center stack is far better than the last one and mostly intuitive. I like the soft ride that doesn't compromise too much handling. Feels like this truck will go anywhere.

Premium package and the Information Center, back-up camera, dual-zone climate control, stereo, fold-flat 3rd row seats, plastic trunk lining, acceleration, selectable/automatic 4x4, comfortable ride, payload capacity... the list could go on. I really like this vehicle.

Style, color (dark blue), cockpit, ease of maintenance.

Display screen, sounds system.

Love the navigation system (wouldn't consider buying a Pathfinder without it). EXTREMELY comfortable and fun to drive. 19 MPG city - 23 MPG highway. 

Good ride and comfortable. Features are easy to use.

The stereo/nav are quite nice. Musicbox, and CF card reader are great on long drives. Smart Key.

Back up camera. Power. Better looks than the 4runner

Powerful engine, easy-to-use and easy-to-read center display screen and the color back-up camera.

Power, interior flexibility, styling, off road ability.

Music box and navigation are good. We like that the seats fold down flat.

Pick up on highway, low tire pressure alert.

Stereo works good.

Backup camera, steering wheel radio controls, extra outlets for cell phones and laptops and such.

Nice leather pkg, steering wheel controls and backup camera. Bose stereo rocks!! 

The engine! The center console computer, backup camera, storage capacity, overall just very user friendly.

The room inside is by far the best feature.

Towing capacity! Interior well planned. Third seat standard is a big plus. Like the easy lift hatchback. My deal and drive comparison was the 2008 SR5 4Runner which didn't stack up. Also like this Pathy better than my 2003 Tacoma D cab.

Seven seats, great and friendly console layout, driver's seating memory, bose sound system is great even at max volume with low distortion, back up camera.

Engine performance, quite ride, excellent sound and navigation system, and very comfortable seats affording great view of the road.

Music box and nav.

The dashboard layout is very nice and well thought out. The center console is nice too. I really love the adjustable drivers seat. I hate electric seats, so the manual adjustments are perfect for me.

Flip down front passenger seat, tons of tie downs in the back, all the different seating configurations. Audio controls on the steering wheel!!

Nice power. Nice exterior. Will trade in next year without a doubt for a better-built car.

The nav and sound system is one of the best I've used. The music box feature takes a little to get use too. The build qualitity is there!

Love the V8 power, great interior, great on board screen features. ++ for the radio commands on the steering wheel. 6 cd changer 18" rims on the V8 Affordable 7 passengers V8 SUV.

The whole SUV, probably the nav, the lay of center console. The seating in the front seat is great. The performance of the Pathfinder is great. I ski and snowboard so I can't wait to take her to Mammoth this year to see how she does!

The new console. It has a lot of programmable features and a lot of monitoring features like tire pressure. The HVAC system is better. The stereo system is better than the 2005.

V8, 4x4, auto transmission, backup camera, dual zone climate controls.

All the included options. The Bose sounds great, homelink is a must, and the 3rd row seating is not too bad for adults. Also the adjustable pedals and the back up camera are great features. 

Navigation and music box.

Powerful V6, fold-flat 3rd row and excellent sound system.

