I love how the top works and folds in the trunk. With the top up this has to be one of the largest trunks available

Many compliments on the exterior styling, roomy interior with simple controls. We love the touch screen mygig radio with 6 discs and Sirius radio. Peppy, responsive 2.4 engine gets great fuel mileage.

External styling, comfort features standard, huge trunk, and its sure footed, predictable ride.

My favorite things about this car are 1. It's a blast 2. One button touch to automatically open or close both the windows and top 3. The appearance-inside and out 4. The get-up-and-go for big city interstate on-ramps 

When it doesn't stall, the automatic convertible top, roomy, gas mileage when you are actually moving, and luminated dash

Ease of putting down the top.

Exterior styling, decent pickup for a 4 cylinder, trunk room with top up and down. 

Streamlined interior. 6 CD in the dash/Sirius satellite Ease of convertible top Power seats



Navigation - never get lost again!

The exterior styling with the hard top.Large trunk when top is up.The heated seats and also the My gig with GPS.

Looks and sound of car.

looks, mileage, power top

Stereo, chrome look

Nice looking car, comfortable, smooth ride, great hard-top roof, handles well, nice gizmos (stereo, heated seats, etc.) and price. Trunk space with the top up is huge for a convertible. Bought a new '08 model in March '09 and got a fantastic price.

Touch screen nav and radio, Heated seats, drink cooler/heater, convertible top.

Hard top. My Gig system

The hard top convertable is a blast and so far works fine. I think some of the rattling on rough roads is the top linkage 

Quietness, handling, seat comfort, great stereo, satellite radio, interior, and exterior design, cool folding top!

Stability control. Side air bags. Bluetooth. Visibility from driver's seat. High driving position. Tilt/telescope steering wheel. Pleasant, airy interior. MyGig Sirrius satellite radio. Easy maneuverability--this car is "big on the inside, small on the outside." Easy to use cruise control.



Sleek refined appearance, hideaway top and quality of materials and finish.

We love the hideaway top which always is a conversation starter with strangers. We also like the sound of the engine and exhaust as we drive. Fuel economy and passenger comfort are GREAT.

Clean interior design; hardtop retractable top; low wind noise and MyGig Navigation and sound system.

Appearance, satellite radio, gas mileage, comfort.

Interior and Exterior are well thought out and pleasing. MPG have surpassed what I had hoped for.

The exterior and the overall look of the car.

It looks good top up or down. Really fun to ride in with top down. Quiet with top up. 

Good engine excellent actually, nice finish (exterior) very quiet at 65 MPH. It holds me and wife plus 2 kids.

Looks, mileage, comfort,transmission shifts up and down exactly when needed, and call me tacky, but I like the silvery trim on the dash! 

Automagic convertible (no hands needed!); able to drop the top or lower the windows with the FOB. Can also perform a remote start with the FOB. The six speaker sound system with 6 CD/DVD loader (MP3 ready) and Sirius radio sounds wonderful. I think the Sandstone color with 17" rims looks sharp!

hardtop, sleek hood, 18'chrome rims

appearance, economy, comfort, smooth ride, drivers visibility, good handling on mountain roads with plenty of power to get the job done.

It took me a while to warm up to the styling of this car, but I've come to like its uniqueness. The seats are comfortable and there is plenty of room in the back seat for adults. On a long trip I sat in the back while a friend did the driving. It was plenty comfy. The My Gig System is cool too.

Would love everything if it would WORK!

My Gig w/Nav. and Sirius. Heated and cooling cup holder. Remote start. Interior/exterior fit and finish. 

The car handles well and I like the exterior look of the car.

Sirius radio great,dials and instruments easy to reach/see

Exterior

Auto headlights, Good radio, lots of interior room, tire pressure monitoring, Instrument layout and amount of information available are also good. Heated mirrors and seats are also a plus!

Trying hard to get the junk radio to work! I can not believe that Chrysler would put up with a vendor that put out such crap! Do they realize the time it take to load this unit. Trust me, this radio won't work! It's junk

The hardtop convertible Style, both exterior and interior Fog Lights Instrument Panel Electronic Stability Control

 - Exterior styling - Leather Interior w/Heated Seats - "Tortoise Shell" steering wheel - Fold Flat Passenger Seat

New styling, MyGig, Solid car that is not only safe, but feels safe. Unlike the Cooper, and Miata i tried. Convertibles are the way to go in FL, and this is one has class.

All the upgraded features!

It looks nice I like the key/remote combination. 

My wife loves it!

The ride is very quiet and very smooth. Road handling is excellent in foul weather, steering is precise and brakes are fantastic. I love the hardtop & the amount of trunk space. The standard radio/CD system is fantastic. For the size of the engine and the weight of the car, gas mileage is very good.

My Gig, 18" optional wheels. Manual seat and tilt/reach steering wheel allow perfect adjustment. Heated cloth seats. Steering wheel mounted stereo controls. Direct steering. Well isolated, yet firm suspension. The not "Me Too" styling inside and out. 

Navigation! My Gig system is great. 

MyGig TV in the back that comes out of the middle console very creative 

Limited package is a must. Hardtop roof is fabulous for security, noise level. This car is so rigid that when going over railroad tracks and bumps, it does not shake like a convertible. 3.5 liter is quiet and enough power for most people. 6 speed auto is very smooth and quiet. Boston sound is great

I like the way the car feels when driving. It feels like a heavy car but handles very well. Seats are a dream to sit in. Cloth top fits well w/no water or wind leaks. 

Nav, dual rear exhaust, 3.5 liter power, amazing size, safety. 

It's a convertible which is why I purchased it, but it has a leak issue when it rains. 

Morphs from a hard-top midsize to a convertible...it'll draw looks.(my three-yr old niece yelled "Transformer" when she saw the top drop for the 1st time!) Boston Accoustics/Sirius Satellite radio will seal the deal.

Slick operating top, nice fit, easy to operate. Clever trunk maximizing space. Handles well with large car feel. Fun car to own. Gas mileage terrific, 32 mpg fully loaded 70 mph travel on 800 mile round trip. pa turnpike, exceeded all expectations

The top, the way it lowers and raises and the way it is insulated.also the way the windows lower and raise a 1/2 inch so thew seal out wind noise and water.

The hard top convertible feature is very nice and I have the top down when other soft top cars are up. It's not a sports car for road racing, but driving the Sebring is fun even if there is no destination.

Rides smooth. Nice interior.

Styling, modern conveniences, quality of finish, comfortable ride



The engine and drive train are my favorite features. Lots of power, excellent handling and overall, a much more state of the art system. I also like the styling of the new Sebring - very 'wedgy' and somewhat aggressive. 

Tightly sealing side windows. Extra insulation in soft top. Remote start and top-down is a fun feature. LED dash is great at night. Higher and deeper fron seats are very nice. Base interior is better than many. Handling is good for a base car.

