HEMI! Leather Interior, NAV and My GIG Actually, I Love It ALL! Can't complain about the gas mileage. I knew what the EPA was when I bought it! Actually gets 16/18 city and 18/21 Hwy!

Quadra Drive II 4WD system, Class IV trailer hitch, Hemi V8, pricing

The heated front and rear seats along with the steering wheel radio controls

Hemi power, Navigation w/traffic updates, Boston Acoustic stereo, auto headlights/wipers and versatility to serve as daily commuter and weekend off-roader.

This jeep lets me have an almost Napoleon complex. I feel safe.

The strong styling without the cute ostentation found in many of the current crop of competitors. Reliability underscores each feature.

style, build quality, performance, well thought out design, safety.

1. HEMI - one of the best engines around 2. Navi System - fast, accurate and voice controlled 3. QuadraDrive II - goes through pretty much any condition out there. Be sure that your Jeep is trail rated too.

Touch screen Navigation/information center, rear view parking camera, towing ability, rear outlet/plug for charging computer

None because nothing ever works correctly on it!

Power, Engine, Utility, Uconnect Stereo/Video/Sirius/Backseat TV

Dashboard features, very easy to reach everything while driving. Lots of power for towing.

420 HP HEMI!!! Aggressive looks.

Sun and Sound package, towing capability, Interior and ride comfort. The tiptronic automatic transmission is pretty cool also.

Radio channel changer and volume controls on the steering wheel.

HEMI acceleration, interior and exterior style. Rear heated seats.

MyGig Nav, HID headlights, styling

I love the powerful 5.7L HEMI engine, does great in snow and ice, does great off- road

Steering wheel controls, mine came with remote start which is a great feature to have, heated seats, overall interior appearance is very nice, computer personal programming, satellite radio, so many to name!

MyGig rocks as do the Boston Acoustic Speakers and Sirius. Nav is great, back-up camera.

Hemi

Nice ride and 4wd.



Style, ride, fulltime 4wheel drive, comfort. It has it all.

Ride, interior, sound system, HEMI.

Exterior chrome, athletic style, interior, sound system, comfort, ride.

Probably the power train warranty. I like to drive cars 8-10 years and the warranty inspires confidence toward making that happen. 

I like the rugged SUV style. Drives smooth, yet Jeep like. Hauled some heavy/big stuff to Goodwill and it worked out great. Backseat seems ok, and trunk is sufficient. 

The rugged look. Drives very smooth like it's on rails!

* Great interior look * fold down flat seats for lots of storage * easy ingress and egress * fulltime 4wd * comfortable seating for large folks



powerful engine, great sound system, great handling, Love the Sat. Radio, Mudd tray is surprising useful if you enjoy the outdoors, tons of space in the back. I even slept in the back instead of setting up our tent because of rain. Even watched a movie before bed

Exterior styling/interior room - comfortable & fun.

Back up camera sensors, (when they work).

MyGig Nav/entertainment system, rear view camera, HID lights, and the VERY quiet/smooth ride.

Gorgeous saddle brown leather, mygig (just uploaded 17 GB of music), 4 heated seats (not 2)

Sound system has always been excellent in these cars. And overall functionality of the vehicle is what I think everyone needs.

Where to start?? ELSD's are incredible. Hill start and hill descent control are great for towing and trail riding. MyGig holds about 2500 tunes. The Boston Acoustic system sounds very sharp, even cranked.

rear sensors, Nav, 4 wheel drive capabilities 

Overall package is good. 

Quiet and comfortable ride - easy to talk on phone or listen to radio at normal levels. Boston Acoustic speakers are a terrific with satellite radio too.





The interior.

Performance of 4.7 V8 at all speeds and better gas mileage than Hemi. Remote start and heated seats in winter. All weather traction of this 4x4 is superb. Better than my 05 Chrysler Pacifica AWD which was excellent. Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo handles like a sports car and is fun to drive anywhere.

Touch screen nav, sound system, 2 tone leather seats (wasn't sure i liked them, but i do now), power, auto features like wipers & lights

The sounds of the engine and sound system. Blue-tooth was a must for me, but the Nav, SAT and DVD was a great plus for me.

Satellite radio and headlights. Pretty sad that is the only fav I can report. 

Interior finish and Smooth quiet ride!

Rock solid reliability, the best ride yet of any JGC's. GPS, bluetooth and back up camera. 

MyGiG, 5.7 Liter HEMI, back up camera, leather seats, fold down back seat, HID lights, 18" rims, heated rear seats, everything!

rear dvd,manual-shift is fun,helps fuel economy and makes climbing hills easier.

Dashboard

HID and all the up to date features the GC has to offer. The Lifetime Warranty is nice to have. It has good power and great brakes. 

The controls are easy to use, and the material used throughout the car is superb.

Dashboard and instruments are easy to clean and dust. Easier rear fold down seats than 04 model. Headlights are nice and bright. 

Styling, quality, features 

Both exterior and interior upgrades to the 08 GC. Easy to use controls and comfortable seats. Raw power of the 4.7 engine...fantastic four wheel drive vehicle. 

It drives like a sports car. I like it on the road and around town.

5.7L HEMI, Performance, Nav, Looks (Int. and Ext.), heated seats, HID lights, bluetooth. 

Interior stylings improved! Remote starter on Xpackage. Better instrumentation layout - dash and radio, steering wheel controls placement. Telescopic steering column. Seat positioning. I'm impressed with the handling since 05. Lifetime warranty on engine, trani and 4wd sys. 

The MYGIG navigation, u-connect, mp3 and backup camera work perfectly.

5.7 Hemi, MyGig with nav, interior quality, sharp looks.

Remote control start; satellite radio; sound system; steering wheel controls for radio and cruise; temperature and compass readouts; computerized personal programming selections; heated seats; multiple trip odometers & digital trip timer; flip out rear window, and solar tint.

Many comfort features.

Power, acceleration,styling, interior.

U-connect; Sirius satellite radio

High-intensity/discharge headlights make visibility at night incredibly bright. Heated front & rear seats, nav w/hard drive for music, and the HEMI!

Hemi 5.7. Acceleration is great.

Interior layout, 5.7 Hemi performance, MDS, handling, ride, MyGig, satellite radio/GPS with touch screen, cabin functionality and comfort.

Navigation system and the power when you accelerate.

Fun to drive, style and comfort.

