inside design

Quiet ride, Bose stereo, interior room, overall exterior design. Great looking car.

Great entertainment system

We like the quiet ride, 3 rows of seats with automatic liftgate, and dual A/C. The standard shift feature is fun to use around town. 

Quiet, smooth ride. OnStar w/turn by turn; Fully loaded w/ backup camera, DVD, etc. 19" chrome wheels, elegant grille, luxurious paint. 

Everything in my CXL along with the running boards that I had mounted on the side. Love the 10-speaker Bose Sysetm with MP3 player interface. It really rocks when I plug in my I-Pod. The AC outlet is cool for plugging in my computer or just charging my cell phone. It has styling for all seasons.

Quiet, soft ride at high speds, 





Very smooth ride and quiet. Love being able to run the DVD player and the radio at the same time. Seats are comfortable for both myself and much larger husband.

Dual roofs, wood steering wheel and trim, retro look, steerable headlights, all around beauty of vehicle. Quietness is amazing!

Captains chairs are great! No more kids sitting to close to each other! (Stop touching me..ugh) Love the quite ride! You can really tell the difference. Love the Dolby surround sound on the movies. The headphones and audio are amazing. Gas mileage is great too! I get 19 in town and 24-25 highway

The depth of the seats,very comfortable because I'm tall, articulating headlights-I love what they do when you start the car, XM and knowing I have OnStar, dual sunroof, and just some features my Lexus didn't have like the the third row seats that fold flat. 

Interior, exterior design, 2nd/3rd row room and access. Features and amenities. Price.

Handling, navigation system, interior luxury, and roominess. The Bose sound system is great also. We have a Bose home entertainment system, and the one in the Enclave is competitive with it. 

Telescopic steering wheel, OnStar,comfortable seats(lumbar, headrest, etc), classy woodgrain, overall comfort for rear seat passangers and the automatic tailgate opener.

Power steering wheel adjustment and oscilating headlamps, Bose sound system, roomy third seat.

The power, XM radio. Hands free telephone is great. The smooth ride and the room . All wheel drive is great

Leg room! I am over six feet tall, as are our kids, and everyone has plenty of legroom and headroom!

Articulating headlights, navigation system, many water pockets, quite ride, excellant folding flat rear seats. nice wood trim, sharp sporty look in white with 19" wheels. Heated seats, great lighting systems and back up camera. Folding mirrors. 

Quiet, comfortable, beautiful.

Quiet, smooth, comfortable interior.

OnStar turn by turn makes nav unnecessary; XM; super quiet and smooth; lots of room behind 3rd row.

OnStar is a great feature, automatic liftgate, remote start and park assist. Just about everything.

Love the interior, and the way the exterior looks compared to the Arcadia, Honda, & Saturn. 

Other than the sleek body and overall apperance,the quiet ride, the GPS Navigation system with built in sensors for front and back, and the camera view when you backup.

1. Voice activated nav is great. 2. Car phone can participate in your Verizon minutes and not use on-star. 3. Articulating headlights. I didn't think that they would be that much of an advantage, but they are slick. 4. Bose stereo really sounds great...Pink Floyd on 10, hearing aids are optional

Power liftgate, remote start, articulating headlight, OnStar with hands-free calling, well, pretty much everything!

Remote start, automatic tailgate, cushy interior, exceptionally quiet ride, great Bose sound system.

OnStar with phone, XM radio, memory seats, backup camera with nav, "night light" shining on center console

 Two unique features are a tiny yellow light above the beverage holders between the front seats. This is nice at night to see w/out having a bright light on. Another is the outlet plug in(2 prong plug in). Great for my lap-top or the kids games.I love the clock too! Very classy looking.

OnStar is the best thing going for this vehicle.

Water bottles fit nicely in the door. The power lift back is great! The seats heat very quickly and it's nice to have an adjustable heat setting on them.

Remote start, telescopic steering wheel, the classy look and performance. Love this car.

Captain chair second row, full third row, backup camera, XM, OnStar, car has its own phone number, voice command calling no hands needed, auto lift gate, easy fold down 2nd and 3rd row seats, heated seats at different levels of control, home link system, steerable headlights, heated windshield fluid

Like everything about the car with the exception of reliability! The back up camera, ride and quietness of the camera are exceptional.

Ride is smooth and quiet. Both the third row and second row seats fold flat giving more cargo space. Adaptive headlights. The interior and exterior design is a real eye catcher. The dash and instruments are well thought out. Build quality is solid. Gas mileage is good. Smooth and quiet 6 speed trans

Sliding console arm rest, XM radio, comfortable seats, back up sensors and sleek design. The auto folding mirrors are very convenient. 

Interior and exterior design, rear storage space and capacity. Third row seat room and comfort - (I am 6'3" and fit nicely in the third row,) sunroof/skyroof, center console, very comfy fabric seats, integrated XM radio, OnStar (one of the main reasons we bought the Buick), quietness!

All wheel drive, remote start, navigation, turning headlights.

Remote start, park assist, memory settings on power tilt/telescopic steering wheel.

Style and comfort are the most important features.

XM radio, navigation, and love the classy wood trim. Seats are very comfortable and also love the sun roof and remote start. I'm from Florida and it got cold down here for a couple of days. Loved the remote start to get the car warmed up. Probably will love it in the summer too.



Too many to list! For the 1st time in her life, my wife is actually reading the owners manual to learn about all the user adjustable features on this car. Remote start that turns on the seat warmers is a really nice touch!





Styling and captain's chairs for easy access to the 3rd row. I was never a believer in OnStar, but now I am sold - the hands free and turn by turn navigation is incredibly easy to use and convenient (beats having a navigation system to program). The power lift gate is very nice.

Comfort, space, ride, low noise level

All the room

The advance remote starter, power liftgate and the exceptional radio. XM radio is a plus if you purchase along with OnStar 

Very quiet. Comfortable seating in all three rows. Handles like a sports sedan. The looks. 

Handling, quiteness, OnStar, parking assist

Head & leg room. Quiet drive. Looks, lots of chrome. Everything adjusts.

Interior decoration, room, and comfort.

Beautiful styling cues. Luxury compliments found only in the best of class, all others are now second to the 2008 Buick Enclave CXL, every detail is well engineered. The wood grain steering wheel, the Bose sound,memory seat for the driver, leather interior throughout. The power and handling is tops

Back up sensors and the Bose sound system are great. The HID lights make night driving a pleasure. Really roomy and comfortable. Fit & finish are excellent. Towing is fantastic, hardly know its back there, the 13" brakes make stopping while towing easy.

Headlights that follow the road, All the room inside, the look of the vehicle, and the most comfortable seating ever! The Blue/Gold paint job.

Comfort, looks.

Styling, handling, and the overall appearance. The interior is superior to any vehicle in its class, if there is a vehicle in its class

Articulating headlamps are a great feature. The remote starter that turns on the heated seats and rear defogger when needed. I just love the teal blue interior lighting along with the dash that is on all the time. I like the steering wheel controls which are well thought out and easy to use.

Awesome look, comfort, and handling and priced very well for a good looking vehicle.

Large interior, quality, seat and ride comfort, remote start, auto tailgate lift, high tech systems 

Quiet tuning, articulating headlights, NAV system, Bose 5.1 audio system, rearview camera, OnStar, build quality

Nice quiet ride. Love sunroofs. Rear parking assist, bucket seats. Enough room to put in bicycle with fold down. Enough storage space behind 3rd row.

The dash is impresive. The seats are comfortable with plenty of leg room. The audio system excells. Rear seating access is easy. Many excellent standard features that need to be seen.

The articulated headlights are the best safety feature ever. The climatization systems works perfectly, and the AV system will drive grown-ups to fighting over "XM," "No, FM," "No, here's a CD!". It is quiet as a tomb on the expressway, and makes that aggressive-beast driver in you yield.

Steering, acceleration, smooth quiet ride ,comfortable seats

The unique exterior design. Quiet tuning and the way the it drives, rides & handles for a vehicle this large. Power rear liftgate and the remote start. XM radio. 4yr-50000 mile warranty. It appears to be more a more expensive vehicle than it really is. The looks we get when out driving. Interior.

Articulating headlights, power liftgate, leather-heated-power seats and 10-speaker Bose system!

Quiet ride, comfortable seating, memory seats, convenient layout of dash, grace and style.

Where to start? Interior illumination is superb, as are all guages and switchgear. Seats easily flip out of the way for ingress/egress. DVD system w/seperate audio for front passengers is easy to use and sounds awesome. Large wipers sweep well: washer pattern is exemplary. Nicely designed armrest

Comfort, leather seats, so much room, design in and out

Super luxurious interior, genuine mahagony steering, leather seats. Love OnStar and turn by turn navagation, on board telephone, heated seats, stereo system is a 10, and the beautiful exterior design.

Comfortable seats and smooth, quiet ride. Great audio system. Beautiful dash layout and graceful flowing lines. 19? chrome rims. Back up system. Headlights Overall the fit and finish is great. 

Really everything- comfort, smooth ride and sleek design- everything is at my fingertips.

Absolutely beautifully designed vehicle.

The comfortable leather seats helps alleviate the bottom half (pardon the pun) during long excursions, while the top notch sound system together with a delectable ambiance of its interior wisk you away to someplace dreamlike. Also the power/memory driver seat is great. 

The option to have the seat belt in the third row middle seat attached for use or stored for when the seats are folded flat. the power tail gate controls on the front pannel. The roomy storage behind the third row. Love the moving headlights so much I miss them if I have to drive a different car.

Comfortable seats, quiet ride with great sound system.

Turn by Turn directions. Quiet ride. Backup sensors. Captain chairs. Power liftgate. Remote start. Most of all, the quiet interior.

Touch screen navigation and built in XM satellite radio. The interior look and design complete with wood grain & four bucket seats. The 19" chrome wheels add a distinct look to the exterior.

I like all the gadgets, but I worry things like the Nav system and complex radio controls will distract my wife, who is the primary driver. The Nav saved alot of back-tracking on a couple occasions, as some of the directions in brochures are just wrong! The whole package works well together.

Interior is a future classic, gorgeous materials for the money. The use of the more than ample space is fantastic. Love the space behind the third row, and this thing is quiet! Engine even sounds nice --like my Acura's! 

Very comfortable, precise handling, excellent build quality.

Smooth quite ride. OnStar, Runs on 87 octane. backup sensors. Heated seats where you can select either all, back, or bottom.Powerful A/C!

Quiet, quiet and smooth. Roomy comfortable front seats. Every feature you could want at hand. Lots of storage everywhere. Like the captain's chairs in back, and even the third row is suprisingly comfortable. Everything folds down fast and easy for carrying things. A great-looking car. 

Fob controls liftgate and remotely starts the car/fires up climate control & the heated seats. Heated washer fluid with outstanding spray pattern on windshield. Driver Info Center shows tire pressures & slew of programmable features. And don't forget Elmer Fudd: this puppy is vewy, vewy quiet.

Backup camera is terrific and the Navigation system is fabulous. And the remote start is tremendous in this hot Southern Summer.

The fit and finish and quality of workmanship. Also, the handling and styling.

I love the way it handles, and the ride is great

The look of an SUV with the functionality of a minivan, DVD player, the driver settings, built in garage door openers, trunk space, everything.

The captain chairs in the back, the power liftgate, the interior lighting and the headlights that follow as the car turns. Back up sensors are great.

XM radio, my favorite. Also the downloadable directions from OnStar eliminate the need for a navigation package. Works great, system speaks directions to you. I deliberately went off course to test it. System alerts you and asks if want new directions from your current location. Easy to use.

Comfortable seats, smooth and ultra quiet ride. Great looking. Lots of room.

Leg room, very comfortable front seats, logical design inside and out, low gas usage for being a large SUV, comfortable and easy to reach third row seat, very quiet ride, good crash testing, and easy to use navigation system. My son likes the DVD and built-in gaming inputs/electrical outlet

Power telescoping steering wheel, Bose radio, navigation, sun roof, and Buick quiet tuned interior.

I like the satellite radio. The easy out driver seat. The rear hatch open and closes with a push of a button. However, I do wish I had the back-up camera. It is a little hard for me to see over the 3rd row seats when backing out of a parking space but I do it. 

Seating, great looks, safety features. 5 star ratings, anti lock, stability control, traction control, air bags for all seating positions, HID headlights w/steering and super quiet. Nothing this large has ever driven so well. And $10,000 less than my sister's MDX

Quiet smooth ride, roominess and comfort inside, attention to detail throughout, the new lights and big windshield give a great view of the road even at night

Room. Safety features. Leather seating, Bose 10 speaker audio system, XM. OnStar navigaton is cool.

Power mirrows, power rear hatch, power tile/tele. steering wheel.

Size,comfort and quite ride. Jewel Red Tintcoat color. Nav system and safety features such as rear camera and back- up assist.

The comfortable feel and old school look of the dashboard gauges. The automatic backhatch. The auto-start on really hot days.

OnStar turn by turn navigation and hands-free phone.

Comfy leather seats, elegant interior, very quiet ride. Great looks - I get many compliments. Plenty of storage and seating. The perfect road-trip vehicle. 

XM radio. Easy to open seats. Push button trunk. Easy to move middle seats. Storage just about everywhere

Bose stereo, back up camera. Quiet ride, cargo capacity, innovative styling, 19" wheels. Articulating headlamps

Interior appearance. Navigator. Built in XM radio. Remote start.

Dual sunroof is nice. Kids love the DVD. And I love the ride.

beautiful interior can seat 7

Design, XM radio, GPS, Room, Comfort

Comfortable ride. Very comfortable seating. We have the 7 pass. version and the second row bucket seats are very comfortable. Also, the DVD is great for grand kids. Great amount of stowing capacity and pulls a boat with no problems ( we have factory towing package)

the interior size of the car, and that it is a luxury SUV without the super high price tag

Power liftgate, heated seats, dual heating/air, ease of folding 3rd row seats, Auto on/off headlights. Picks up and goes. Also handles well for large, high vehicle. 

Love the rear view camera, comfortable interior, great highway ride and especially the security on Canadian roads. Very safe feeling vehicle.

I love the fold flat third row seating and the ease of folding the second row seats. I was able to bring home an eight foot ladder from Home Depot and I sure couldn't have done that with the Avolon I traded in on this. I also love the XM radio & OnStar.

I have zero favorite issues.

Hand Free telephone. OnStar and the remote start for cold days. The seating for seven and the folding mirrors. Navigation system is great as I have no sense of direction.

Love the looks of the car and so do other folks.

4 yr bumper-to-bumper warranty, sunroof (s), quiet ride, seating comfort...storage capacity behind the 2nd row is huge...OnStar is great and so is the Bose stereo w/surround sound on the DVD

Probably my favorite is the ability to haul as much as I used to in my Expedition with much greater comfort, style, fun and with 20-25% better gas mileage.

Second row captains chairs, DVD navigation, back up camera and Bose stereo. 

Easy entry to third row. The quiet! Styling. Three zone climate control. The dash layout and lighting. The lighting, at night, reflects onto the console making it look illuminated and easy to find items. It feels like a quality Lexus I just hope Buick got the reliability to go with this fine product.

Seats, power hatch, backup warning sensor, smooth quiet ride, easy access to 3rd row, Bose stereo sounds great.

This vehicle is loaded with safety features, including airbags everywhere. All three rows of seating are comfortable, with the third row of seating easy to reach, thanks to fold up and out of the way second seats! The vehicle is fun to drive, and we'd buy it again!

The excellent seats, including the second row captains seats and the roomy third row seating. The Bose stereo system is awesome.

The luxury look, feel, and ride. Adaptive headlights, and the Bose system.

Sunroof, captains chairs for second row, body styling.

Interior/Exterior design. Interior comfort. Ride and quietness. Entertainment/Navigation system. Great towing ability. Two sunroofs. Cargo capacity

Navigation, rear view monitor, Aux. jack for MP3, DVD player. The spaciousness for all, including a 3rd row that adults can sit in! Great gas mileage for a 7/8 passenger! 

The blue-gold paint. Rear camera, comfort, XM radio, chrome wheels. Power tilt and telescope wheel, Bose stereo.

Standard Bi-Xenon's, power rear liftgate and 18 inch wheels on CX. Cloth seats in our CX are very comfortable and in Black look great. 

Comfort and quietness. Imperceptable road noise.

Adaptive headlights, DVD player, navigation, rear parking camera, dual skyroof

Dual sunroof. Stabilitrak-stability control. All of the airbags/cushions. Power liftgate. Smart slide seating. Ease of dropping back bench to flat & 2nd row up for 3rd row entry. The steering wheel (sounds crazy -- but I actually do love the steering wheel -- the way it looks and the way it feels).

Interior / exterior design

Smooth quiet ride, very relaxing driving experience. Second row 110v standard outlet is great for the kid's video games or other small electronics.

Great looks, the quietness is excellent has a great sound system, has adequate power for our requirements, has good cargo space for travel for 4 adults. The fuel consumption at 25 mpg is reasonable for such a large vehicle and the handling is excellent. We really like the 3rd row seating. 

Backup camera, navigation, DVD, auto folding mirrors. 3rd row of seats with quick conversion to cargo. Front seat warmers. Quiet package, Bose, AWD, the luxury ride! I also get lots of nice comments from people at stores and gas stations.

Articulating Xenon lights make a huge difference. Backup camera, extremely impressive interior room, ease of access of 3rd row seats through cabin seats, cargo space behind 3rd row, quiet and smooth ride, beautiful exterior, gas mileage for such a large vehicle

OnStar turn by turn nav, help find restaurants/gas stations etc. Seperate back heat on seats.rRmote start. XM radio



Love the styling, love the factory running boards, backup warning excellent, on board navigation features helps you, with a touch, know the condition of your vehicle down to tire pressure in each tire. Great for carrying a lot of passengers. Quiet to the point you can hear those talking in far back.

8 seats, quiet tuning, design and styling, we have the diamond white, fantastic colour.

Quiet ride. Comfortable seats in all three rows (have the bench in the 2nd row). Sound system is awesome! Night driving with the blue lighting is amazing!

Quiet ride, comfortable seating position

Quite ride

Exterior design

Soft leather, beautiful dash, almost silent ride, touch screen radio is excellent, superior seating height, quality throughout, front wheel drive instead of all wheel drive gives better mileage, 8 passenger and plenty of room for travel, high safety rating 

Hard to say with so many great features, but the navagation system and hands free phone are great.

The HVAC system on this car is incredible. Texas summertime temps of 105 outside and we hit the remote start and within five minutes the car is cooled to 72. Winter saw several snow days and ice on the windshield the heated washer fluid works very well. The car is also very quiet on the road. 

Soundproofing is wonderful. I love the XM radio, OnStar, and DVD player. Love the touch control hatch.

Automatic/dual air conditioning, OnStar, style, ride, ESC system/AWD. The whole package is a delight. 

Interior is great. 



Quiet tuning, articulating lights, the seating configuration. I love the captains bucket seats. Third row seats is really a third row, not a prop.

Looks, interior and exterior.

The look. The XM radio. The dashboard storage.

The Buick ride (once up to cruising speed) and styling.

Quiet, comfortable, style.

Love the backup camera, adult size 3rd row seating, power rear lift gate, luxury interior, woodgrain trim, quiet and smooth comfortable ride, space, DVD, nav, OnStar, phone. This SUV feels heavy and grounded (safe). 

Backup camera (really that's for my husband), OnStar, rear view mirrors that fold in when parking in tight spots, XM radio and it just looks so cool!

Written by: 



Opt 4 DVD/NAV entertainment. Cocoa metalic paint, 19" wheels, smooth quiet ride, and my favorite: Plenty of leg room for someone that is over 6 foot tall. In fact, I have more leg room than my Ford Expedition. My daughters love the DVD and the dual sun roofs. Outside fit of panels/doors/hood.

The ride and how quiet it is. Gas mileage has been very good for this size vehicle. Just like the entire vehicle, style, drive and cost to operate in these times of high gas cost. 

DVD, navigation, rear camera, OnStar, XM radio, quiet tuning, stabilitrack

Soft leather seats that breath. Instrument panel is great. Versatility of seat formation. Sound system is very nice. Lots of cup holders. Real smooth ride.

On our extended trip we made good use of the navigation system. It never failed us, and was fun to use. The handling and comfort of the vehicle are truly outstanding.

The overall look, nav system, and OnStar. Turning headlights are great at night. I definitely recommend the white diamond tri coat finish, it is stunning. The quiet ride. The 19" tires are also quite impressive.

Memory seats/settings, remote start, XM, roominess of cargo area, access to second row seats and their sliding/tilting ability. Heated seats that allow chosing back only or bottom and back. Powered rear lift gate. Back up assist. 

Interior, stereo system, DVD player

Quiet, comfortable ride, navigation, DVD, XM radio. Plenty of room for 6. Back-up camera, power liftgate, remote start.

Nav, luxury interior design

Articulating headlamps. Dash design and execution. 5.1 surround sound. Heated washer fluid. Remote start includes climate control function.Interior lighting. Manual shift button position. Rear cargo size. Backup assistance. Steering wheel controls. Incredibly quiet ride. A car the whole family loves

Comfort, quietness, looks better than a Lexus and much larger and roomier. 

8 passenger seating, comfort, styling

Large comfortable seats, exterior/interior design, on-star has been great, great warranty, smooth ride, auto rear lift gate, backup sensor, heated seats/mirrors. 

She is so good looking but it turn eyes on the streets whatever we go

Quite and smooth ride, room to spare, power hatch, beautiful interior and exterior, tight turning radius, navigation system, touch-screen audio controls.

Exterior & interior; quiteness, and roominess. Very safe! 

I like the dual sun roofs. Never had a sun roof before and I made sure it was on this one. Its hard to specify a favorite because its everything you'd expect and more. The neatest thing is the car e-mails you each month with a systems check. The phone system is great too. To call the car is neat.

Programmable seat settings for 2 drivers, second row captain's chairs, rear hatch control on remote, interior finishes, not having to stow 3rd row seats in garage when not in use.

Tri-Zone climate control. Dash style, powered tail gate. Sliding 2nd row for easy access to 3rd row. Aux Input

The car looks nice inside and out, but my only favorite thing is the moon roof in the back. My kids like to look at the stars.

Power liftgate, side curtain airbags for all outboard seats,ease of moving the captain's chairs-2nd row, fold flat back seat,On Star and XM Satellie, storage compartments, classy interior, quiet ride and handling, overall looks. 

Sunroof, 2nd row seats, cargo room, smooth and quiet ride, and over all luxurious feel.

Interior: dash board and front seats

Everything -- the remote start will be great in the winter and the sound system is amazing in this quiet car.

I love the XM, sunroof, OnStar, hands free calling, leather seats, the sleek exterior and the dual climate controls. I especially like the 3 prong outlet on the armrest console to use for my portable vacuum cleaner, or a laptop. I don't know if they can get better than this! 

OnStar phone, DVD player. Backing up system.

Solid feel, touch screen navigation with onstar and back up camera. Rear seats are very comfortable as is headroom.

DVD player for my kids, OnStar. Dual control for A/C and heat, heated seats

Everything. Buick has a real winner with this one. 

OnStar

Looks, comfort, quiet ride, quiet interior, cargo room, smooth ride, OnStar navigation.

The quiet. Comfortable with lots of room for everything, myself included. Like the dash design and wood trim. rear electric lift gate is a real convenience. Lots of legroom for rear passengers, even in third row. XM radio and OnStar are really helpful. 

I think the Enclave is the best looking SUV Crossover around--inside and out. It is classy! I love the garage door opener being built in!

Articulating headlights, sound system, comfortable 3rd seat, cargo capacity, ride quality, impressive interior quality. Power memory options with seat, steering wheel and mirrors. Very functional interior with fold flat seats that create as much interior space as a Tahoe without the exterior height or bulk

2nd row captains chairs. XM radio. Heated washer fluid is great in winter.

OnStar, quiet and smooth ride. Little or no wind noise. Feeling relaxed with no back ache after a few hours drive. Being able to slide out of and into the seat. Previous vehicle sat too low and being an old timer(well over 70) I can enjoy trips once again. 

Seating comfort, smooth and quiet ride and lots of interior room. No children in my family so room for me and my spouse to take what we want on a trip. 

Color, XM radio choices, OnStar, Bose speakers, DVD in the back to watch a movie. All cosmetic. 

Back up warning

Sunroof & separate skylight. Backup camera & sensors. Power window memory which includes steering wheel & outside rearview mirrors. 2nd row captain chairs. All the different programing available. OnStar.

Deep seats- I'm tall, articulating headlights-too cool, XM and Onstar, cupholders and storage, dual sunroof, power liftgate, finally third row seats that fold flat, and let's not forget the Bose radio. Also the power folding mirrors.

