Ridge/handling, style inside and out (always gets a "wow, this is a nice car" comment from passengers), trailer/tow switch for transmission. Long service intervals as guided by on- board sensor.

sunroofs before they leaked, dvd, 2nd row captains seats, room, navigation

This is one of the best looking vehicles on the road which is why I bought it.

Handling, Space, Leather Seats, Dual Sun Roof, On Star Navigation, Convenience of folding 2nd & 3rd row. 

Head up display. Access to third row seats with folding captains chairs. DVD, Heated seats. 

Looks good.

Heated seats, remote start, and the rear moon roof (the kids love to look at the stars through it).

On Star. Heated leather seats.

turning radius, comfortable seats, seating capacity and hauling capabilities

Heads up display, power tailgate, trailer towing kit larger cooling feature a must in Arizona.

Interior space and comfort

Rear bucket seats a plus, big storage area when seats are let down in back. Stabilitrac works great, handles well on road, V-6 has plenty of power.

Everything about this vehicle is top shelf, The trani is smooth and precise (remember it's a 6-speed so you won't see a big difference between gears). GM has got this one figured out.

Second row captains chairs, OnStar, XM radio, heated washer fluid (we live in the cold North)

DVD player for our granddaughter



I enjoy all the seats in it. I really love the heated seats. 

Smooth and comfortable ride, great handling, all manner of interior creature comforts. Love the satellite radio. Observed mileage around 16 city, 18 mixed, and 21 pure highway. Not bad for a vehicle this size. Power is adequate...barely.



Stabilitrac, OnStar, storage space

My favorite features on the new GMC Acadia are the dual sunroof, Nav with backup camera, and the power side mirrors. I never thought I needed these things until I got them, now they are my must have features.

Tons of leg room, easy access to seats, great appearance, fabulous bells and whistles--can't imagine anything else!

My favorite features on my Acadia has to be the dual sun roof, back up camera, and bucket 2nd row seating. If you use the 3rd row seating at all, being able to just walk between the seats is a huge plus.

The radio controls on the steering wheel are extremely easy to use. The tri-climate control feature is a must for families! The ease of these controls are easily adjusted by our children, who if you ask them, just love the stereo! I love the exterior design of the Acadia. Very stylish! 

Fold down rear seats, AWD, amount of interior space, turning radius

Heads up display. 7 passengar seating. Split fold down seats for 2nd AND 3rd rows.

Parking assit has saved a few bumps already but the built in XM radio feature is one of my favorites. Rear buckets come in second and slide away buckets for third seat entry is next.

Size

The interior is stylish and comfortable with plenty of leg room in any row. The dash is attractive and stylish. 8 passengers is huge plus for traveling with another family. The exterior is sleek and stylish with nice accents. Roof racks are a nice feature.

Backup assist is very helpful with the small rear window. 7 pass seating with easy access to rear seats is pretty slick. Console is well put together. Comfortable seats. 

It is made in U.S.A (most of it ) heated seats, heads up, display, OnStar 

My favorite features are the remote start and power liftgate. The fold flat seating provides ample cargo space and the utility I need to move our son's stuff to college.

Exterior design, heads up display, dual sun-roof, power rear lift-gate.

I like the automatic hatch lift. The captins chairs are nice to have and easy to get people to the bench seat in the back.

Entertainment package, 2nd row captains chairs, rear seat access, dual moon roofs, titanium leather, rear power door, good looks in and out. Can load 4x8 sheet goods inside (rear door ajar).

The HUD on the dash is amazing. It was an option that I didn't really want but came with the vehicle. I wouldn't change it for one without. I can monitor my speed at all times and love the way that it tells me temp. outside, speed, what song is playing on the radio etc.

The 3rd-row seat has more room than any vehicle we have driven - Durango and Pacifica. Overall looks are great.

The seats fold flat and make it easy to haul large items. If anyone in your family has a hard time getting in and out of a vehicle the Acadia will make it easier. ie... The elderly.



My wife and kids love the features as such XM radio, automatic back door back sensors it is very quiet inside when you drive!

The seating arrangement, the ease of opening and closing the tailgate, the sun roofs which I didn't think I wanted, and the OnStar. 

Access in and out of the 3rd row seating is the best yet. No more climbing over my seats!! My four year old can work the lever and get out himself! Love that the 3rd row folds down and does not have to be removed like other models just to use the cargo space! AWD great!

The heated seats are the best. I love the automatic start, lift gate and having OnStar and XM radio. The driver info center is fantastic and I get diagnostic e-mails from my car! The DVD is wonderful with the wireless headsets & remote.

No large SUV/CUV gets 40 MPG! Acadia mileage on Day 1 was better than I ever got from Jeep products and it's much more comfortable. Remote starting is very nice, maintenance schedules are consumer/pocketbook friendly. I opted for the FWD model to lower initial and ongoing maintenance costs

Love the automatic start, backup alarm and 2 sunroofs!

The voice recognition system is amazing! Totally revamped from the previous software which wasn't anything to write home about. Also the versatility of the navigation system gives you many more features than the portables. Like address book and voice link to OnStar & hands free calling.

leather seats

OnStar, remote start, heated exterior mirrors, heated windshield wiper fluid, electronic & heated seats, storage, rear temperature control, rear volume control, 115 v outlet, automatic lift gate, XM radio, mp3 jack, cup holders, sun roofs, exterior paint, great in snow, 8 passengers, Quiet

Radio, seats, remote start and rear hatch

Handling, style, Bose sound system, comfort, and fuel economy.

Comfort of seats, visibility, controls, and overall driveability. My wife loves that fact it drives like a car, not a truck.

XM radio, remote start, style, chrome

Can't pin down one feature because they all seem to be great. Sun roof to us is useless especially the two we have in this vehicle.

Quieter than the Windstar and the Trailblazer by a dramatic difference.

Roomy 2nd row and the slide seats to get to the 3rd row are the best. OnStar

Exterior and interior design; hi-tech equipment; captain's chairs; Red- highlighted gauges, command-driving position; pax space; solid, tight feel 

I love the adjustable second row of seating. I am tall and it is wonderful to be able to sit in the third row comfortably. I also love that it is so easy to get to the third row. 

The nav system/dvd is fun. I really like the HUD, but would like more information than is available. Rear camera system should be standard on this SUV. OnStar is truly our favorite feature, having been a literal lifesaver in our Sierra Denali, and also with vehicle diagnostics.

7 Passenger 2nd row bucket seats, without the minivan look

Roomy interior -- family of 5 (mom,Dad,2 teenage daughters and pre- schooler) is very comfortably seated. We have had 7 in the Acadia and everyone had plenty of room.

The sliding rear seats. Great for 3rd row passengers entering and exit. Electric rear door.

Handling, AWD,sound system. 

I enjoy the controls on the steering wheel. The size of the interior is Awesome for a family. Rear parking Assistance, and automatic starting of car.

I got mine loaded with all of the options I could get, it's the best way to enjoy the vehicle. I particularly like the navigation and back-up camera features. 

I have remote start and love it. The ride is superb. The XM radio is a blast and the OnStar feature is great. I like the versality of it going from a 7 passenger vehicle to a cargo hauler as I need it.

The whole vehicle is the complete package. I have all the options, So far they are all great!



The DVD entertainment is great for the kids and the skylights are very nice. The interior ergonomics are great, with ample storage everywhere and well laid out driver controls.The power remote liftgate and remote start on the SLT-2 are worth it as the truck automatically adjusts the cabin temp.

Heads up display, driver controls, and seating for eight comfortably. 



All

Styling, comfort, and powertrain are all worthy of mention. 

Electronic conveniences. Multiple presets on radios including mixing bands. Heated winshield washers clear dirt and bugs very effectively.

Captains chairs make getting in and out so easy, love the auto liftgate, easy to maneuver fold down seats.

7-passenger seating; interior space, smooth ride, easy driver controls, entertainement system, exceptional handling, great gas mileage for a full size SUV - Avg 27 mpg for first 2800 miles. 

The HUD and HID liights are great. The power liftgate and Nav system are very nice. The dual sunroofs are a cool feature. The interior space/storage is fantastic. Bose sound system sounds awesome with an ipod or MP3 disc.

Sliding 2nd row seats, Bose stereo, OnStar, remote start, skyscape sunroof

Sky scape roof, being able to move the captain's chairs forward/back, interior is wonderful

Seating, ride, power moonroof.

8 passenger with very easy rear seat access and really enough room for 8 adults. This is an excellent design. The back up sensors are great!

Roomy, OnStar and stereo system.

Auto start, dual skyscape windows, power liftgate, sat radio,captin chairs which recline and backup camera with sensors.



GPS, touch screen interface, backup camera, 

I love everything about this car except all of the problems it's giving us.

Design. 2nd row captains chairs. 

Massive storage in center console.

Room behind third row seat, backup camera

Ride is really smooth and seats are extremely comfortable. Handles great in all types of weather!! Interior is well designed and roomy. LOVE satellite radio and on-star!!! AWD has been great in snow!!

I love the vehicle, minus the problems from the recalls (heated windshield wiper fluid - may cause fires, leaking sunroof).

space, dvd player

Looks great, Lots of Room and 7 Seat option is great for rear seat access. So far has been very reliable, and build quality is very good (no rattles, body panels line up etc..). Only GM car I ever owned (probably last once they fail, but i would buy on again). 

There is nothing I like about this car other than the color.

Heads up Display Remote Start

New and snazzy looks outside; rear seats are a nightmare and the sunroof leaks--just look on the internet--not just our vehicle, HUNDREDS of them, all GM factory defects which result in dealerships trashing out the interior trying to effect repairs then an unwillingness to fix what THEY BROKE. 

Love the look, maneuvering ability, comfort, storage, convenience of all the extras, auto liftgate, Bose speakers, heated seats, dual sunroofs, outlet for the middle seat, rear backup sensors, folding side heated mirrors, 2nd row captains chairs- perfect for my daughter and son, hands- free calling.

The DVD player (which also had to be replaced at 3000 miles)

Back up camera, nav system, remote tailgate, 12 cup holders, 

Remote lift gate, remote start (great for pre-heating in cold weather), heated windshield washer fluid, Driver Information Center, power outlet (great for on-the-go charging of cameras & ipods), and power foldaway outside mirrors

Heated seats, heads up display, overall comfort and storage space

Styling, ride, handling, performance, versatility, features.

Head up display, power liftgate, dual sunroof, remote start.

I love the asthetics, it's a beautiful vehicle.

Two screen DVD with headphones, OnStar, car phone number, e-mail monthly report, etc. 

Remote starter, back up camera, nav, DVD, auto-manual transmission. The look.

Confortable ride, options when they work. Room inside, very roomy.

Nav, OnStar, DVD, and captains chairs

The captains chairs in the second row are very convienient. 

Sliding arm rest, storage room, and OnStar car phone

Sit a little higher than the Pilot

7 seat passenger seating, DVD player, style of vehicle, comfort of seats

Very quiet. Powerful drivetrain (easy to get it up to 80 MPH and think you're going 60). Comfortable -- drove Utah to CA in a day and felt good the whole way. Gas Mileage -- 16 to 25 mpg. Cargo -- handles 4'x6' sheets of acrylic. OnStar -- does turn-by-turn on the standard radio!

Great exterior appearance, interior is very functional and pretty, love all the cupholders and plenty of leg room

OnStar, XM, power liftgate, remote start, AWD, tow package, the ability to actually seat 7, the cargo area (I can actually fit my jogging stroller behind the third row), and the fact that the Acadia looks way cooler than a minivan. 

Quiet smooth ride, size, and 8 passenger seating.

Ours is a fully loaded SLT2 with the only item not purchased was the engine block heater. The HUD is kind of cool and the remote start is nice as it cools the car off before I leave the house on a hot day. I love the 2nd row captain's chairs and the fact that adults can actually sit in the third row.

Exterior looks

Leather, dual sunroofs, remote start 19'' wheels. The whole thing is great.

In general, this car has many features to be happy about. However, the HUD, XM radio, flexible seating, backup camera (your really need one on the Acadia!), smooth engine, and great climate controls stand out.

Remote start, power liftgate, trailer package, wireless headsets/DVD. Split 2nd row, great interior

Stereo system is great, but wish xm was optional as I have no use for it but still have to mess with it when switching from cd to radio. Love the 2nd row captain chairs. Comfy seats for long rides. Nice hideaway compartment in back.

Love the power lift gate and second row captains chairs. The XM radio is also neat since all the stations come in crystal clear regardless of where you travel. Signed on for another year of XM

The passanger sunroof as well as the fact that my children can listen to their own radio while my husband I listen to something else. I like the comfortable cabin and silence it provides. I really enjoy that It isn't as bulky as the larger SUV. My father has always had a Suburban and that's too big.

2nd row captain's chairs, 3rd row better than most vehicles and has 60/40, Power liftgate, rear backing sensors, dual sunroofs. 

The air conditioning is very good on even the hottest of days, and the 2nd row passengers have more than enough legroom. Our old Durango was short in these areas.

Dual climate control, the navigation system, backup camera and sensor system, the heads up display and the airplane like cockpit setting of the driver's area, all make this vehicle exciting to drive. Also like the automatic opening/closing rear tailgate and the remote engine start. 

OnStar hands free calling system is crystal clear - better than the bluetooth in our other vehicles. OnStar phone number download and saftey services. Bose 5.1 channel stereo with DVD nav is fantastic. Remote start, folding mirrors, heated washers, hid lights, hud display

Great styling, roomy. Nice upgraded sound system. Love the 2 moonroofs. 

2nd row captains seats, entertainment system, XM radio, OnStar, easy slide and fold seats, space of a mini van in a beautiful package.

Heads up display, automatic tailgate

The looks (inside & out), remote start, back up sensor, smooth ride, comfortable.

Style. Automatic hatch lift, 2nd row bucket seats. Lots of space in the back end!

The kids like the radio and rear entertainment (DVD). 

Leather seats, seat warmers! DVD. Rear controls so my daughter can listen to her own music! Rear camera, push open gas cover. Controls for the radio/navigation/cruise on the steering wheel. All the cup holders, the extra storage on the dash plugs in rear for pc/mp3. Basically I love it.

XM radio, navigation and OnsSar subscription is awesome. Moonroof and skylight in the back are nice touches

All the little compartments for storing CDs, pens, radios, etc.

Room for items purchased etc., and the seating is great.

We are a tall family, 5'9"-6'4", no lack of leg room with the Acadia. Second row seating is very comfortable. Lots of compliments on smooth ride and vehicle style. Automatic rear door is awesome when you are loaded down with groceries.

Telescoping tilt wheel, stereo aux input jack, trip computer, OnStar.

The dual-panel sunroof. Overall styling.

Everything! DVD system a must for children and comes with Bose sound system that makes it fun for the parents. Recommed high end features such as remote-engine start, Nav system after market as they are usually cheaper and better.

Looks great, rides smooth.

Looks and remote start.



OnStar/telephone, auto start, power liftgate, red instrument cluster

Tight turning radius for a large vehicle. Love the handling and the styling inside and out. 

Sliding & folding seats. XM, navigation, automatic climate control, remote start, onboard computer. Both back-up camera and sensor for backing up - both very accurate!

Interior comfort and design

Automatic start. Captains chair seating for the second row and the European looking dashboard

Small turning radius, fun to drive, great features, big size, 3rd row, beautiful.

Second row can be moved to provide more leg room..great feature. Setting up 3rd row seat easy. A/C with outlets for each row, best I have seen in any car

Instrumentation, ride, comfort, NAV, camera and sound features are just top shelf

I think I like everything. Navigation, sound system 5.1, back up camera, dual sky. The head set doesn't work if you sit on the passenger or driver seat. All about safety first

OnStar calling, XM radio

Very comfortable ride. Nimble handling, AWD. The vehicle's appearance appeals to me. 



The curb appeal and the most importantly the saftey features. And mine tells me what my cruise control is set on takes the guess work out. I love the back up sensor that lets me know if I am to close to objects, I usually back in and park when ever possible and it saves me from backing ito things.

wireless headphones..double sunroof

I love the Bose stereo system and handing the down shift mode and the head lights. The instrument panel in the windshield rocks 



All the seats fold down flat creating a huge area. I love the tri-zone climate control allowing everyone to be comfortable.

Dual sunroof, Nav with DVD and XM, 2nd row captains chairs. Really everything!

Exterior styling - interior comfort

Steering wheel controls to radio, parking assist, dual panel skyroof, & power lift gate

Space, comfort, OnStar

Heads up display, all the favorite settings for stereo. You can have like 50 favorite stations, auto start

Gas mileage, roofs, and seating room and some cargo room as well!

