drives well

Design, ride, options on SL model including sunroof, luggage rack and 6 CD changer we have. 

XM raido, heated seats, keyless start and Boise system 

Handling, and economy 



Gas mileage is great and rides smooth. 

Pleased with everything.

CVT, Bose sound, mileage, peppiness, comfort, trunk organizer under the floor, interior space, vertical seat adjustment for the vertically challenged, such as myself (@ 5'3), works equally as well to give extra room for my dear husband who is 6'2ish; gas on the passenger side.. just everything!

Smoothe ride and Bose stereo system. Tinted windows in back are done so that there is minimal visibility into the car.

I love having a back seat that folds down. It makes it easy and convenient to haul stuff. Those who need to carry lumber should get the Rogue SL; the front passenger seat folds down in that model but not in the S.

Blue tooth, Bose stereo, auxiliary MP3, steering wheel controls, Xenon headlights, seat lumbar support adjustment, leg room, drive.

Foot parking brake. Nice FM and CD radio, etc.

Quiet and smooth ride. I like that the parking brake is not in the center console. It's just in the way there.

 The style

XM radio, auxiliary jack for mp3 player, moonroof, intellikey keyless entry and start, controls on steering wheel for stereo and cruise control

The seats are super comfortable, drives like a car, good gas mileage for its class and love the bose stereo!

The Sunset Orange color, integrity of construction

Handling

Bluetooth, CVT no gears means seamless takeoff like a rockship. Bose that makes the most out of the interior. Intellegent key, trunk size and utlity, awd that holds the road when Corning, xeons headlights, gas mileage 400 to a tank on straigh highway average about 24 mpg all the time.

CVT, comfortable seats, good fuel economy, build quality 

Everything!! I love the dashboard and the color of the lights. I don't have all the bells and whistles, just the standards and I am so happy with it. My gas tank does lock when the car is locked which is something I never even thought about until I got this car. 

Nothing specific, but whole package

I love the way it looks! The seats adjust very well to accomodate any sized driver. 

Steering wheel controls with very clear Bluetooth. MPG. Color. Cargo area in back. Leg in room in back seat for 12yo and 10yo. Keyless features are really nice. Nice orange glow at night from dash, not to dim or bright. Adjustable headlight controls. 

Interior features, all the controls on the steering wheel, blue tooth, XM radio, general look of the vehicle, safety equipment

Blue tooth phone feature Bose stereo system, keyless entry, variable transmission, comfort - absolutely amazing comfort. Design - she has a classy design that other crossovers lack. You can take her camping or drive her to a nice 5 star restaurant and she fits in at both locations. Inside very roomy.

bluetooth and Ikey were very good features. the only features i will miss.

6 CD changer, Bose system, SUN ROOF, smooth & quiet ride. Exteriror look is awesome!

Ease of getting in and out. Plenty of cargo room. Great on gas and looks good too.

Fan speed selection, paddle shifters, bose stereo.

Handling and responsiveness of 4 cyl 

Did not know how much I would like satellite radio!! Fun to drive!



Storage, front airbags, side airbags, CVT, smooth ride, sound system. OK highway mileage. Looks great.

Steering wheel audio controls, keyless entry and start, Bose sound system, CVT.

Black interior, seats are wide and comfortable, Power, quiet cabin, the look!

Feels solid on the road. Interior looks great.

Exterior.

Bluetooth, XM radio, keyless entry, Bose sound, traction control, safety features (airbag curtain & sensor in the front), smooth ride, gas mileage (have averaged 25 mpg for last 300 miles & engine isn't broken in yet), sunroof, leather, mp3 jack, 6 cd changer, (so cute w/moonroof visor & roof rack!).

Moonroof, Bose stereo, stereo controls on the steering wheel, iPod interface, quiet 170 horsepower engine with pickup and power, and great miles per gallon. Also, can you believe the size of the glove box? Did I mention the Bose stereo sounds great. 

The feel of its road drive, and the way it looks!

I like the paddle shifters. Love the acceleration, which is surprising for a 4 cylinder. The interior driver cabin is comfortable and the instrument illumination make it feel like you are in a much more expensive automobile.

Roomy feel, good backseat seating, Bose stereo, nice mpg, AWD, Bluetooth, Intellikey, leather, handling, moonroof, value value value!

Gas mileage. Radio controls on steering wheel. Heated seats. Sleek style.

Keyless entry and the controls on the front of the steering wheel. The information console that is on the speedometer console. The deep glove box.

Smart exterior design, great dashboard layout, comfortable seats, superb sound system, extremely responsive, very good suspension, low gas consumption.

Bluetooth and paddle shifting.

Handles great, feels like a good solid auto. Has impressive power. 

Interior: the space is excellent, love the layout of the controls. Also the ride is very smooth considering all the potholes that occur here during the winter.

Everything about it.

Infinite fan speeds, dash glare disappears with sunglasses, back seat confort, mileage.

Heated leather seats, bluetooth, great ride for SUV, takes potholes like a champ.

Very comfy to drive, like the over style, handles very well in snow.

Comfortable seats, Blue Tooth, smooth acceleration, nice ride, good in snow, clarity of Bose sound system, paddle shifters for extra kick

Smooth ride, fit and finish inside and out, Intelligent Key, bluetooth 

Too many to list here... we will get back to you in 5000 miles

CVT Xtronic (virtual 6 speed transmission), Bluetooth, Bose with XM radio, xenon headlights, leather int., sunroof.

AWD, safety, CVT, comfy ride and sporty look; price tag for all of the above features and much more.

Bose audio, moon-roof, paddle shifting is fun too.

Comfort, reliablility.

All wheel drive, very kid friendly, 

Size and body style. Heated seats.

Convenience of controls for Blue Tooth and sound system, a real safety feature if you ask me.

Bluetooth is a real revelation; included XM radio; xenon headlights; quality of the leather seats and the interior in general.

Keyless entry, bluetooth, homelink, paddleshifters. I expect great (28+) highway gas mileage.

Bose, rear storage, room, versatility, sunroof, handling.

Bose sound, smooth ride, upscale styling, CVT acceleration.

bose system, smart key, smooth ride.

bluetooth, Satelite radio.

CVT, shift paddles, quietness, acceleration, ride, comfort.

Handling, especially on snow and ice. Comfortable roomy seating. Great looking vehicle.

Bose stereo sounds great - love the XM radio (no more exposed wires from my old Roady!) and 6 disc changer, Bluetooth, moonroof, pop-up cargo bag holder, comfortable seats, Xenon headlights work great, cool interior lighting, love the way my iridium graphite with black leather looks! 

sunroof bluetooth smartkey bose system

The car's blue tooth feature.

dashboard controls, steering wheel controls, handling, good gas mileage (23 MPG avg in heavy traffic), exterior styling/color (got the indigo blue model - it rocks!)

Bluetooth connectivity; Bose sound; Radio display system; Satellite radio (3 months free); smooth ride.

Fit and finish, gas consumption, comfort, size.

Fold down passenger seat, intellegent key, Xenon headlights, Blue tooth, AWD, satellite radio. Value for the dollar.

Bluetooth, paddle shifters, black leather with red stitching gives the interior very sporty feel, HID headlights, Bose sound and satellite kick. AWD feels very safe, excellent braking, very quite ride. Compass on mirror. Smartkey totally rocks

Blue tooth, AWD, comfortable seats, smart storage accessories.

Bluetooth, keyless entry, xenon lights, fog lights, adjustable leather seats and stitching on leather accessories and trim.

Stereo system, steering wheel options, spacious rear seating area and high quality. Great AWD system, excellent performance in the snow. Good in gas

CVT.

Bluetooth and MP3 are awesome, interior style and a nice ride are appreciated and the paddle shifters make it a blast. The keyless feature completes the joy.

I love the red light illumination for night driving. The keyless fob is great when I have my granddaughter in my arms. The way back is big enough for my 78 lb doberman. The back seat fits a carseat great. And the Bose stereo system - awesome. 

Bluetooth, Bose Stereo, Voice Recognition, Cargo organizer, Paddle Shifters, Hide-away rear center seat belt, CVT (no gear searching!), Adjustable Headlight height (face them down in the snow to see better!), Moonroof, Intelligent Key (No more fumbling for the key when you have bags in your hands!)

All the features are my favorites. Love the Bluetooth and XM is nice to have too!!!

Intelligent Key system (w/ keyless start), Bose Sound System w/ MP3/WMA comp. and XM, Interior layout and high quality look, sporty exterior, Xeon-headlight.

The Rogue gets high marks for exterior looks. It handles very well for a SUV. I drove mostly Corollas over the last 20yrs & I think the Rogue handles better than the Toyota. Whether it stands up to Toyota's reliablity will be another question that will tell over time. A good car w/a few problems.

Easy move "down" from Murano to Rogue; CVT was familiar; 245hp to 170hp difference was not noticeable (due to less weight?). Ride is a blast. Love the paddle shifters. Also the intelligent key and heated leather seats.

Bose stereo, bluetooth, mileage per gallon, handling/ride, moonroof, convenience features.

The bluetooth and aux port for my iPod

Fun to drive. Interior/exterior design. Bose stereo. Audio controls. Adjustable seat height. Safety features.

Bluetooth, speed-sensitve volume, intelligent key design, lots of leg room, cargo space and compartments

CVT is smooth. Fun to drive and MPG is also very good.

CVT, beautiful interior, excellent standard stereo. Great driving position.

Bluetooth, Bose speakers, Xenon headlights, grocery bag hook.

Very comfortable driver seat. Leather package. Great audio system. Dashboard lights.

Steering wheel options and home link garage door openers.

The Bose stereo system, the bluetooth technology for cell phones, the satellite radio and the steering wheel controls.

Ride and handling. Bose stereo. Steering wheel controls. Sunroof. The look. High quality. Hot wheels design. Quiet. Spacious rear seating area. 

CVT, fun to drive handling, bose system with 6 cds, overall styling and driveablility, bluetooth phone, xm radio, comfort seating.

Comfortable seating and good height options. Bose sound system and MP3 capability. Keyless entry/ignition is wonderful.

Styling. Color (Venom Red Pearl). Good value for the price.

AWD. Bluetooth. Homelink. Leather. Heated seats. Sunroof. Sat radio.

size, mpg compared to competitors, price compared to main competitors: RAV4 and CRV.

Intelligent key... no key in ignition switch. Satellite radio and 6-CD changer. Quiet inside.

Bluetooth phone, XM radio. Peppy and fun to drive.

AWD & VDC is amazing on wet roads - should be as good on snow, stability is solid on interstates with trailer trucks flying by, the CVT downshifts automatically on hills to slow down or give that extra assist up, cabin is roomy and comfortable and has sporty look inside to match the sharp exterior.

Interior appointments. Comfort of seats and ride in general. Great pick up for a four cylinder. Very pleased.

Cargo room, AWD, gas mileage (averaging 25+ in mixed driving).

Bose radio, steering wheel audio controls, engine, CVT transmission.



Bluetooth, Xenon Headlights, Bose Steroe with indash 6CD Changer, fold flat front seat, exterior styling, interior comfort

It is quiet, easy to drive and stable on wet roads. I have played with the paddle shifters but don't know much about them. I love the car seat brackets and stabilizers. Makes it great for my grand daughter's car seat.

Gas mileage

Leather package is great, Blue Tooth is excellent, and Smart Key was a nice surprise (I never thought much of one before, but now I miss it when driving my other car). 

handsfree blootooth, front seat comfort, bose audio, heated seats and car design

Bluetooth on the steering wheel, homelink on the rear view, heated seats, and the CVT 

HID headlights with adjustable leveling, trip computer, Bose, speakers, tweeters, subwoofers, leather, heated seats, air vents are very adjustable, high output a/c fan, bluetooth, lots of power ports, CVT, keyless everything, electric steering (increases hp), 17" polished alloy rims, price point.

I love the side curtain airbags, the kickin' stereo and interior design. Oh yeah, the center seatbelt in the back seat has it's own shoulder belt, not just a lap belt. I never seen a car that has that. 

Stability bars, tons of storage.

Awesome acceleration! Bluetooth rocks! Bose stereo with XM and a 6 CD, tunes forever!

Aux input for iPod. CVT for smooth acceleration. Quiet interior. Just the right amount of road feel and engine braking. Drives like a car. Good turning radius. You get a lot for your money with the Rogue. 

The fit, the styling inside and out, satellite radio, the fold down flat back seats for hauling my huge dogs... I have a Great Dane and American Bulldog. And again I reiterate the STYLE!!!

Bluetooth and intelligent key entry, Boise sound system.

Exterior and interior styling, entire dash layout, stock radio quality, peppy four cylinder, extended limited power train warranty.



The comfortable seats, instrument panel and the fact that I am five feet tall and it's easy for me to drive. My husband is six feet tall, and its comfortable for him as well. 

Seats. Radio. Smoothness of driving.

Bluetooth, Intelligent Key, seat comfort (leg room as a 5'11' female is important), smooth ride, console layout.

Bose stereo system and CVT.

Bluetooth, size, ease of driving.

SL model is nicely appointed. I think it has more acceleration than CRV or RAV4, and is a comfortable car to drive.

Looks like a mini Murano, handles like a car and the price could not be beat.

The Intelligent Key system makes the Premium package premium. Then there is that Bose radio option that really punctuates the music. Thank goodness the Bluetooth phone system interrupts the music to announce a phone call that I may have missed.

Leather and AWD options. Nice style outside and inside. 

Sound system. Color- Venom Red. Sweet Interior design. Nice.

The Bose system. Brakes are superb. Satellite radio.

Seat comfort, solid and smooth ride, fit and finish, the look, interior room, engine smoothness, anticipated gas consumption, just a great fun car, price very reasonable, thanks Nissan.

Color, size, gas mileage, interior.

Bose sound system.

Bluetooth, steering wheel controls as well, XM, fun to drive, Gas ok, parts not that expensive, someone hit me and had to get my back replaced, was only $700 for new part, painted and put on at Nissan.

Nice looking and comfortable ride. Nice features like satellite radio, bluetooth, etc.

Comfortable ride. Nice exterior design. Reasonable acceleration for the engine.

Sound system, interior, steering. It drives like a sports car with very little roll for an SUV. 

Heated seats, Bluetooth, Bose stereo, Smart Key (it's great not to dig for car keys in my purse!).

The design of the car, and the "trunk." I love being able to open the back up and put big stuff in. I could not do that with my previous car.

Styling; interior comfort; Bluetooth phone connection; reliability; fuel economy; Bose stereo; XM Satellite radio; cargo space; rear seat comfort (kids like it better than Honda Pilot); fun to drive!; huge glove compartment and good console space; Homelink; good seat heaters; excellent stability



The heated seats, the sunroof, the Bose radio system, the bluetooth capability the intel key, I love everything about it.

Auxiliary stereo jack, center console, dual power jacks.

CVT, AWD with stability control, interior room including back seat, gas mileage

2.5 engine, Blue tooth phone system, Bose stereo, quiet & totally comfortable interior, CVT, paddle shifter, excellent fit & finish, & a solid, fun, driving experience. 

Outside look.

Exterior styling, except for the nose\grille (ugly). 

High mpg, fun to drive, large glove box, all features are very user friendly, smooth ride, great on long road trips. Great looking in and out. I have white w/grey interior; paint is a pearl white and the grey interior is very low maintenance. I am always getting compliments on my Rogue.

Premium Package with audio controls on the steering wheel.

Comfortable seats, easy to get in and out, engine has plenty of power and great gas mileage.Boise stereo works great.



Bose stereo is nice, leather interior looks nice, quality seems good and very comfortable. Very happy with the high mpg and regular fuel requirement in a AWD vehicle. So far the power is plenty adequate.

Bose, heated seats the large amount of room in the glove compartment. Easy entrance, comfortable leather seats.

2.5 liter engine is responsive @ 170 h.p. this car will move. i like the power steering, which is independent of the engine. also a 110 amp alternator.

Moonroof, XM, Bose system, orange mood light, pep, exterior design, flip hatch in the trunk, trip computer, steering wheel controls

The Bose stereo is amazing! I can't get over this gas mileage! I can't get over the comfort and room I have in this car!

Steering wheel paddle shifters, heated leather seats.

Basic radio sounds great! Smooth ride. S model has all you need to ride comfortably (power windows, locks, a/c, cd player) without paying for SL model with all the expensive extras.

Design, style and definitely the orange alloy color! The cargo area is great especially with the pop up grocery area. Love the extra large glove box!

The comfort for a big man. Nashville rush hour flies by this vehicle is so fun to drive!

power, a/c, comfort, space

Front seat comfort, speakers, back seat comfort, smooth ride

great Bose radio, comfy seats, roomy interior, peppy to drive

Great gas mileage, sunroof, comfortable and roomy interior, the looks of the car.

acceleration

The CVT and the acceleration of its 4 cyl. engine. Car has great gas mileage.

Leather package, heated seats, heated mirrors, xm radio and I just love the voice activated bluetooth. Just touch a button on the steering wheel and you're talking. Very good gas mileage.

Controls on the steering wheel, XM, flip up cargo carrier in the back to hold groceries from rolling all over the back, moon roof, 4-cylinder that feels plenty peppy. 

Ride and styling. Very comfortable seats.

Fit & finish, MPG with AWD, ride quality, front seats, safety features, CVT with shifters on wheel, keyless entry/start, stereo system, driving height, computer screen location.

XM radio, bluetooth, keyless entry and start, CVT and the shifters on the steering wheel.

VDC, very comfortable to drive (travel for a living), great gas mileage,

Leather, smooth CVT, torquey I-4, Bose, passenger comfort, Homelink, Bluetooth! XM, seats that "hug" you. Manual shift (very fun)! Suspension.

Satellite radio, responsive engine, cool design.

Nice interior design and great body design.

Spacious interior, very quiet ride. Solid feel, even cornering at highway speed.

Driving this car was fun until now. I am concerned about safety since this incidence. I expected more for my money. 

Stylish interior and exterior, Bose stereo system, satellite radio, bluetooth, smooth ride, leather seating, moonroof, moodlighting, xenon & fog lighting, Nissan intelligent key, 6 way power front seat very comfortable, Homelink option, auto dim mirror, paddle shifters, steering wheel controls, etc.

Bluetooth, Bose sound system (but not XM), great MPG for an SUV even in AWD.

Built-in XM radio, moonroof

Fuel efficiency.

Gotta be the Bose stereo system and steering wheel console for the radio and bluetooth hands-free. It's easy to hook up, you can change the presets, volume, answer a call without taking your eyes from the road. A MUST HAVE for those looking to purchase.

CVT, tight steering, comfy seats, great-looking, quiet engine, good gas mileage, fun to drive.

Fun to drive

Comfortable ride. Easy fold down seats for going to hardware store. Keyless entry and start.

decent mpg/smaller gas tank, Xenons, Bose radio, trunk organizer, solid "feel", Blue Tooth, leather seats, wheel radio/bluetooth controls, smooth CVT, "infinite" fan speed dial, options u find in more expensive cars, interior quality 

Easy parking.

Sitting up high, Bose stereo, CVT, heated seats, & lumbar support. Pretty quiet for a small SUV, and good mileage considering the AWD.

Bose XM stereo! Love the air conditioner vents AND the dashboard display at night is awesome!

Bluetooth, and the Bose sound system. Also like the handling.

Red stitching on black leather seating looks great. Instrument lighting is cool. Very good mileage 23.5 in city and 28+ on the freeway. Paddle shifters are fun. Bluetooth is great. Lumbar support with leather package. Bose 8 speaker sound system is very nice. I will love heated seats in North Ohio.

The smooth ride and good handling. Brakes. Bose system. Steering wheels controls. Quiet interior. Big glove box and center storage. 

Nice design in and out, steering wheel controls, Xenon headlights, comfortable leather seats, Bluetooth, most of the premium/leather package stuff.

Bluetooth, Bose 6 disc sound system, leather seats, Intelligent Entry, price

Bose stereo, the intelligent-keyless system, hands free blue-tooth phone, steering wheel controls, exterior sytling, interior leather seats and trim, Xenon head-lights. Good price for great features.

Bose system, ground clearance, sports car like handling, city mpg.

Bose stereo system hands down my favorite feature on this vehicle. I love that I can just pop in my IPOD without using that big clunky hook up to your am/fm radio thingy that connects to the IPOD. 

Stereo, those little rope hooks hidden in the trunk, secret compartments under the floormat, the sturdy frame, the vents turn and adjusts up and down, easy access to cruise control, multiple interior lights.

Comfort, CVT, paddles.

Driving & handling. Good economy. 

Blue tooth, Bose stereo system, intelligent keyless entry and ignition, amazing comfort. Classy design that other crossovers lack. Interior features, all the controls on the steering wheel, sunroof, exterior design and the bright white headlight. V4, AWD, mpg, relative cheaper price - awesome crossover.

