Convertible quick to go down, large back seat, interior finish excellent, large trunk, comfortable ride. 

NAV. Big trunk. Turns heads (get a lot of compliments on it).

Seat comfort, ride, handling, and MPG. I like that the gas tank is 18.5 gal for extended cruising. Headlight distance is excellent. Very quiet ride with the windows and roof closed. Lighted Gauge display is cool and 6 disc is good for road trips. LED tail lights and the exterior styling superb.

Feels rich, high feature content, expected Toyota reliability, quiet, comfortable, roomy, smooth, night sky above

Exterior, quiet ride, looks.

Comfort of the seats, roominess of the trunk.

Looks and style, good MPG, minimal maintenance required and large trunk.

Toyota has a unique combination of workmanship, ergonomics, engine performance, handling and functionality. 

Larger than average trunk for a convert. Cup holder in console will accommodate 2 large cups and interior leather styling makes it look expensive.

Interior is very comfortable and roomy and good trunk space. Good gas mileage. Top easy to put down

The styling!

Smooth ride, good sound system, design

Convertible!

The top, the quietness, solid build and great handling feel like my former Lexus. Performance and gas mileage are great. Like the ability to lock the trunk and glovebox access and the valet key. Cool lit gauges. Comfortable multi adjusting front seats and roominess of the back seat.

Drop top is way too easy to operate, even at a light if it starts to rain. The overall styling of the sport trim is just nasty!

Convertible!

Everything except the small rear window

Convertible, shape of the car, comfort of riding. I like it all.

It's fully loaded with everything and all works wonderful..including the nav system, bluetooth, computers, climate control, JBL sound/DVD/MP3/radio system

Gas mileage. Fun to drive. Aux input. Huge trunk. 

The interior dash - everything is easy to see and read. We like the audio controls on the steering wheel.

Convertible top

Interior of car is excellent. Aux jack and location is great. Multifunction display is useful but not overwhelming. Smooth top made of nice materials. Engine is smooth and quiet. Came with a nice set of Michelin tires instead of normal low-end Bridgestone rubber.

Everything!!

Sleek look, comfortable seating, lots of room, and better than expected mileage. Toyota reliability. Trade-in values. 

1) Bluetooth with handsfree feature. 2) 4-disc changer with upgraded JBL speakers.

Interior room, trunk size, exterior styling, layout of the controls.

Comfortable leather interior, spoiler, nice size trunk and I truly feel safe driving this model car due to the FWD and all the airbags and security features.

Large sunroof, quiet ride, great handling, superb gas mileage (avg. 24.3 with 80% in town driving), bluetooth, leather.

Silky, smooth ride in a beautiful ride.

Extremely quiet and well built, the Solara comes with just about every option standard.

Color, amenities and gas mileage.

Bluetooth capability and on steering wheel stereo controls.

The outside look, all the storage compartments, the dash at night time.

Did I mention that it is quiet? MPG, V6 power. Top goes up or down in 10 seconds. Comfort. High intensity headlights. Manual override transmission.

Roomy cabin, front dashboard, smooth engine.

