Comfort, performance, rear seating leg room and storage.

Powerful motor, Smooth transmission, Platinum series has everything, very comfortable, I'm proud of it.



Smooth drive, second row captains chairs. Power folding third row and power reclining (my daughter loves this and insists on riding in the third row), power rear door.

Comfortable seats and plenty of leg room. Excellent drive train design with a quality feel.

everything

5.7 Liter engine, JBL stereo, responsive steering.

Engine, front and rear Sonar, stereo. Folding third row seat.

Power liftgate, folding mirrors, powerful 5.7 v8, power folding seats, JBL sound system, storage.

The towing is awesome! I pull a 2 horse trailer with 2 horses in a mountainous area with no problem.



Engine power. 3rd row seats. Build quality. Exterior look. Fog lights. Heated seats. Big sideview mirrors. Aux. hookup for our Ipod.

Fully loaded, so enjoying the toys. Will find out on my first "drive" in a week of 750 miles. 

The navigation system is great, pretty easy to use also. Blue tooth is nice. The ride is quiet. I'm amazed how much I use the electric rear hatch as opposed to manual useage.

Great turning radius, very quiet at highway cruising speeds, excellent acceleration. 

Exterior style, mostly front end. Climate controls are very nice and vents are Everywhere in the front, 2nd and 3rd row cabin! Quietness. Storage is overly abundant in closable areas everywhere. 12volt outlet in the center console is nice for charging out of sight. Headlights are very illuminating.

Driver's seat. The most adjustable and comfortable I've ever been in.

My favorite features include the automatic folding rear seat and the automatic rear door.

Fold down third row, comfortable seats, dual air control and rear air control, smooth ride and quite engine.

Number one feature has to be the look. I think they just look awesome. After that, I would say the engine is a huge plus and performs great. I love the integrated bluetooth, Navi system, and backup camera. I also purchased an extra set of floor mats for winter use. (rubberized) 3rd row seat!

Short turn radius, acceleration, interior space.

Reverse tilt mirrors, towing ability, backup camera, heated and cooled seats, folding 3rd row seat, towing capacity.

Push button fold down 3rd row seats, automatic rear door, rear window that can go down, 2nd row bucket seats, headrest DVD system, navigation system, smooth and powerful ride and wonderful turning radius.

Engine power- power to spare hauling 6000 lbs. Comfort; great seats, views good comfortable ride, plenty of adjustability for trailer towing. Turning radius - beats any other vehicle in its size class. Quiet ride, low noise at highway speed.

JBL speakers, DVD, back up camera

The power from the 5.7L engine. The tight turning ability of the Sequoia. The third row seats is very comfortable for tall guys. Also, if you get the DVD player option, it's installed with a 115V AC outlet with video ports, so you can hookup a game station for the kids to use with the DVD screen. 

Toyota emblem

Power rear door, ride, interior storage and space.

Reliable, powerful, large, and fun to drive. Feel very safe due to safety features, ride height, good control, & impressive braking. Lots of storage space throughout. Climate control & radio is easy to use (like steering wheel controls).



Comfort, ease of access to back seats, smooth ride, looks 

Steering, Engine, Transmission, Leather, Power tailgate, Power 3rd row, JBL sound, etc, etc.

I got the SR5 but I got it fully loaded. I love the driver's seat, especially the power ergonomic leg support. The telescopic steering is wonderful, and of course the 3rd row power seats. It's incredible how the rows fold flat to have a pickup truck on-demand. The 381hp 5.7L and 6spd auto are great!

My family and I really like how it is really easy to drive. Once you get used to the size, it really drives like a car.

I am impressed the the JBL Synses sound system. It is like having spent a ton of money on a sound system. The seamless shifting is incredible. I love the 6-speed. Very smooth. 

Seats, engine/trans, and the way it drives. 2nd and 3rd row seats are incredible.

This 5,700 monster has a turn radius like a Honda Civic. Driver has 4 cupholders in easy reach. The climate control is accurate and easy to use. Laser cruise control is totally predictable and so convenient. You must add this option if most of your driving is on the highways.

Navigation system is outstanding along with the integrated bluetooth phone.

I love everything.

Fun to drive; comfortable seats, good lumbar support, easy to park, great pick-up, lousy gas mileage (worse than Suburban). Not as luxurious as the Infiniti or Lexus, but more so than the Honda Pilot & Suburban,

Tight turning circle, powerful engine, smooth operation of 4WD system, transmission performs very well.

Heated seats, reclining seats in all rows, turn signals in mirrors, bluetooth connection for phone, backup camera.

Power, looks, maintenance, if you read the owners manual all that needs to be done is oil changes, ease of entry. 

Third row seats (big enough for adults) recline and fold flat with the touch of a button. Extremely roomy interior, easy access to third row, power rear hatch, tons of storage space, comfortable seating, a rear window that actually goes down, back up camera and adjustable shocks for "sport"/comfort"

Lazer Dynamic Cruise control, Nav, Bluetooth, sliding 2nd row seats, power rear seats that recline, and Heated Seat in the 1st and 2nd row



All the most important categories are strengths for this SUV: Utility, ride, handling, towing, engine. Second to none. The tight turning circle makes this big SUV easy to park. The fold flat third row is a must for anyone who actually plans to put people back there. Excellent driving experience.

 

The leather seats are plush and rear view camera is great. The second and third row seats have plenty of space for adults. The ride and gear shift with the 5.7 liter engine and six speed transmission is smooth. It's not a boat on the road and the steering, handling, and braking are very responsive. 

Power at take off no drag, good steering control not loose like our last vehicle Parking assist, back up camera, and rear entertainment system, heated seats, JBL upgraded sound systems, window shades, automatic side view mirrors with turn signal.

Window screens, light adjusting mirrors, power liftgate, power folding seats, reclining 3 rows, low tire pressure alert, roominess!, cupholders everywhere, get up and go!

My favorite feature is the 5.7L engine, it's very powerful but sophisticated, along with the 6-speed auto transmission.

The Sequoia is the most comfortable and quietest ride of any vehicle I have owned.

Room, power, power fold-flat 3rd row seats, and more room.

Sonar parking, 3rd row seat fully fold down, 5.7L engine, and of course Toyota reliability.

Bluetooth phone with navigation, towing capability, sonar, rear camera, DVD player, smooth and taught ride, fast acceleration, Toyota reliability and fit and finish. 

Power third row seat, leather package, sliding second row seats, hands free system, towing power, steering agility, comfortable seating space enough for 6 adults and child seat

Power, inside layout, comfortable seats, great visibility, quiet interior.

Bluetooth very easy to set up, back-up camera, powered 3rd row seat, powered liftgait and great handling.

Steering, gearshift on the side, Bluetooth/phone system, GPS, storage spaces, sonar parking, laser distance cruise control, height adjustment, power back seats for folding, power rear door with window, sun shades on all back windows, aux jack for iPod and/or MP3 player, rear camera.

Drives and ride like a car but pulls and haul like a tank.

Rear folding seats, power, reliability. 

Everything

Reliability

Reliability.

Love seating arrangement and comfort. Power seats throughout including third row. Three zone A/C is great. Nav system wonderful once you figure it out. Rear camera helps with parking.Turning radius wonderful for such a large vehicle. Auto load leveling, iPod connection and tons of storage places.

The navigation system is light years smarter than a Garmin (which is extremely reliable though) and the entire driver/passenger experience is enjoyable. The truck rides so smoothly for a monster of a vehicle, but generally the way you feel when driving this truck is the best overall feature.

Great power and handling, love the cooled seats and 2nd row captain. Fold flat 3rd row very good and easy. Auto hatch. Love the big rims. Recommend getting the fender flares, it makes it much cooler looking.

We like the size, power-folding 3rd row, stereo w/mp3, three-zone climate control, large size of seats, adjustable seats, and comfort.

Fold flat 2nd and 3rd row seats. You can really haul a big load. I like the sleek instrumentation on the interior and all the storage compartments.

The adjustable 2nd row seat, ease to get to the 3rd row seat, and the smooth, very quiet engine.

Blue tooth, sound system, engine, 3rd row, interior space and overall usability.

Power fold flat 3rd row seats with leg room. Power rear door. Power!!! (engine) Sliding 2nd row for legroom. Not many on the road. That's nice. 

Leather is nicely done-doesn't look cheap like other lines of vehicles POWER BACK GATE (this back door is extremely heavy & if short--good luck pulling/slamming it down otherwise). Touch button 3rd row seating (disappears into floor board)-easily accessible, but out of the way otherwise.

2nd row that slides forward for easy access to 3rd row. Easy latch installation on the 2nd row. Roomy enough 2nd row to fit all 3 car seats. 

Engine power. Exterior "look". Upgraded gadgets incl bluetooth, power fold flat 3rd row seats. Nav Is OK but not as intuitive as a Garmin.

Nav, phone, blutooth, voice recognition, rear suspension lowering for loading/unloading, power mirror folding.

Sound system, back up camera, navigation. JBL sound system sounds great compared to the Bose in other vehicles.

Fold flat seats, cooled front seats, the Red Rock color of the interior, power, and that luxury car ride.

5.7L engine, 6 sp transmission, towing capacity, interior spaciousness, power 3rd row seating, JBL stereo speakers, Bluetooth, 2nd row seat mobility, exterior styling, 3 zone auto temperature, automatic headlights, automatic door lock.

The 5.7 iForce V8 is a true gem. Toyota really outdid themselves on this one and it totally smokes the competition. Test reports say it'll do 0-60 in the 6s and 1/4 in the high 14s - not too shabby for a 3-ton SUV, and I believe it. This thing flat out hauls. MPG isn't bad, all things considered.

The 5.7L V8 is well designed with lots of power on tap. The overall interior are spacious. The back up camera keeps you in check.

Entertainment system for kids, design of interior, 6 disc JBL systems, massive arm rest/console area for storage, smoothness and comfort of ride, middle row slides forward for leg room in third row 

I enjoy all the storage space this SUV has to offer. I was really suprised with the Jbl sound system but my kids enjoy having the extra power outlet in the back. I love that the back window comes down. 

Love the body style, ride, Bluetooth, moonroof, power side mirrors, electric fold-down 3rd row seats, rear power hatch, 2nd and 3rd row space. For a large vehicle, this thing handles remarkably well. 

I thought I would never say this but the back up camera is awsome. With an SUV this size, it makes parking so much easier and a bumper the wont get damaged. The DVD entertainment with the wireless headsets are awesome as well. 

The power lift gate, nav, XM radio

2nd row Captain's chairs (w/no center console!), upgraded woodgrain dash, power 3rd row seat, power liftgate, TONS of room, storage, rear design (w/o spoiler), DVD system, standard sun-shades for 2nd & 3rd rows, ride comfort, sonar parking assist, ease of drive.

5.7L V8 engine, 3 zone climate control (finally an end to the temperature wars), massive center console (ladies, this is the perfect place for your handbag - it's easily accessible and won't dump out on the floor).

Memory seating, two captains in second row, power folding third seat, air conditioned front seats and heated second row.

4 wheel independant suspension, electric fold-down 3rd row seats, bluetooth, regular gas, projected reliability.

Steering wheel controls for audio and temp.

Powerful engine, smooth ride (18? rims ride nicer than the better looking 20?ers), backup camera, interior space, comfortable seating in every one of the 8 seats, DVD.

The smooth ride, power to spare, self deeming side mirrors, GPS, backup camera, heated sets, roominess, towablity.

Air bags. Navigation system. Parking sensors. Rear opening door from remote control. The rear door also closes with a push of the botton. Powerfull engine. Rear view camera. Towing capability. Looks. Handling. Resell value. Relabiltiy.

Back up camera. Sonar. Lots of room. Very comfortable to drive. 

Road handling ability and the interior room including large doors

My favorite features would be the automation. The 2001 didn't have the power hatch or power folding seats (it's a must with kids). I also like the captains chairs with the walk through to the third row. The look of the dash and steering wheel w/Bluetooth is great also.

The interior room.

Space, space, space, comfort, safety.

Power, smoothness of ride, quality materials although not very "fancy". Will probably be a lot of wood kits sold. Sensors, camera, gadgets, navigation, power folding mirrors, & toys.

