Excellent acceleration/power for a V6, excellent brakes (much more powerful than the IS250 brakes).

Speed, comfort

* Interior features / comforts (+ Nav) * Engine. Major power. * Resale value and reliability * Comfortable ride for hours * Exterior stance. * 18 inch wheels - graphite. * Overall Lexus quality... been loving THAT for years. * Not "everyone" has one. A little more exclusivity.

Keyless entry, automatic to manual trans option is fun. Inside lighting is cool. Heat/cool ventilated seats are nice. Speed of car.

Mark Levinson audio system is superb; love the keyless entry-this is so convenient; comfort of seats; speed of car. 

Nav system electronics and capabilities are absolutely fabulous. Power and torque off the line are very gratifying. Leather interior is a great standard feature and ventilated seats make summer driving a pleasure. And in black, this car even looks fast.

Sound system, performance, interior, bluetooth, lighting, reliability, F-Sport accessories.

Leather, power, cornering ability. I like the fact that it doesn't sound like a throaty sports car inside - I don't need that. If the infiniti G35 rode smoother and wasn't so loud, I would have gone with it. For folks who want a real balance of power and luxury, this is it.



The car is powerful, and very comfortable even with the sport suspension. Passenger-side standard 10-way power seats are a nice touch since its a option with the 3-series.

Lighting, GPS, XM, ambient interior lighting, smart key features, design lines

The 3.5L engine is wonderfully powerful and eager to run. The ventilated seats are great for hot summers. Sunroof controls are easy to use. 

Push start button. nice sound system. Very nice exterior and interior design. 

Interior materials, Sound system, nav. Great for straight away power. 

Quiet ride, push button start. great looks and power power power!

How smooth the acceleration is and how quiet the cabin gets when cruising. 

Favorite feature has to be that power. Also good handling and great gas milage. Very comfortable front seats. Also like the keyless entry, car start.

Suggested Improvements

The beautiful leather, the dash, the sound system, and wow, just the whole look of it - everything!!!

Back up camera, computer, seats, paddles and performance.

Lighting, style, XM radio.

Personal LED map lights. Baby cow-like leather. Auto leveling headlights. 

Great ride and power. First class but too small truck. The engine compartment is first class too. This car has rear wheel drive. This car has rear wheel drive. This was the main reason I bought the car.

Heated seats, navigation, sound system, seats are so comfy!!! Mine is fully loaded and the car just has everything you can think of and i love it!!! :) The remote start is my favorite!! 

