heated seats, great looks, performance/practicality balance.

Twin clutch AUTO. Torque curve peaks and is flat from 1800-5000 RPM. Sliding centre armrest. Factoy stereo, blue cluster lights, 10 airbags, dual climate control, 6 disc in dash CD, ALL FOUR windows are auto up AND down.That little convex mirror on the driver side mirror-eliminates shoulder checks

Sound of engine when I accelerate. Engine is very responsive. Instant acceleration when wanting to pass someone on the highway. Love having the sunroof open as it makes driving around at night that much more fun. Interior is very Nice compared to the 06 civic I use to have. 

I never use the crappy radio because the exhaust sounds so awesome.

Usable and broad torque band, eager and frisky chassis, a platform that is as rigid as a safe, interior fit and finish that are consistent with its German heritage, interior materials that have no business being in a sub $30k vehicle, steering wheel and dead pedal ergonomics are divine, balance.

Tight driving car at this price. Up to 30 mpg. Reasonably priced. Quirky plaid seats are growing on me. Instrumentation is well done.

Self-leveling bi-xenon headlights, power, handling, the stock Bridgestones are amazing! Solid feel and surprising roominess. Many features for the price and much more upscale than the competition.

DSG, MFD Computer, Steering Wheel, Interior Quality, Fuel Economy, Nightime Interior Illumination, HID Headlights

The quickness

Body style, it's different than most 4- doors, good solid car, sun roof, Denver rims, and Turbo performance and sound.

Turbo acceleration makes you want to push this car faster and faster. It is extremely willing. Very communicative handling and very nimble car. Interior excellent. Interior usability is exc. DSG simply amazing. Do a test drive in S mode and also try the manual shift. DSG blows me away everyday.

Steering wheel, 10 airbags, awesome sound system, xenon lights, leather, dsg transmission, paddle shifters easy to use. Sport mode is awesome, fun to drive in.

DSG trans, cool steering wheel, seating comfort and robust response of the engine. A great feeling of excess ( 10 speakers,10 airbags & 200 horses.)

Stereo, Xenon headlights, heated seats & mirrors in cold weather package, red interior lights that illuminate the gearshift at night - nice touch VW.

Cockpit style seating and controls. Firm, responsive steering and handling. Acceleration performance. Overall zippiness of the car.

Steering wheel. Plaid seats. Fit, finish, and build quality are first rate. Everything just comes together in the car; it's greater than the sum of it's parts. If this car doesn't make you smile, nothing will . . . 

The stuff under the hood. The suspension.The autobahn pkg

In no particular order: -DSG -2.0 L FSI -Driving Position -Steering Wheel -Interior execution

DSG, Turbo, comfortable Seats, hatchback versatility

Gas Mileage (averaging around 31 mpg), safety features, crash scores, Interior cabin, leather seats, comfortable steering wheel, awesome 10 speaker stereo, handling, owning a piece of automotive history

The "flat" bottom steering wheel! How cool is that?! Now that's a feature that every sports car should have. The DSG is so versatile, I love it. I leave it in "S" mode the most, it's very intuitive. The steering wheel controls, including the paddles, are very easy to get to and use.

Form hugging seats. I am 6' 2" and weigh 215 lbs. The cabin is huge and the seat fits like a glove. Cornering is like glue. Style like no other. DSG sounds and feels impressive. Just the right mix of power and grace. LAUNCH CONTROL!!!

The power, the gas mileage, the radio, the lights, the seats, the hatch, the whole car.

Solidity, performance, ASG mode flexibility including F-1 style launch control, seating, in fact almost everything - see below

Solid feel, the power when needed, DSG, the seats (cloth), overall outside look, xenon lights.

6 speed is smooth and i have always loved the blue and red dash lighting.

Punch when you want it, fuel economy, driver's environment. 

DSG, heated seats, sunroof, bi xenon headlights, premium sound system, body kit,a few other features. the only thing mine doesn't have is the dvd nav and autobahn package. for 3000, I didn't need it (nor could they find it). 

As mentioned the DSG. I also opted for the navigation system. This is my first time purchasing this option. I really like it. I think the Nav system will become one of those things you can't do without once you have one. Sirius Satellite radio is also very cool. I opted for 2 more years.

Perfectly engineered engine and transmission. Lowered ride height for 2008. The 18" wheels fill the wells nicely. So many thoughtful controls (all windows one-touch up/down, rear wiper turns on when you shift to R, front wipers slow down when you stop, blinker flashes 3 times when you tap once).

DSG Transmission simply put its the future of auto transmissions...F1 technology in a $24k car! Seats are like a glove, very supportive/bolstered perfectly for performance driving without losing long trip comfort.

FUN to drive! DSG. Overall quality is great. German feel! Mileage is outstanding for such performance. Computer. The stereo/wheel controls are super. The steering wheel is the best in ANY car under $100k. Seats are very comfy and the heaters work well. Great looks, HID headlights.

Fast, sporty, looks good, intimidating in your rear view mirror! Standard headlights (xenon?), and the upgraded stereo is decent if you can hear it over the road noise. 

Fits me perfectly, headlights are great, very nimble, love the turbo, great brakes, very practical for active people. 

Sirius radio, DSG,Xenon headlights, 6 airbags, Go with Autobahn package for the $$.

The sunroof, sirius satellite radio, everything actually.

Fun to drive. Easy to read instrument cluster. All controls within reach. Despite compact size, I still feel very protected (Not usual on small cars).

Turbo, DSG trans., perfect hydraulic clutching, pretty much everything.

DSG has to be the greatest tranny since Rupaul. Fantastic design cues. Interior is well laid out and materials are excellent. Better than expected ride even with 18" 40 series tires. Great balance between performance, ride, utility and economy. Turbo shows up early (and often)

Acceleration, handling, looks, interior ergonomics, DSG, decent mileage (average 28 mpg on mostly highway commute to work), and Xenon lights. Urge to race everyone at stoplight.

6 speed manual, driver info system, Autobahn package has everything one desires. 

1)No torque steer! Terrific steering feel/response-especially upon initial turn in. 2)DSG/paddle shifters coupled to 2.0 turbo I4. 3)Overall ride dynamics-balance between crisp/controlled handling & smoothing out frost heaved roads. 4)Red "night vision" lights that shine onto center console.



The manual mode on the transmission; the wonderful engine; the seats.

5 position seat heaters, very flexible and smooth engine, Zero turbo lag [peak torque begins at 1850 RPM], great interior, comfortable seats, nice clutch, hatchback versatility. Very good gas mileage. German car feel.

The engine, DSG with paddle-shifters, the interior lighting, Xenon headlights, premium stereo sounds great, the plaid interior.

It's just a cool car, too many great attributes to list. There are tons of safety features and this car has a solid feel (when doors close, etc). It's a great ride for under 30k. 

DSG, seamless acceleration, excellent seats, 10,000 mile extended oil changes, refined handling. 

The looks, the dash board display, the standard xenon lights, the safety features, the seats, the standard heated mirrors with blinkers, everything.

Great 6-speed manual! Low-end torque is plentiful and turbo pickup is smooth and predictable (little or no lag). Love the HIDs, multifunction info display and the seats - amazing. Standard stereo sounds great to me (I'm no audiophile, however).

2.0T engine and DSG are brilliant! Then there are the Xenon headlights, ergonomics and general styling (both interior and exterior). 

