dual exhaust makes the vehicle look cool, navigation, dashboard, 10 speaker sound system, ride

AWD and the 6cyl engine GREAT for what I need (great for the Canadian Winter) Lots of space for both seating & luggage.I feel very safe 

Interior and exterior design. Handling on the highway and city. Good mileage with the V6 if driven properly.

Rear entertainment DVD player for the kids & 3rd row seating. Fuel-efficient & drives like a sedan. Gets me to point A to B while keeping my kids entertained in the back without paying thousands more for all the standard features it comes with



Seating for a large driver. Knobs were easy to use. Extreme quietness, could not even hear motor or tires.Large cargo area, paint color.

Style, ride, roominess, handling. 

Comfort, smooth ride on bad roads, quiet.

Quiet ride, good acceleration and handling, decent gas mileage, long basic warranty (6 year, 60K miles), tight turning circle and good build quality. The vehicle really feels solid. Oh, the blue dashboard lights are cool too. 

Ratio of price to storage room and MPG while being able to convert to respectable passenger seating while driving around my baby boomer friends. My 20-something kids are no longer embarrassed by me driving round a Grand Marquis.

I like the blue dashboard lights and the layout of the dash is good. Leather wrap steering wheel is very Nice. Drives Nice. 



How comfortable all the seats are. The look of the interior including the dash. In mine the radio sounds real good. Safety features like air bags, AWD, ESC, etc. Love the AWD, never got stuck this winter. The look of the exterior.

Both exterior and interior

None.

Ride, interior comfort, excellent Infinity audio system, quiet.

I really am impressed with it all. I do like the blue dash lights and it rides smooth for a SUV. 

Interior, power, handling, audio system, dash lighting (gotta love that blue), trip computer, engine smoothness, ride quality, storage compartments, fit & finish

Heated seats on cloth seats great, sun roof, headlights that shine wide and bright. Nimble steering

Great interior and exterior appearance, excellent build quality, telescoping steering wheel, reclining back seats, duel exhaust and great sounding satelite radio with steering wheel controls!

Ride, Pick-up, Handling, Interiors, Value for money.

I really like the blue dash lights. Also I like all the room especially with the seats folded down. The interior looks like it should have cost a lot more. I also like the safety features such as the air bags.

Blue bask lighting on instrument panel, storage compartment on the rear, and the reclining second row seat backs and fuel economy.

The AWD is much easier on the piece of mind not having to decide whether to put it in 4WD at highway speeds in winter driving conditions. 

quality, ride, comfort, luxury, design, interior and exterior, quiet cabin, warranty, readability 

Love the design and ride. All the interior features are great. Mileage not that great but fair. Excellent cargo area. Great acceleration.

Interior, exterior, TRANSMISSION, engine,XM radio and on and on.

Heated cloth seats, XM radio, smooth quiet ride.

Interior

None as the transmission experience eroded my view of this vehicle. 

Blue interior lighting, 18" alloy wheels, looks, cubby spaces, doors open and close like a Lexus, handles snow very well, XM radio is great (I'm an addict now)

New Seat Fabric, More interior space

Heated seats, Gauges, Stereo, Leather, Reclining Rear seats.

back interior storage

Heated leather seats, tons of storage capacity, fold down seats, ergonomic hatch back, stereo, large rear cargo area, smooth ride

The four wheel drive

None, I agree with the poster of 3/18/08. Nobody wants to drive a vehicle with a faulty transmission.

safety rating, warranty is outstanding, dark cherry color, 18" wheels, blue int. lighting, rear storage, upscale feel compared to SUV's in similar price range, great off the line, puts you back in your seat.

Spacious interior, great exterior styling

NONE because of the transmission.

Auto Dimming mirror with compass, Dual AC/Heat controls, Handling and Safety!

the dash lights up all blue at night. it is hard to take your eyes off it while driving.infinty stereo is awesome.leather heated seats are great. interior is very quiet.

V-6 engine, Interior comfort. Available cargo room. Smooth & quiet ride. Attractive (blue) interior lighting. XM Radio (promotional offer) Outstanding warranty

XM radio is cool. Love the amount of storage space, great gas mileage, even with the larger engine, takes regular unleaded gas, lots of places to hide stuff 

Instrumentation layout is fine. Seats are comfortable. It has an adequate stereo system. Power to weight is proportionate and responsive at all speeds



Ride, Noise level, V-6 performance, handling, reclingin rear seats. Even the stock sound system is pretty good

The heated leather seats are excellent especially in winter months. Drives very good in snow and hugs the road making you feel secure.

The blue lights and stereo...smooth sailing ride!

XM, comfort, sunroof, headlights are superb. Silver Blue color. I'm not sure why it was discontinued, but it looks classy. 

Quiet ride, blue back lighting, sunroof, reclining 2nd row of seats, all of the standard features included in the Limited.

Styling on exterior and interior and roominess.

The classy detailing, rear air controls and comfortable riding.

Heated seats

See above.

Comfort and reliability great so far. Has a lot of pep. Sterio is great and all the features are very nice.

fit and finish, road composure and ride noise...or lack there of. blue lighing is different. Grocery box in trunk is fantastic (our CRV is terrible for grocery shopping); 

Stereo system, I love the peal white color and having heated seats. However, the heated seats are only in the front. 

Under-floor storage in cargo area, styling/looks are pleasing, comfortable seating, great seat heaters, reasonably priced, availability of seat heaters/premium features without leather package, 5-year/100K warranty, assurance program if you lose your job

Large trunk.Stable in winter driving (even with FWD).Good road feel and low noise.

Quiet cabin. Comfortable ride (after dropping tire pressure from dealer setting of 38 psi). Blue accent lighting. Fan control with eight settings. Comfortable seat with lumbar. Decent storage with rear fold flat seats. Lighted cup holder in front. Interior color available other than black.

The Infinity sound system

The blue control lights are really cool! Temp controls work great! Heated sets are wonderful! The ride in town is very comfortable.

Transmission, excellent headlights, comfortable seats, 

The color is pretty.

XM, heated seats, Blue gauges

Infinity stereo system

Heated seats are fantastic. Interior is very rich, cloth seats are better than any I've seen in this price range. Visibility and comfort is amazing. Base V6 has plenty of power on tap. Quiet ride even on coarse pavement. Hauls people and cargo well, handles like a well-mannered car.

The style of the Santa Fe SE with the larger 18" wheels makes it look up- scale and classy....

Like the 3.3V6 and 5speed auto. Like the blue lighting. 

The excellent coverage with the headlights. Also, I really like the blue light panel at night!

Quiet cabin. Dash. Blue lighting. Elevated ride without feeling like you're riding in a ginormous vehicle. Visibility is great out all sides! Aggressive front/headlights. Solidly built, you can hear it when you close the doors. Traction control was great in recent heavy snow. Overall fit and finish.

Steering wheel controls are nice. Was a great idea when they replaced the light carpets in the 2008...the '07 had light carpet w/light interiors even in cargo area. Wife said "no way" we get the car that way. Black carpets a much better idea.

Mp3/XM audio, style, handling. The fan has 8 levels that is really great (most cars have 4 levels of fan speed).

Blue instrument cluster, tons of room for cargo, this vehicle is not overdone. I didn't want to drive a Mercedes and this vehicle doesn't stick good looking JUNK into the interior to make you feel like you have more than you bought. They did it just right.



Excellent interior and Exterior design, Great MPG, Plenty of room, 7 seater, 7 channel Sound System

Smooth V6, excellent stability, interior and lighting, price.

Superb build quality. 5 passenger seating with TWO storage bins for what my wife calls my junk (jump cables, triangles, small tools, flux capacitor). Not broken-in, but averaging 19-20 in mixed NNJ commuting. XM radio and 7.1 sound system. NO DVD or Nav system. Cool blue lights and heated seats.

(cont) The 11 speaker Infinity sound system is phenomenal at mid to high volumes, though a little thin when lower. Auto HVAC system rocks, w/ third row vents. Reclining rear seats. Plenty of horsepower. Exterior looks can hold own when parked next to Acura, Lexus. Third row OK for short stints.

Comfort,options and also features a four wheel lock button, an option not found on most AWD vehicles. All the holders for different items.

AWD 6-Disk CD Player Rear Seat DVD 3rd Row Seating - OK for Kids Performance 

Quiet interior, smooth highway ride, Infinity stereo, beige leather w/ black carpet interior color scheme (wears well and looks luxe). Auto-everything, heated seats, and *huge* trunk and roomy rear seats.

Cool blue interior lighting. Storage areas under the cargo bed.

Glowing cup holders, two Sunglass holders, XM Radio, and Tiptronic Shifting.

Quiet ride, great acceleration and impressive fit and finish. 

XM built in and new controls.



Steering wheel radio controls, wood grain interior, smart air bags, V6, 18" wheels, seat comfort, access.

Exterior Sound system

Warranty, price, and the overall package. 

reclining back seats!

Stereo, sunroof, heated seats

The beautiful blue lights throughout the front dash, doors, and cup holders. The comfy seats and back head supports are very attractive. The seat belts are a nice size for the larger person. Tamper-proof gasoline fill door is an excellent feature.

Dual A/C, hidden storage under rear deck. Never had a sunroof before.Roomy back seat. 

Satellite radio, telescoping/tilting steering column, trip meter, folding rear seats that lock into place. 

Auto headlights, rear seat entertainment, beautiful black leather interior, no-nonsense dash/audio/ climate control layout, decent gas mileage, beautiful 18" alloy wheels + chrome dual exhaust tips.

adjustable seats, navigation, dual air controls, overall comfort!

Sunroof, AWD, roominess and power.

Everybody talks about the blue backlit gauges & accent lights (pretty cool!); great view of road, comfortable perforated leather seats; tasteful, solid interior; stylish exterior; good acceleration; whisper-quiet ride; wonderful stereo system; terrific maneuverability for this size of vehicle.

Navigation bluetooth

The gas mileage and warranty. The interior design with the additional cupholders in all door pockets. I like the split storage area between the seats.

appearance,color (khaki),power,transmission,dvd mvp player,interior lighting

Quiet ride, how you sit up in the front seat, ice blue dash lighting, good handling, hidden storage compartment in back, sunroof

none

Rear air vents. Blue accent interior lights. European exterior looks. Additional storage space under the rear storage area. Saftey rating.

Styling, safety rating, decent fuel, interior room.



Value for the price, especially the Limited. Great looks, smooth engine (3.3L), wide back doors opening to generous rear seats, huge cargo area (5-seat model), well balanced ride and handling. 

stereo and quiet ride

Safety ratings (5-stars), full 3-row airbags, stability control, Infinity stereo, highway ride, fuel econ. (I get 25 mpg avg.), nice blue lighting, and overall it's roomy inside, but not huge outside. 

Interior layout and assembly. New styling. Standard safety equipment.

The duel heating a/c the shiftronic tranmission with automatic/ manual choice and spacious cargo space

dvd player. blue lights even on the cupholder. smooth ride. easy 3rd row access. warranty. 5 yr roadside. no pressure sales.

Navigation: interrupts music when changing roads, informs which side of the road you'll be taking, very nice. Love the interior lights! Cupholders even have lights!

Great exterior design - wouldn't change a thing about it. Very cool looking blue interior lights at night. Quiet ride and best handling "car" Ive owned; decent acceleration, though only have 2.7 V6. ESC and alloy wheels standard



Lots of cargo space. I installed a Draw Tite trailer hitch and harness for about $150. 

the blue lights and sound system

Quiet ride, easy handling, good visibility.

The ride and comfort. Lots of room and storage space. 

Interior and dash lighting, gas mileage, overall looks of the car, color selection is nice. Two choices on the interior. Performance is good. 

Stereo, handles the curves wonderfully, even though I had to shift the auto into 3rd gear. The auto 5 speed

Heated seats make long trips MUCH more enjoyable. Tan interior is gorgeous with the black and chrome accents and black carpeting. Lots of storage space in back.

Interior and style

Blue illuminated dash, controls, etc. All in one package, engine noise is non-existent during highway cruising

my audio system with gps. It has a touch screen. How cool is that!



