I will be able to sell it even in a bad economy, I hope.

Heated outside mirrors, backup camera, bluetooth.

auto liftgate, keyless, rear a/c

Power tail gate, back up camera, captains chairs and foldaway 3rd row, blue tooth. Leather seats are great quality! Great rebates!!!!!

Back up camera! Dual climate control...love the sound of the ac through out the SUV on a hot day!

Comfort on the road. Gas mileage is 27 mpg on interstate trips.

captains chairs with easy access to 3rd row



Everything else about it is great - not as much cargo space as I would have liked.

Bluetooth. Captains chairs in second row. Ability to seat 6 comfortably. Performance is more than adequate and ride is comfortable. Cup holders everywhere, I am not sure if I have found them all? DAC works beautifully crawls down hills. Ability to select gears reduces need to brake in mountains.

Keyless entry and startup. center stow seat. Auto dimming rear view mirror. Mp3 CD cabability. Display information, temperature, average mileage. 19" wheels, auto rear door and heated seats. Bluetooth. Steering wheel phone and radio remotes.

Back up camera, bluetooth, great stereo system, sunroof, heated side mirror, deicer on windshield wipers (great for those icy winters).

Powerful V6, reliable, design, build quality, comfort, quiet.

The aesthetics. Beautiful Blizzard Pearl color. Nice roomy interior. Control panel, easy to navigate. Back up camera. All weather mats.

Fun to drive. Still learning all the goodies.

Power rear hatch, Smart Key, flexibility of stowed seat/console for 2nd row, ease of flopping both 2nd & 3rd rows, "conversation mirror". Remote operates fr: good distance, at least 1/2 block I could open the hatch w/arms full of grocery bags.

Power rear lift, keyless entry, bluetooth, backup camera.

The sunroof and back-up camera are really nice features. The navigation has been really helpful a few times. The heated seats are nice, too.

Love the display panel options, especially the constant updating of gas mileage and the backup camera display. Also like the 19 inch wheels. They soften the bumps during this incredible pothole season.

Love the versatility of the middle row, it can be 2 bucket seats, or have a console, or be 3 seats. The ease of folding the third row... it literally takes 2 seconds to fold flat.

Nice looking 19" rims, Bluetooth, Toyota two-tone steering wheel feels luxury to me, big-button console configured well, 270 hp moves well, handles well w/ small turning circle and not bad gas mileage for an SUV. JBL sound system is very good for factory. Likely high re-sale value. 3rd seat option.

Power rear hatch.

I think that the 3rd row is the best. You can actually put it up or down, without having to have it split. Highlander is great for a family of 7, but if you want a BIG huge suv like the sequoia- then that is the way to go. The sequoia is nice, but it too high to get into. 

Back up sensors, third row seat

Versitility of the second row seating: Captain chairs with tilt or bench seat. Power rear door. Adjustable thigh support on driver's seat. Easy rear seat access.

Suspension, 19" tires, rear window opens without door opening, driver comfort

 The seating position is very good, there are no blind spots, and the interior is very well put together. This crossover SUV is quiet and solid. Exudes quality.

Rear, automatic hatch, dual front climate control, rear backup camera, leather seats, push button start, keyless entry. 

Blizzard Pearl color, easier navigation, great interior looks, quality inside, lighted cup holders, premium stereo with bluetooth, massive exterior look, smooth and quiet ride, outdoor temperature gauges and indoor automatic temp. power tail gate. 

Nav, systems and gas monitoring, versatility, turning radius, fit and finish, luxury touches.

Roomy inside, sharp looking, all the bells and whistles.

Roominess. Navigation and XM satellite Middle compartment for middle seat in 2nd room. Bluetooth cell phone features. Smartstart automatic truck liftgate.

Engine/transmission are great match. Interior/Dashboard design. Overall responsive handling. Great sounding base stereo with 6 cd changer.

It drives very nice, especially in comparison to a minivan. Easy access rear seat, attractive interior, and good base stereo. With the subsidized lease rates offered by Toyota, this ride is a good value.

Second row seat versatility; heated seats; steering wheel buttons.

Larger cab you don't knock your head off getting in. The upgraded stereo and steering wheel controls. The fuel response and ride. Dual climate control larger brakes make the 2008 a great buy.

Electronics (DAC, snow, VSC, backup camera), auto climate controls, 3rd row fits two young kids or an average sized adult, 2nd row can be moved forward to give 3rd row space. Fuel economy is decent for its weight and mostly city driving.

Our other vehicle is a 2000 4x4 Suburban and we have a family of 5. So we were looking for a good gas mileage 2nd car that could tow 5000 lbs and that we could all travel in comfortably without breaking the bank on fill ups. This car does everything. 

Handling, ride comfort, color (gold), brand reliability, visibility, seating position.

The exterior styling is pleasing. I must sound like a grumpy person but that's not the case. This is the first time I've been displeased with a car purchase and I'm finding that it is deeply disappointing and constantly annoying.

Very large inside and very comfy.

19" wheels, ride, great tri-zone A/C, dash/console design, and I can now get big items in the car. New disposable paper cartridge oil filter intstead of metal can filter. Bluetooth.

Roominess and solid feel. The Bluetooth cell phone features are great and the rear power door is very convenient. 

More room, smoother ride and the pretty, periwinkle color known as bluewave pearl or something to that effect. Love all the cup holder spaces.

Keyless entry, rear camera, plenty of head/legroom. Lots of cargo room with third row stowed. Nav seems to be very accurate. Rear power gate. Programmable buttons for garage doors plenty of storage space/cup holders. Like the small display information especially fuel economy info.

Comfortable seating; 4x4; Backward video camera; voice controlled GPS; voice controlled blue tooth and audio devices; steeling wheel with many easy control buttons; three-zone AC.

Stowable middle seat / captains chairs. Very easy steering. Push button start. Backup camera without Nav system. HUGE back seat. Looks great inside and out.

Nav., sunroof, AWD, awesome stereo, everything. Ours is loaded and we love everything

Backup camera, pushbutton start, electroluminescent gauges a la Lexus, power rear door, innovative second row seating that supports muptiple configurations, usable third seat, driver's seat thigh bolster. MP3 jack.

silver metalic/ash color, real-time gas mileage, telescope dashboard, sound system, 2nd row command chair.

Homelink, appearance, comfortable seats, great breaks, controls on steering wheel, third row. 

My absolute favorite features are the smart key, the configurable 2nd row, quality leather and woodgrain and jbl sound system. The Limited version is worth every penny.

The wide seats and the overall space in this vehicle. It's wonderful. Great looking car also. It handles beautifully. The dashboard lights are night provide for good visibility. And the small blue light that highlights the gear shift in the middle is a nice surprise.

2nd row captain chairs & convertible bench seat. Audio jack for iPod or MP3 player. Plenty of cup holders. Lots of cargo space with 3rd row down.

Much quieter than my sports car. Smooth ride. Versatile cargo space. AWD. 19 inch wheels look great.

Favorite feature is hard to pin down. This car is just so darn smartly designed. I love the four cup holder up front. Tons of room for extras.

Suggested Improvements

Beefy design, very comfortable with lumbar support, fun to drive, great sound system, many extraordinary standard features.

Service by dealer; fit and finish; loads of techno goodies; comfort for a person of my size (6'2", 270) with my bad legs.

Big car feel but still quick to handle. I like the heavy looking style. Great brakes. Good driver visibility. Heated seats, back up camera are great features. Display screen offers current MPG and miles left on the tank. Full sized spare. You can "shift" this automatic for great mountain driving.

Comfortable, big seats. Good sound system. Seat ground height allows for easy entrance. Heated wiper area on windshield.

Exterior design, interior design, navigation system, backup camera, digital monitors, car-like ride w/SUV capability, build quality.

Stow and go was one of this big interior features that sold me. Love the Bluetooth (sometimes has been a little too difficult to make calls), rear camera, and cockpit design.

Rear back up camera, tri-zone climate control, quiet ride.

My wife loves the smart key best, but the second row captains chairs and the third row seat for the kids are great. Auto air and the rear air system truly make for a comfortable cabin. Back up camera is a nice safety feature for our neighborhood.

The backup camera is a great feature. Easy to see how much back-up room you have in tight parking situations.Also love the 2nd row bucket seats with plenty of leg-room.Toyota has also made the task of putting seats down flat easy, with a quick lever pull. Love the moonroof & the JBL system rocks!

V6 3.5 engines shifts smooth, bluetooth, backup camera, sharp turn radius.

Comfortable seats, powerful engine, AWD.

I'm a button-pushing gadget fiend, and I love playing with the navigation system! The big 19" wheels and great suspension give it an excellent ride. And the roomy interior does the trick for me!

Console look, backup camera, comfort, interior roominess, quiet and smooth drive, seeing all the mileage information on the LCD screen.

It's so quiet. We love the ease of steering, but it takes some getting used to. It's roomy and comfortable for me (6'4" tall). 

19 inch wheels, JBL stereo, smart key, rear hatch.

Seating options are great. Love the second row seat option! Moon roof.

Toyota quality, power and reliability. The SUV looks very good. I think it handles fine. 

GPS/nav, DVD, Bluetooth, back-up cam, Sirius, 19" wheels, Blizzard Pearl color, wood interior, 2nd row captains chairs, 5,000 lb towing!

Autostick! But I also like the optional seating and storage, can go from 2nd row bucket seats to bench in minutes.

Vehicle stability control, 4 wheel-drive, front windshield has heating grip, no more scraping ice in the winter.

I love the smart key option for entry and exit with the quick lock on the outside. I like how the dash is arranged - reasonably easy to use without taking your eyes off the road to an uncomfortable extent.

JBL, very roomy interior.

Everything:)

Rear camera is a plus. Comfortable. Even the side windows in the rear have defrosters!



Toyota reliability; gated shifter; very expensive looking 19 inch wheels; exterior design; rear-view camera and trip computer; tight turning circle for an SUV. 

Cool dash display at night, headlights work great, quiet fan, quiet ride, good acceleration.

Rear window opens. Most wanted safety features are standard now. Quieter. More power. Bucket rear seats. Adjustable temp heated seats.

Back-up camera, 19 inch wheels, exterior appearance, rear access flip-down 2nd row seats.

Navigation system, XM radio, DVD entertainment system, power train is smooth and responsive, like the new tranny - auto stick, rear seat flexibilty, power tailgate, tailgate window. 

Dual climate control for driver and passenger in front and addtional climate control in back, Bluetooth, back up camera, power liftgate and MP3 jack.

New design, interior features are smooth and organized, smooth engine, 19" wheels, bench seat in the back easily transforms into captain seats.

Navigation, Bluetooth, power door, and back-up camera.

Audio, AC, bluetooth controls on steering.

I love how the dash is designed. Everything functional is easy to find and easy to use. I also love the ride and the comfortable seats. For an SUV with this power, I think the gas mileage is great!

Good MPG for the size, Bluetooth is awesome, backup camera for hooking up trailer/safety, very quiet, comfortable seats with good thigh support, instrumentation, 4WD, gauges have helped me improve driving economy. Electric hatch back.

Rear backup camera, auto up and down driver's window, very adequate V6 engine, comfortable cloth interior, controlled, yet smooth ride. Had heated seats added to cloth interior through dealership - nice!

Remote rear hatch (powered). Nav system much improved over the Avalon. Bluetooth.

Quality build, ride, comfort, stereo, front visibility, headroom and legroom. V6 provides great / smooth acceleration. Backup camera. Love the 19 inch wheels. 

See above. 

Sunroof, heated seats, the back-up camera is a nice option w/ kids around. I love the fact of being able to make the 2nd row seat either a bench seat or into 2 captains chairs. 

Push button start, Bluetooth phone, JBL stereo, stow away seat, 2nd row captains chairs, roomier 3rd row than the competition.

Push button start, auto unlock.



Ride, comfort, JBL stereo, build quality, front visibility, headroom and legroom. Very good power in engine for acceleration.

19" wheels, rearview camera, power trunk opener, windshield wiper de-icer, Smartkey system.

My favorite features are the back up camera, power liftgate, the center stow seat, seven airbags, and smart key system with push buttom start.

Size, features, feels solid, good visibiltiy and safety features. 



Toyota quality is the best feature. Plus push-button start, "keyless" start and door unlocks. Power rear door, back-up camera, Blizzard Pearl metallic paint, rear seat configurations. Everything, really.

Prob the nav and backup camera. Love the 19s.



Heated seats, power liftgate, quiet ride, smooth powerful engine. Rear camera is helpful.

Everything!

Stereo, GPS, heated leather seats, room in back seat.

Leather a must, strong smooth acceleration similar to Lexus

Smooth gear transition, quiet, rides ok for a SUV.

Back-up camera, 3 zone A/C, Bluetooth, great fuel economy, Homelink (built-in garage door opener), 1st and 2nd row room.

Push button start & stop, JBL audio, Bluetooth, moonroof, leather & heated seats, quieter cabin, ambient cabin lighting in the front row seats.

Leather and the layout of the controls. Like the heated seats, but they take too long to warm up compared to other vehicles with this feature.

Voice command, comfort, build quality 

Exterior design, powertrain, drivability, cockpit-like front seat, configurable rear seats.

Factory IPOD adapter (plugs into XM Radio port); Seat warmers; keyless entry; lots of storage space; night LED light; backup camera. 

Tri-zone climate control, Backup camera, folding second row seats that stow from tailgate area, Bluetooth, decent stereo, large, bright controls, so much room in the second row--sat back there and had 4-5 inches between knees and the front seat (and I'm 6'2"), second row reclines

Surprisingly good turning radius. Very comfortable drive and ride. Thoughtful interior lighting that automatically turns on. Self-stabilizing and AWD.

Very roomy!! I love the size of the car versus the 2002 Highlander that I traded in.

Navigation, dvd player, mp3 hook up, bluetooth, heated seats, 19 inch wheels, power lift gate, push button start, limited edition.

Engine power, leather seats, power liftgate, interior room.

Push button start, Bluetooth, reclining back seats. Body side moldings, somehow it makes the vehicle much better looking. Dual entry rear door very useful. (Hard to find on vehicles these days.)

Much more leg room than the old model. Great engine and smooth shifting transmission. Quiet ride. Very good gas mileage. Bluetooth. Back-up camera. JBL sound system. Power lift gate. Push button start. Three way climate control. Heated front seats. 

The placement of instrument cluster speedometer, tachometer, water temperature and fuel gauge meters: LCD odometer and twin tripmeters. Auxiliary auto jack. Power tilt/slide moonroof with shade. Illuminate soft blue light over center console and cup holders in front seat. Star safety system

Passing-power, 5000lbs tow capacity, interior space 2nd row, usable 3rd row for light traveling, new body-style compared to 4-Runner, gas mileage (you will get at least 17mpg if you really pound it). Low cost of maintenance.

Look and feel of dash (not a fan of wood so we opted for the Sport model), actual usable 3rd row, MPG in HWY is actually as advertised or higher - got 27-28 on 1300 Mile drive back home from the state where I picked it up, Power Lift Gate, rear view camera. Overall it exceeds our expectations.

Technology, ease of ingress/egress, styling, tow 5k lbs, getting about 20 mpg in mixed driving, quiet, responsive, so comfortable, wife loves it.

Very smooth shifting. Very large glove compartment. Lots of cup holders! A/C & heater work very well. Backup camera handy, except in bright sunlight when it's hard to see the screen.

Smooth powerful engine, Bluetooth, JBL sound system.

Quiet soft ride, quiet powerful engine. Made in Japan

The sport package provides superior ride and handling. The exterior appearance-simply the best! The 440 watt JBL stereo system sounds great. The dual climate control systems (front and rear seats) works wonderful. The 19" wheels look great. Multi-function display provides handy information. 

Towing Package - second row adjustable seats with middle seat filler. Power tailgate. Manual gear selection. Multiple storage options, auto front and rear AC.

Steering wheel controls for stereo, AC and display. Rear auto door, back up camera and mileage displays. Storage options and flat floor cargo capability.

Navigation system, heated seats, back- up camera

Comfortable ride and space for 7 people.

Touch screen easy to use nav system, rear HVAC system, power rear hatch, key fob, 3rd row seat, cargo room, 5000 lb towing capacity, easy to fold rear seats from one simple location in the rear cabin, all weather mat for rear cargo area to protect carpeting.

Cargo size, decent power, decent MPG, Toyota's dependability

Sport has just enough niceties for me without overcharge, auto close tailgate, 6 disc cd, auto light system, 3rd row seat, glove box is the best rm i have ever had in any vehicle. Roomy. Gas mileage tracking even tho gas mileage not up to par as they said on sticker. 

The Highlander provides you with a smooth ride much like a sedan, very roomy! Lots of storage in rear for large items.

Smart key, JBL stereo, center console choice, high MPG for size, looks. 

Interior space, smooth and quiet ride, mix of power and decent mileage (20-25 mpg so far), ability to easily change seating configuration. I really do like the auto shifter as it allow you the feeling of more control. The seats are very comfortable and everything seems to work just the way it should.

Quiet, very subdued road noise, simple logical instrument display; comfortable seats; ergonomics; 

High end features of the car. Walk through capability to 3rd row (and stow away seat) Very roomy 2nd row. Well laid out dash and audio/air controls. You do not have to search around the controls and they are very intuitive

The roominess of the interior. Lots of leg room for tall people. Lighted control panel. Seats are very comfortable. Front seat console a dream. Gas mileage is a real plus.

Engine acceleration, roomy, 19 inch wheels, back-up camera, interior appearance, leather quality, 2nd row reclining capt's seats, rear lift glass, great visibility, looks like an SUV/truck (not like Mazda CX), easy access in/out, information screen, 

Very good gas mileage while still having lots of power to tow (how did they do that?). Very quiet and very comfortable ride. Navigation system, power lift rear door, 4 captains chairs. Very safe feeling with air bags all around, good cabin space, very deep dash board, and lots of head room.

The European style shifting. If you get bored with the automatic then you you have the option of the manual shifting sans a clutch pedal

Most comfortable seat of about a dozen different brands I tried. Gas mileage is very competitive for size vehicle.

The Snow button. I haven't a clue what it does, but I use it all the time. It feels likes it simply cuts power down. With a very light foot, tire pressure at 38, and Snow mode on, I get 22/28. The 28 was received after a 900 mile round trip at 65 MPH. At 55 MPH, I could get 30 MPG. Hybrid who? 

Great ride, great looking & Toyota reliability. 

Air conditioning, backup camera, keyless ignition, power liftgate, captain seats (second row).

Smooth ride, comfortable interior.

MPG and Toyota dependability.

Back up camera, blue tooth, information screen 

Interior, power rear hatch, stereo.

Interior design, roominess inside, quality of materials, relative fuel economy.

Very silent and comfortable, more than enough power.

A real third row seat for adults; acceleration and handling; entertainment system for kids; navigation system; blue tooth; rear power door; 2nd row seating options; smart key system; automatic rear climate control; backup camera; windows for third row viewing; and many others !! 

Comfort and quiteness of ride; relatively good gas mileage for an SUV; good cargo room and very easy ingress and egress.

Navigation, heated seats, sun/moonroof, aux for my iPod, the color... pearl blizzard white, backup camera, 3rd row seating, and smart key. 

Interior and exterior design and comfort.

JBL sound system and nav. Simple but distinguished exterior and interior design and appearance. Power tailgate.

Overall style, comfort and roominess. Front seats were very comfortable for my wife and I on our recent road trip. I'm over 6' tall and enjoy the leg room.

AWD, quiet and comfortable ride, spacious room, dash controls.

Moonroof, shifter with manual mode, upgraded stereo, 19 inch wheels, rear bucket seats when console is put in for middle seat. Aux jack for iPod.

Keyless entry & ignition, heated & cooled back seats, backup camera, steering wheel controls, lots of cupholders, spacious interior

2nd and 3rd row seating. Quiet and strong engine. 

Spacious and comfortable

Back up camera, rear seats, easy controls, keyless ignition, spacious interior, remote trunk open/close, lots of extras you'd expect to find on more expensive vehicles, but often don't! 

Smart Key system, JBL sound system, power rear door, back up camera, and 2nd row center stow away seat. 

Push button start, if you have not had a car with it, you don't know what you are missing. The key fob never leaves your pocket! Bluetooth is a nice and the rest of the interior feel luxurious. 

Premium radio, bluetooth, back-up camera, Blizzard Pearl Color, plenty of room, looks, smooth and quiet ride, push-button start, 19" tires, DRL, nice looking dash, rear climate controls, information center such as temperatures, mileage, etc. 

Comfortable seats. Great room for people in second row. 4 cup holders. 

Front and rear climate controls, stereo system, and back up video camera. Nav, radio and the A/C and mileage display.

Mileage, 6 CD changer with mp3 and wma. Outside temperature, well lit displays (previous models very poor displays), trip computer, easy to clean wheels and I like the full size spare mounted on the same rim as the others. Better value than the previous years because size, engine, etc.

Bluetooth, JBL sound, remote starter, smart key, power rear door, Sirius, Ipod hook-up, handling and ride, poweer of 3.5L motor.

Solid body and switchgear; smooth ride; 19 inch tires and wheels look very sharp; handling.

3rd row seating, roomy interior, handles well.

Premium radio, bluetooth, auto-latch rear door, great storage, leather heated seats, Blizzard Pearl paint color, exterior looks, dash, smooth and quiet V6,19 inch wheels, push button start, information center, size. 

GPS navigation system. The design of the dash board.

Enjoy the power liftgate. Really like the rear camera. Has taken some adjustment to adjust to its capabilities.

Hybrid technology, auto rear door, duel climate control and rear seat climate control, rear camera, navi, JBL sound system and entertainment system.

Room, room, room - for the adults, kids, luggage, you name it. Very quiet and good power. A very solid ride with the Sport suspension. Backup camera is very usable surprisingly. The gas mileage/usage display is handy.

Stowable cargo cover. Backup camera without having a Nav. Aux plug for audio player. Kitchen sink sized glove compartment. 270 hp V6 with just regular 87 octane gas. Second row hold down levers in the cargo area. Rear separate lift glass. DRL can be turn off manually.

