The 4b11 mivec engine is awesome, and I love the bluetooth, especially useful in California.

Bluetooth, Magnesium Paddle Shifters, Dash display. 

Sirius radio built in! Bluetooth built in. This car can turn on a dime. Gas mileage rawks too.

New style, inside and out. Unlike others, I LOVE the sound of the engine. I like to hear whatever I'm driving. The dashboard is a brilliant design. No seams from a detachable radio interface, and a wonderful flow throughout the cabin. Amazing backseat room for a compact sedan.

Looks, sun and sound- which I had problems with!

I like the style of the body & the curves/lines. The upgrade from the previous body style really helps to attract buyers who need that "Look at me" feeling.

Performance and the sporty look of the car.

Exterior design (not quality).



The FAST Key system, acceleration, shifting speed (for the 5-speed), turning radius, Multi-func steering wheel (with blue tooth) big trunk space, and the aggressive look of the car itself.

Cruise control I can use it on 2nd and 3rd gear. Sound system is AWESOME with or without the 650 watts. 

Accessories like keyless door entry, keyless start/stop, GPS, bluetooth, sound system, sporty looks, and the paddle shifters (to control your speed much faster). 

The navigation is extremely easy to use and awesome to find different restaurants. The paddle shifters are cool if you don't want to down shift. It handles like an F1 car.

-VERY ROOMY interior (especially in back) -Sturdy and Responsive handling -Facial features -Bright headlights VERY bright hi beams -Comfortable seats in front and back. -GAS MILEAGE got it up to 44.1 MPG doing 55 MPH!

Daytime running lamps, lane change feature, integrated key fob, ability to leave lights on all the time, multifunction display, steering wheel audio controls, and seat height adjustment.

Handling

The navigation system, and the sound package. The 600 watt sound system will give u the thrill. The handling on this car is superb. It can take corners easily. The sport tuned suspension is a great addition to this 08 Lancer. 

Looks great. Stock 18" wheels get attention. Handles very well with improved suspension on the GTS and multi-link rear. Rockford-Fosgate system is one of the best stock systems out there. Pretty good mileage (about 28/30 for me)

Still the Fast Key system. Navi w/ 30gig hard drive. Looks. Mileage! Doing normally 55-60 on my 37 mile trip to work, I avg. now around 35- 38 MPG! Best so far has been a click OVER 38 for the whole tank. It can be done!

Style cant be beat, and the warranty. great fuel mileage on the highway and city.

front grill design

stereo, response, front end looks mean! i love it!

650 Watt Rockford Fosgate stereo with a kicking 10" woofer. Aggressive stance from every angle. Interior design. One touch open and close sunroof. Peppy 2.0 L engine.

Like the Mitsu NAV sys and it's impressive features build in. Also like the sound system, paddle shifters and steering mounted controls. Overall design is good. The 18" wheels are a great addition.

I definitely like the navigation the most. The keyless entry is cool, no need to have a key, the alarm system is excellent, no one can ever break in without the remote! The paddle shifters are amazing and blue-tooth technology is great for me. Love the MP3 player, records up to 150 cd's. 

CVT drive, keyless remote. NAVI system. Sound system, style, looks and ride. Turning radius.

NAV, MP3 & DVD System, 6 SPKR Audio System, Octane Blue + Ground EfX are amazing. Many compliments

650 W Sound sys!





Power, fun to drive, stereo, on board computer

Fast Key, Blue Tooth, CVT

FAST Key-I love that my keys stay in my pocket. Don't need them to get into or start the car. Plenty of room for my big rear, the wife and two kids. The steering wheel controls rock too Bluetooth is a must have for 5 speed owners The car is rather zippy and always seems to be in the power curve.

Fast Key, 30GB hard disk, vehicle maintenance reminder. Tells when was last service and when it is needed next. Calendar w/reminders. Enviromental info (outside temp for the past few hours w/ altimeter). Dual trips and instant mileage computer. CVT w/paddle shifters. Exterior looks! Warranty!

The CVT is fun to use. The navigation and sound system are great. The blue tooth voice activated telephone system is a great safety feature.

High tech toys, exterior styling, smooth CVT.

Lots of room, can not beleive that its a sub-compact and yet is categorized as one. Love the heated seats and side mirrors.

Fast Key is great, Bluetooth, pretty good sound for the money (have the six speaker upgrade).

30 gig hard drive, navigation, music center

Navigation system, hard drive to download CDs, satellite radio, bluetooth connection, rockford fosgate sound system, the list goes on and on.

Nav works perfectly it can even locate my work (a building that has been there since 1970 that my tomtom could not locate). Sound system is a nice upgrade and fuel economy better than expected.

The new style and overall feel for the road is great!

The look and performance of the car. It is really quick and great on gas.

Paddle shifters and smart key system.

Navigation Sirius

Body style, paddle shifters,18 inch wheels, the warranty.

Aggressive looks, sound system is pretty impressive. 

CVT, steering wheel mounted controls, tight race feel in steering and turning. body design and the sun and sound package.

650 watt sound system, Fast Key, Bluetooth, Music Server, body style, paddle shifters.

Free sirius radio for 6 months with sun and sound package.

Style. Power. Features!

18 inch wheels, Fosgate sound system, 7 in navigation system, HD music server, Sirius addition, seats, room, gorgeous looks and best of all the affordability of almost everything in one package.

Where do I begin... sporty exterior, roomy interior, and great standard options!

Navigation system (beats many aftermarket systems) with Music Server and Hands Free Bluetooth calling. The exterior design looks far more like a BMW/Audi than it does a Kia/Scion. FASTKey is also a great feature... just keep your keys in your pocket or purse. Looks great in tarmac black!

Rockford Fosgate stereo, sunroof, MMCS. Warranty.

Exterior and interior design, comfort and responsiveness.

Exterior styling. Options, options, options! No more shift shock! Future performance upgrades.

Were would I start, bluetooth, FAST key, Navi, DVD player.

Nav system, FAST key, sunroof, spoiler, 18" wheels, interior room and CVT with paddle shifters.

Love the navigation and the fact you can store cds on the hard drive. It's a lot safer when you're not changing cds while driving. Also the Rockford Fosgate sound system is just incredible.

Music Server, nav computer, looks, color.

Bluetooth, 650 watt stereo, FAST key, 30G HD. Electric blue color.

Navigation, blue tooth, 30 gig hard drive to download ALL my music to, Looks, looks, looks!

Safety: 7 airbags (including knee), strong core body. Bluetooth: love the hands free system! This sets a new standard for budget cars.

The Rockford punch sound system, navigation, FAST key feature no fumbling with your keys anymore. The storage for all my music. Automatic climate control, bluetooth, and having everything on the steering wheel.

Comfortable seats, good smooth ride, good acceleration. 

Stereo, transmission, ride, everything.

Bluetooth, CVT, navigation, stereo features.

CVT, Bluetooth, sound system.

Suspension and handling, exterior looks, stereo, safety features, interior layout and room.

Exterior appearance, rims, spoiler, interior finish is better than Honda's Civic EX.

The GPS, the Bluetooth, smooth ride, factory rims, the handling, and the smooth shifter. 

Paddle shifters.

Stereo and Nav system are class leading. Excellent safety features. Surefooted handling and smooth/sporty ride. Precise steering. Exceptional looks.

Sun and sound system, bluetooth, steering wheel controls for 6 disk MP3 player.

Power - this car tackles tall hills in overdrive without much effort. It easily accelerates for passing (in OD). The suspension smooths the trails and sticks to the corners like velcro.

Fast key, sun and sound, navi, new exterior look, 18 in wheels.

The look of the vehicle, LCD display with navigation, sound controls, Sirius satellite, 30gb sound file system, and the sun roof. 

Steering functions: cruise, radio. Dashboard looks, chiseled appearance. MP3 capabilities. Stereo not bad for factory.

30gb Navigation system is definitely the best feature. Plays DVDs, MP3s, even an aux jack with video! There isn't much this car didn't come equipped with. 

1. GTS package includes 18" wheels, decent tires, nice suspension package! 2. Hard disk based navigation is VERY fast. 3. MusicServer, AUX vid/aud input, DVD player, Bluetooth Cell. 4. CVT w/6 pre-selected ratios using Magnesium paddle shifters = FUN! (Test drove w/manual too, CVT seemed faster.)

Bluetooth

I love the Rockford Fosgate 650 watt 9 speaker sound system. It is absolutely amazing. The bass it puts out is incredible. The seats are very comfortable in my opinion. They are similar to the Lancer Evo of last year, they 'hug' your body. The ride is amazing, it is all racing tuned suspension.

Proximity key, (for doors and ignition), Rockford fosgate sound system, sirius satellite, navigation (very easy to use), on board computer with calender, barometer, altimeter, lat on long... everything very cool.

Paddle shifters for the CVT transmission, 650 watt Rockford Fosgate audio system, sharp and edgy exterior styling.

Looks, interior and tech features. Roomy.

I must say the Titanium Paddle Shifters make the 2.0L 4cyl sing of a mid-engine car. The Rockford Fosgate sound system is just out of this world. The bass alone souds like there is a little man with a jack hammer under your car. I love the Navigation and the Bluetooth interface is outstanding.

