Good gas mileage, comfortable and roomy interior, nice dash display of all the various buttons

great gas mileage!

ambient lighting Sirius radio (heated) leather black interior/exterior 6-disc cd player sync system factory subwoofer looks good with tinted windows great gas mileage

sync and mpg are great.

SYNC telepone; MPG; trunk size; fun to drive very sporty; plenty get up and go; very nice seating; great radio; sunroof is nice to; heated side mirrors

Sync, handling, styling

the looks and the sport like driving capability



I love my Sync! It is a must, especially with the no cell phone laws. Artist/song shows on the console and Ipod plug is easy to use. Also reads the artist/song when playing. Leather wrapped steering wheel, rims, and silver siding. 

sync-I love the hands free stuff. Calling out tracks or artists is really cool.

As above

Great on fuel, trunk space, SYNC, room for five.

The sync system and fuel mileage.

I love the smart start feature. It is so neat that the car starts itself. I also love the controls. They are clear and easy to use. I did not get sync but I hear that it is also neat. I love the manual transmission. If you like driving a manual this is a great car. It shifts great.

Sync, Sirius radio, 43-45 MPG!

Speed control, onboard mileage calculator, Sync, quiet, zippy, turns heads.

Amazing power, this little car is fast, and you have to drive it. With the 5 speed manual I feel 18 again. The gas mileage is pretty amazing, sound system that comes with is excellent even w/o the sync. Plug in the i-pod and roll on. Outside noise is really cut, it is a music pod for sure.

It's made in the USA

5 speed, sunroof, vista blue, gauges look great at night, mpg

Sync, hands free phone.

Microsoft SYNC is fantastic if you have a iPOD and Bluetooth phone. All hands free and voice activated including reading your SMS text messages to you. Very nice feature.

Steering wheel controls for Audio/sync/Cruise. The MS Sync system. The handling of the car. The fuel economy. Side impact/curtain airbags. big trunk.

The Sync system, interior layout, gas mileage, and overall look

Whole car

The look and the satellite radio built-in, mileage, side air bags

Fresh new look. Drives and handles like a more expensive car. Gas mileage is great and interior is nicely redone. Sync is very cool. Car is a blast to own, best bang for the buck by far!

I love the music options, Sync, leather, heated seats and sunroof. The AC is awesome and will blow you away. Gas is so much cheaper to buy. I get 30 MPG and it's not broke in good yet. I look forward to 33 MPG soon. I spend $40 at the pump every 11 days instead of $75 every 10.

MPG

Sync, trunk room for subs, interior lights, fog lights, heated seats, the feel of the steering wheel the nice tires and rims and price

Price was excellent compared to all other vehicles in class that we looked at and drove before deciding on Focus.

SYNC!

Sync! This feature is too cool! Higher-set seats. Dashboard layout is nice, as well as the controls located on the steering wheel. Awesome trunk space.

Looks great for an economy car. Feels sporty since it's two door five speed. On trips it will get better mileage since most miles will be on highway. But 23-25 in town is not too bad considering I use the a/c all the time. 

Fuel efficiency, comfort, body style, 

Leather seats, sync system, mileage

Sync system, safety features, roomy trunk. 

Sync, visibility, direct steering, compliant ride, suppressed road noise, good balance of mpg and horsepower, traction control on a 14k dollar vehicle 

SYNC, keyless remote, alloy wheels, fog lights, 6 air bags, low price

Gas mileage!

SYNC voice recognition system! Just incredibly awesome! 90-95% accuracy (and I have a slight speech impedement too!) I think the speakers sound great despite what I have read on some forums. The bass is incredible, way better than any $75 aftermarket speakers I've bought for my previous car.

Gas mileage, styling and interior space. Love the CD/radio.

Sync, sunroof, quietness, handling

Sync - simply amazing and works great(surprising as its made by Microsoft) Like the design of the interior/exterior, much more modern that previous years and car actually has character unlike some of the other small sedans. Ambient lighting is pretty cool, unnecessary of course, but still cool. 

Bluetooth, ABS, traction control

Excellent fuel economy. Very quiet interior cabin. Great handling. Fun to drive. Quality 5-speed manual transmission (German Built) On-board computer providing MPG data. Comfortable seating. Fold down rear seats. Powerful 2.0 16 valve engine (Mazda engineered). Excellent interior lighting

Quiet ride, overall solid build quality, low price with incentives available.

Sync, fuel mileage, Sirius, message center, locations of controls

It seldom explodes.

I like the hankook tires. Got 64,000 miles on my last car with them, with miles to spare. Overall road feel and on center steering stability.

Quality, this car has an incredible feel to it, everything seems tight. Sync, this is the best feature in any car on the road today. I was looking for a manual tranny but for deal making reasons with my salesman I ended up with an auto. I really like the smooth shifts, their calibration is spot on. 

Ice blue interior lighting, responsive steering, large trunk, front facia, front bucket seats, design and layout of the dashboard 

Ice blue lighting, front facia, responsive steering, quiet ride, center instrument panel, front bucket seats, large trunk 

Loving the satellite radio. Traction control. SES euro handling. The radio/dash lights at night are cool and helpful in seeing instruments. Coupe syling with spoiler and rims. electrochromatic inside rearview mirror is awesome.

Sync (got to sit down and set it up yet) only have had the car for 4 days

This car is unbelievably quiet for a car in its class. Again the Sync system blows away capabilities on cars twice its price. Great car!

I love the info gauge it greatly improves my driving to conserve energy. Trunk is huge for this size car.

Fuel efficiency, mp3 jack

Gas mileage, room, and styling

I have the SNYC system and the 6 CD player, great sound system and very little road noise in the SE model. 

The CD player, line in, and radio. The colors of the light in the interior. Fuel economy. 

Sporty exterior. I love the wheels and rear spoiler. Looks sleek.

I like being able to get in and out of it with little hassle. Love the leather, cell phone access, leg room is more than my Explorer, color red; mood lighting is cool; moon roof; handles like my old Mustang GT...I like the whole package, price and all. If your looking or good mileage don't pass it up

High seating position for driver and passenger - giving more leg room. Excellent performance. Performance is better than our Corolla, and the car is more comfortable than a Civic. No back seat headrests which obscure the rear view in our Corolla - a lot.

Sync, so easy to use and is good with voice control. 

Sync, sound system, ambient lighting, moon roof, bucket seating, controls on steering wheel, 4 way adjustable driver seat.

The radio and interior are much nicer than pre 08.

The mileage

Price, pep, handling, driver seating comfort, big trunk and folding rear seat. Relatively high seating position-- great visibility except directly to the rear; Great sounding basic stereo; Quiet, solid door close sound; Quiet except for tire/road noise. Pleasant 'power' sound when accelerating.

Like the blue lighting for all the instruments in the car including the lock control.

The ambient lighting



Handling, gas mileage, looks

All

Fuel mileage, gauges, design

The seat is high enough to slide in and out without bending down. It has a huge trunk. Interior lights at night are soothing. Overhead courtesy light, which comes on when key is removed from ignition, is a big plus. The dashboard, with its detail and coloring, is very attractive.

The sync system is really sweet and works as advertised. The Sirius radio comes in better than the Toyota's XM. Stereo sounds very good. Sporty ride but not as rough as the Civic. Very quiet interior compaired to others in this class.

Love the driving dynamics of this car. It is a great blend of sport and luxury for such a small car. The Focus premium sound is great compared to the others. Ford uses the Sirius satellite for supposedly better sound quality over XM. Can anybody out there tell the difference?

Sync. Good option packages. Gas mileage. Quiet, agile, smooth ride. Side curtains airbags. Sits higher, don't have to climb down in or climb out.

Love the MP3 / SYNC system. I have a 70 gig drive plugged in with every CD I own on it. It's great to listen to what you want and the hands free phone feature sync to my bluetooth phone is fantastic, incoming calls mute my blasting music so I know someone is calling

Overall look and style and speed. Get-up-and-go performance.

Seats, gas mileage, handling, price (what a bargain!), build quality (not a squeak or rattle anywhere), made in USA.



SYNC (standard), ambient lighting, adjustable lumbar support, incredibly spacious trunk. Fuel economy. Handling. Styling

All of them

The handling, the moon roof, SYNC, ambient lighting, leather seats, blue metallic color, chrome details, trunk mat.

5-speed, white face gauges, 35+mpg

SYNC! You have to experence it to appreciate it. Takes 2 or 3 drives before you get the hang of it (talking to your car is strange at first) but when you get used to it-- awesome! Also the leather seats are really soft and comfy, the suspension is super comfortable. Super quiet inside! 

Hands down it is the SYNC system. 

Synch system is nice and gas mileage is impressive, my experience being on the high side of estimates.

Gas mileage! Sync, fog lights, ambient lighting, big trunk, 6 disc CD, moon roof, Sirius radio

The six airbags. The mpg is very very good. The tiny little motor has more power than the Civic and Corolla but can get equal mpg. Parking is easy because of its small size.

SYNC, fog lamps, new exterior and interior styling, fuel economy, and handling. The automatic transmission is powerful for a 4 cylinder and responds well to my lead foot. The amorous, borderline-jealous looks and compliments I've been getting are a nice feature, as well.

SYNC hands down. I love no having to take my eyes off the road when someone is calling or when im trying to change the song on the radio.

Fantastic ride, great mpg

Heated seats, very quiet cabin, nice dashboard.

Tilt steer & steering , digital read gas mileage, satillite radio, interior and exterior design, mp3, the low price, the comfy seats (who needs headrests in the backseats? They get in the way of trying to see out the back anyways.) and the large trunk space with fold down backseats are good option

Styling, looks, fuel mileage, solid driving.

Heated leather seats. SYNC. Kids love ambient lighting. Trunk space was surprisingly large.

I like the flow of the radio and and how the screen is out of the way. Also the new blue color is very nice to the eyes.

Everything

Turning radius, easy to park, very quiet and smooth. Lots of storage for my "stuff". Trunk holds our luggage with room to spare. Like the "message center" (just like the Fusion) and the classy looking interior and exterior, and the Perelli tires. 

I love the way it looks, drives and the mpg. It also has a large trunk for a small car.

Fuel economy, roomy trunk. Nice sporty look.

Electrochromic mirror, traction control, SYNC

Looks, ride MPG 

The favorite feature is the Sync? it is a gem of a system and should not be overlooked and is worth every penny compared to even the best Bluetooth headsets like the Jawbone. ?The Sync? is wonderful and the best value of any accessory.?

Interior lighting and design, traction control, fuel economy, the solid feel of the build quality (the doors have a satisfying "thud"), the scissor type hinges on the trunk make it easier to load things

5 speed has zippy power. Nice suspension, corners very well for an economy car. Superbly smooth, positive shifting manual transmission. Revs at only 2350 rpm in 5th gear at 60 mph. I wouldn't hesitate to take this little car on a cross country drive. Remarkably quiet. Sips gas.

Gas mileage. Stickered at 26/33 with automatic transmission. With the 50-state emissions engine, averaging >35mpg in a mix of city and highway driving.

SYNC! by voice I can make & receive phone calls via bluetooth (never have to touch my phone), not to mention choose songs/artists on my ipod mp3 and radio stations. It works and so far better than most new technology I've encountered.

Solid feel. Reliable. Seat hugs you. Fun to drive

Heated seats, good around town, and Sirius satellite is great for long trips.



Sync, controls on the steering wheel, reliability, gas mileage, supportive seats, auto dimming rear view mirror, defrosters in the side mirrors, lots of pep...it's just a great car.

Heated Leather Seats, Sync, Ambiance Lights, fun to drive, Remote control trunk release, good performance (for a 4 cyln engine), sports suspension combined with a comfortable ride, solid feeling (as compared to light and airy Japanese models), heated mirrows, safety features, etc.

Gas Mileage Sync

Love the usb port for music and SYNC, and mileage is great.

- SYNC system - smooth engine and automatic transmission - dash lights at night (nice blue hue) - gas mileage - great long distance cruiser - traction control and abs work great

Synch (almost didn't get, but glad I did), gas mileage, handling, pep - love just about everything to do with the car.

gas milage, sync and overall performance. 

New design. Interior layout. Great handling. Nice pickup. Great gas mileage.

Sync! The best feature in this tech savvy world. Great fuel consumption. Very clean paint work. Decent trunk size.

fuel economy, handling, sync

Fuel mileage, easy to park or manuver whereever you want to go and if you need quick acceleration it's will go. The look is very sporty and I likie the hands free blu-tooth and the music download options.



Pick speed to enter highway, and gas mileage.

Sync is well worth the $$$. I like my 16" wheel option and the fog lights on the SE. I also like the cavernous space under the armrest and the 5 cupholders. Larger trunk than most cars this size.

Dashboard clock/radio display is awesome - the trunk is HUGE for a small car

The 125 HP engine is a major upgrade. 5 speed manual is fun to drive. Sync needs a little tweaking but still cool. Oil filter is easy to get to!!!! MPG while towing:20-25

Gas mileage, Sirius.

Built-in Sirius, moonroof, "Euro" suspension, MPG, Perelli tires, SYNC makes life easier when it comes to the phone features, but its not user friendly with my iPod. 

I like the Sync system. The leather seats are very comfortable too.

Great looks, very peppy, and the family like all of the plug-in gismos. It gets good mileage, and it holds lots of cargo in the trunk. Engine is very quiet and the gearbox is smooth as silk. For the price of this car you simply must give it a look if you are on any kind of budget.

Drives okay.

SYNC syatem is great, 2 power jacks are nice, componants like the stereo that are not able to be stolen. The ability to use the extra remote to lock the car or open the trunk with the car running. Heated mirrors along with back window is very nice. Auto dimming rearview mirror is great 

Nice looks, good performance

SYNC. Hands free is great! The drivers seat is height adjustable too! I am 6'4 and fit with extra room! I recomend looking at the leather befor you buy it. I didn't like it but some do. I think it has a Volvo sport look thing when looking down the front side! 

Sync, ride is not bad for small car.

Seating, engine, lights, music 

Gas mileage. Handles well. Seats sit up much higher than other models

My daughter enjoys all of the gadgets, trunk space is good for a small car. Good mileage.

Mileage, driveability, and styling

Gas mileage

Sync, trunk space, mileage, and lighting.

Up high seating, excellent steering feel, well behaved engine and more than adequate headroom for my 6'-2" frame. The stock sound system is pretty good for the price, and its controls have the feel of what one would find in a much more expensive car. The trunk is downright cavernous for a coupe.

Gas mileage, reliability, smooth ride even on lousy Maine roads, great stereo.

Heated leather seats, Sync, Sirius radio, sunroof, safety features, fun driving experience, quiet interior, 6 CD capacity + bass box in the trunk, USB Port, chrome pieces, great gas mileage, sporty look, and I like the Solid car feel. (Japanese compacts are light and airy feeling). American built!

Engine compartment arrangment. Ease of oil change.

SYNC, hand controls on steering wheel, Sirius radio -- all great features. I like the look of the dash and the dials at night are awesome.

Mileage

The gauges are attractive and readable at night. The optional electronics are great - Sync, Sirius, speed-compensated audio level, etc.

Moonroof, awesome stereo, and I love the 17 inch Pirelli tires. Ambient lighting, heated leather seats ,sync sub woofer just to name a few options. 

Almost perfect manual transmission, aluminum engine block makes it very light and improves mileage in the summer because it runs so cool. Huge trunk. Great suspension. Nice seat set up for diver, very commanding view of the road. Safety. Great sound insulation.

I love the manual transmission. AUX input is a necessary feature for today's cars and Ford realizes it. Nice speakers and handling to boot.

Can't complain about the stereo. Definitely a great stock stereo system.



Styling (front and new taillights), good ride and visibility, easy entry and exit. Nice dash layout. Easy to read instrument panel controls. Message center.comfortable ride. Pzev engine. Location of coffee cup holders. Nice and deep.

Sirius sattelite radio is new to me but I do like it. The car is quick and I've got to be careful not to burn rubber. Shifting on the fly is excellent. Visibility is very good.

Leather, SYNC

Interrior is amazing, gas mileage, fun to drive

Its a nice color. Good sounding speakers.

Ride, fun to drive, and really quiet for a small car

Mileage, it stays around 35-38 MPG! Nice to fill up a 13 gal tank and see that I've got 470 mi. to empty. Cut my fuel bill in half. 5 speed shifter is seamless. Quiet! No need for stereo mods. Big trunk. No rattles or squeaks.

Great size trunk, stylish, I love all the knob gadgets (I don't use them, but I like them)

The interior lighting is so eye pleasing, the aux jack for my ipod, gas mileage, clock and music readouts are at eye level, and great trunk space for a coupe!

Sync, steering wheel mounted radio controls, quiet ride, mileage and info center

Sync, leather seating, the solid feeling of the car.

The ride and handling is great! And the MPG is as advertised!

Interior is top notch! Dash layout and sync radio system are my favorites

Sync, moonroof, leather seats

Dash board, body style, gas mileage

Sync hands free calling, Sirius radio with great sound quality, front leg room, mileage, value for the money. 

There is no compromise for safety and I feel that the solid Focus is built with the highest standards and workmanship to keep me and my family safe. Sirius radio is very good with improved sound upgrade. Nice European body style

Fuel economy, you'd have to step up to a hybrid for much better. Sync and Sirius radio. Good visibility and access is easy through the doors. The roofline is higher than my Infiniti. sedan. Performace has improved as break-in has completed. Engine maintenance access is good for a modern car.

Voice features, seat warmers, and gas mileage!

SYNC, Sirius, line-in to iPOD feature, safety features

Moon roof, wheels, seats, interior lights and dash, and most of all gas mileage

Great MPG. Good price

The smart rear view mirror, the Sync, and the power of the car

Good gas mileage, the engine is quiet. Heater and A/C work well. Ride is smooth.



Sync is awesome. I use an 8 GB thumb drive, it works great. Phone is in the pocket the whole time. Sound system is pretty good. Interior lighting, nice wheels and spoiler. Sharp little car with lots of fun toys for less than a base Civic or Corolla.

Sync, Sirius satellite radio, gas mileage.

Gas mileage! Seats! The air conditioning is awsome! The trunk space is very large, i-Pod jack, powertrain, quiet interior, smooth suspension and the overall fit and finish is very aero-dynamic. Which probably attributes to the fantastic gas mileage. All this for $13,600 out the door.

Stereo system with Sirius satellite radio with tons of presets. The new design of the interior and exterior. Design gives handling

Everything

Sync, 5 speed standard trans shifts like a dream. Great "Hill Power" for a 4 cylinder feels more like a V6

I found the manual transmission will keep your speed constant on a downhill grade, similar to an engine brake. No need to ride the brakes, just leave it in 2nd or 3rd or 4th gear (your choice based on steepness of grade) and the tranny does the rest. 

Interior, '08 body design, Sync. 

Sporty, Euro-inspired design and suspension cues. "Edgy headlight" Good options offered. Best protection plan in the market. Affordable!

SYNC by far! I love that I was able to load every option available onto the middle trim level SE. This gave me the color I wanted which isn't available on the SES and I didn't have to pay for the spoiler which I didn't want. Ambient lighting is pretty slick at night and the factory sub sounds great!

Auxilary input, SYNC, 5-speed, gas mileage.

