

Huge trunk, really like the look, radio is fantastic for just the basic stock any very roomy

Fuel economy Styling Price

room. performance

Handles pretty good for a big car. SS suspension, and V8. Huge Trunk, love it, everything is safe and dry. Heated seats and sunrooof. SS is cheap reliable fun.

Radio-For a stock radio (no Bose), it ROCKS!!! Ride Quality-smooth as a baby's bottom. Spacious Trunk. Small windows behind rear doors help with parking lot viability. HVAC-this car will either freeze you out in the summer, or roast you in the winter! Remote Start-Factory Installed.

comfort, pick up, interior size

Power everything, keyless entry & remote start. Great looks. 



Styling is eyecatching yet functional. The leather seats are well done and the car is easy to get in and out of.

Large trunk, quiet engine, smooth shifting transmission, good instrument cluster, very easy to operate

Quiet smooth solid ride, the on-board programable computer with tire pressure and fuel statistics, OnStar, 3.5 V6, the roomy interior, split bench front seat that allows 6 person seating capacity, suprisingly good fuel mileage for a large car.

Exterior looks very eyecatching especially with custom modifications, Chevrolet history, engine power, ride comfort, ease of use for all interior controls, very simple interior layout

303 hp engine. cylinder deactivation.

XM, 303hp, old style ss emblems (not like 04) dual exhaust

Comfort, OnStar, heated leather seats, smooth ride, hip room, huge trunk. 22 city. Center backseat headrest.

Nothing yet. Paint looks good.

Dual climate control, hands-free calling, heated seats, sunroof, audio controls on steering wheel

XM radio

MP3 capable radio. 

Comfortable seat, plenty of front seat leg room, remote start, XM radio, tire pressure monitor.

Gas mileage and performance, ride (very comfortable). Color (slate metallic). 

Heated seats, standard XM, OnStar, dual zone climate control, fuel economy for size, massive trunk, comfortable ride, steering wheel controls, rebates, warranty, flip/fold rear seat, fit and finish, value, remote start, garage opener, styling, stability control, made in America.

Interior design which includes: Dual- Zone climate controls, leather heated seats, OnStar directions, XM radio with an auxiliary input jack for an iPod.

I drove it for 300 miles, the heated seats were comfortable. Remote start seams like a great feature. mine didn't work.

OnStar, XM radio, hands free telephone. Heated leather seats a nice touch.

The drivability and performance. Then I like OnStar and XM radio. The moon roof is nice as well.

V/8! Flip and fold rear seats are great! XM with the Bose and the chrome rims. Huge trunk with pleaty of room when I take my wife and 3 kids.Takes me back to my 67 GTO... Nice rumble!Chrome exhaust tips are a nice touch. Traction control off and the car tracks straight...spins the tires nicely!

Many reviewers have stated that the car has pronounced engine and wind noise, and I say, Thank You GM! This is a pony car after all, it has power and it has every right to show it. If the engine or wind noise become too much of a problem, the stereo and Bose speakers are enough to drown it out!

OnStar with hands free calling, vehicle diagnostics, XM radio

exterior styling, roaring V8

303 HP engine accelerates nicely when needed, cruises like and finely tuned aircraft on 4cyl! 

Decent acceleration, good sight lines, comfortable seats

XM satellite radio

Good balance of economy and power, very comfortable car overall.

The simplified cruise control and the sound system tie for making driving this car especially fun. Similar to my '84 Caddy cruise, there is an on/off and the cancel feature separate from these allows you to quickly cancel and then resume cruise. The radio is 6-CD-MP3, XM, AM, FM superior. 

GM is finally getting it when it comes to the small things. My vehicle comes with a stereo plug for my i-Pod and three power plugs for all the gadgets we now bring along for the ride. I also like the storage spaces where cables, coffee, spare change and such can be accessed with easy.

It's the power.....raw freakin' power. 325 cubic inch, dual overhead cam. A true wolf in sheep's clothing. Beautiful leather interior. You'll grit your teeth every time you hit the gas.

American made! The interior is luxurious and comfortable-good stereo. OnStar!! When I hit a deer on the interstate after dark, OnStar was on the phone before the car stopped rolling.

The 5.3 v8 (of course). 4 cyl deactivation is great for the increase in mpg. 

standard power everything,seats, mirrors, locks, keyless entry, CD player with MP3 hook up, which i hook my phone into and have conversations through my speakers,so cool! but i think when it comes down to it the tire pressure monitor and average fuel economy readouts are my favorite features! 

Quiet engine, smooth handling, stylish, price, gas mileage 

the new display gauges body style

Body style, smooth ride, handling, decent tires. Huge trunk, quiet ride

The engine. Smooth transmission and active fuel management system is seamless. Sunroof, stereo (Bose), remote start for the winters. 

Quiteness, looks, leather, mileage, feel. American!

XM radio, build, bucket seats as standard for this year (08). Why would any one want a bench seat?

Car looks sharp, 18" wheels, heated seats, driver information center, trunk space.



Comfort and size, front and rear, are very good. Love the satellite radio and comfort of knowing we have OnStar in case of emergency. Transmission shifting is smooth as silk. Very quiet ride.

Great stereo, power seats, headlights,exterior design and dash layout

I have the LT with the luxury package and love all the interior styling and features. I like the power that I get from this car and think the mileage is pretty good, espcially when considering the amount of car I have.

Confortable, quiet ride. Decent acceleration when needed. Suprising MPG. Oil life, tire pressure monitor. 

Leather heated seats, nice ride, really good price, huge trunk 

Remote start, strong engine, computers tells you how many miles you have left in your tank similar to the Cadillac.

All the luxury and the comfortable ride for someone that had had three back surgeries and usually cannot ride in a sports car. It rides better than the Challenger, Acura, Charger and the Lexus for a smooth comfortable ride.

XM satellite

Dashboard, quite ride, again nothing fancy just your avg 4 door sedan. Love the auto start

Trunk space and ease of handling.

Remote start, gas mileage for V-8

Engine, for sure.

Loved the thought of a Corvette engine in a family sedan, hate the fuel mileage. Does the 1/4 mile in about 14 seconds if you can hold the front end straight and stop the tires from squalling. Dual climate control is OK, and the headlights are superb

The body has a rake to it that attracts those of us who like the muscle car look. Chrome adds a touch of glitz.

Has been reliable so far, good brakes, nice appearance, satellite radio is nice

Huge trunk, 32.5 mpg hwy, Red color causes other drivers to notice its high visibility, XM radio for the road warriors, leather heated seats and oh yes, the lumbar support:) Neat clean organized with everything within easy reach. Extremely quiet! Had to check tach because often can't hear the engine



XM radio, great heat/air conditioning, looks great, big trunk, fold down back seat, handles nice in snow.

Huge trunk. Good gas mileage. Solid handling. Reliable.

Metallic applique, roomy backseat, roomy front seats

XM adio, wood dash, huge trunk, interior room.

Ride, styling, large trunk, black color, XM, OnStar, remote start, Homelink, American car

V8 power! Large trunk and plenty of room for the family! Flip and fold seats. XM and heated seats. The leather looks pretty good too! Optional chrome rims look great on black. Remote start.

Gas mileage, exterior styling.

Brakes, stops on a dime, gives 9 cents change.

Leather interior, trunk size, heated seats, and a nice big car comfortable ride. Came with remote start, 17" wheels, dual zone climate control, ABS , Stabiltrak, traction control. Wood grain accent interior, power seats, the list seems endless. Don't forget the driver information center.

Automatic lights. OnStar! Had to use it already. My husband locked the keys in the trunk.

OnStar, satellite radio, two-tone leather, exterior appearance. competitive price

Fuel mileage (29.7 average for first 15000 miles, includes running at 75-80 at times). Very large trunk.

Body

Remote starter. XM radio. New engines. Ride. 

Flex-fuel capable, OnStar, XM satellite radio, safety ratings, seating for six, ride quality, fuel economy, stylish, large trunk, and fun to drive.

Power seat, XM radio, the trunk is huge. 

Fuel economy indicator, OnStar, huge trunk, and Ipod music hook up. Found that tires need to have 31psi cold pressure for best ride and gas mileage for vehicle performance.

Cloth seats feel great. Interior resembles a cadillac. Highway gas mileage much better than I thought. 

Seat comfort. Cabin arrangement up front. Easily-understood controls. The attitude of the selling dealer and selling company; they want your business and don't act like they are doing you a favor by being there so you can buy their cars, as with many Japan-sourced makes. "Good vibes" all around.

Inside the car is comfort. 6 people can fit in bench seat package. Gas mileage for a full size car 

Gas mileage

Stabilatrac, Bose speakers, sunroof, XM radio.

Exterior looks, smooth ride, gas mileage, two-tone interior, heated leather seats, universal remote system

Keyless entry; OnStar; center located shift stick; power seat; large grove compartment; roomy trunk; styling.

None

The 300 hp. The ZO6 heads. The sound of the exhaust. The mileage is acceptable. I can't tell when the engine switches from 4 to 8 cylinders. That is amazing. 

5.3L V8 has great punch, the ability to shut down 4 cylinders when cruising for improved mpg, the rumble!, red jewel coat paint, Bose system, never be without OnStar!

Seating 

Very comfortable interior. Plenty of leg room for a tall person.

Fuel mileage, ride, XM radio

MPG, smooth ride on freeway, good leg room, information center, interior look, dual temp control. Center gear shift. Power of engine. Most of all, good size car with good gas mileage. Pretty good trunk space.

Base stereo - I'm hearing things in the same old songs that I have not heard in years. Driver information display - mileage, tire pressure monitor, etc. Large trunk - swallows my gear out of sight from crooks. Appearance - so plain it is almost stealth. Good warranty.

XM, OnStar, steering wheel controls, highway ride and power to spare.

XM radio, OnStar, V8 motor and overall looks

Comfortable seats, large rear headrests, flip-n-fold rear seats, XM radio, flex fuel capability.

 XM radio is the best part about the car, gas mileage is decent, side air bags.feel safe driving car.

Two tone seats, 3 DC outlets, OnStar, Xm radio, huge trunk and flip & fold rear seats, 18" wheels. Mileage is still on the low side where the GTI got 24 with a lead foot.

Smooth. Let's hope it stays that way

Nice imperial blue, masculine looking, powerful engine, bench seat with column shifter, great gas mileage

Remote start, heated seats, XM, flip and fold rear seat, tire pressure monitors. E-mailed by OnStar! Great mpg great ride, quiet. Huge trunk

Not much

XM radio, sunroof and torque/power, ride/comfort. Feels well built, runs strong.

The car has great seats and the ride and handling are great, the stereo is the best I've heard from the factory in any car. It has a large trunk that fits are needs for all the traveling we do

Turn by turn navigation, power

V8 power and good gas mileage

Great CD player, smooth ride, fuel economy, trip computers and included features

Styling, V-8, comfort

XM radio, side curtain airbags. Four wheel disc brakes. Civilized driving will fuel economy and car component wear 

Smooth handling on highway. Adequate power, trunk is huge, love it!

Remote starting on cold days, XM radio,OnStar, six way heated seats. Power to pass. The looks I get from other old guys like me who see the SS on the side.

Lumbar support. No, seriously.

