sounds great. reminds me a little of my Audi S4 sports sedan. The air suspension is a must have. love the dynamic ride control. sport mode is really fun. I do allot of towning and the huge capacity is great. Love the interior design and the way the car lights up at night is just awesome :) 

The handling, interior, exterior, the side head lights when you make a right or left turn light up the entire side of the road. The quick response when you accelerate, the roomy leg room for passengers, the rear air conditioning, the navigation, the instruments redundancy in the steering wheel

Overall performance and safety is fantastic. Great sound system. This SUV is fun to drive!

Rain sensor, parking sensor, etc. virtually everything is autoed or powered.

The SUV has a nice interior. This was one of the reasons why I opted to go with the vehicle.

It has a parking sensor which is really a great feature that makes this car more futuristic. The heated car seat, 2/4 way A/C is also great.

The rest feature. 

Stereo,climate control keeps the car nice and comfortable.This SUV is great!

Love the air suspension, heated seats, four-zone A/C control, the headlights that turn with the car. . . I could go on and on. We are still discovering great little options we didn't even realize it had when we bought it. Also, it manages to look rugged and elegant at the same time.

Lumber support, the texture of the leather trim, the walnut dash, the ambient lighting at night, headlamps that turn with the wheels, the complete smoothness of the ride on any road surface, the deep window sills, the layout of the center console, and the parking sensors both front and rear.

Nice looking vehicle

Handling, ride, mileage are the best for the money. Low rollover problen, I have traveled across a 30% grade with rocks and loose gravel without concern in a quiet ride. Sound systen is balanced, as is the climate control, power tail gate is super. 

I love it get the fully loaded one and don't spend the extra 5k on the V8 not worth it. Drove it for a week not the same. I travel a lot on long distances, and it is awesome to relax in.Also, i was able to purchase the hands free keyless remote, best dam thing that was ever invented. 

The rest button that keeps the cabin warm in the winter and the automatic liftgate. I absolutely love both of these features. I also love the keyless start and 4 zone climate control.

The corner head lights when making a turn.

Fun to drive! Lots of room in the trunk. Wood trim + beige leather seat are amazing.

I love the aluminum trim, 19" wheels, exterior and interior design, standard sunroof. Capable towing capacity, leatherette does well.

Overall styling. Dual climate control. Rain sensing wipers. Directional headlights. 19" wheels. Tire pressure monitoring. 

The huge list of standard features, good off roading, leather seats, wood trim, two-prong outlet in the cargo area of the car (great for tailgating or long trips), smooth and powerful engine with an awesome 6-speed automatic.

The electronic parking assist proves to be quite useful when parking in tight spaces.

I purchased the SUV w/ the Lux package. I love the fact that both passenger and driver had power seats. I also loved the automatic windshield wipers, which are great because as soon as any water hits the windshield, the wipers come on; thus you don't need to worry about this while driving.

