quiet 2L engine, comfort inside, reliability, interior space

Fun to drive in summer.

Sat nav and voice control. Glass roof, 35 miles per gallon urban & 39 miles motorway/highway UK. :)

Trip odometer, oil change indicator, cd changer, comfortable front seats, dash lights.

Color and gas mileage.

The exterior is eye catching with great styling. Great handling and comfortable too.

fuel economy, appearance, AC, CC and power everything even on base model, good for 3 passengers in back (no hump in floor)

System Monitoring Air Conditioning

smooth engine, good steering feel, firm but compliant suspension, build quality, heated leather seats, optional subwoofer

All wheel drive. Safe, solid feeling. Ample room.

The Navigation. Wonderful, responsive steering. Paint finish.

Love the black exterior and tan interior, very classy! Love all the extras. It's a smart car. I can tell it to turn on the a/c, and it will! :) Love the backup camera now that I'm getting used to it, and the Nav is much better than my TomTom. Can't say enough good things about my new car!

Fun to drive, great turning radius, has all the conveniences anyone would want. The designers thought of everything and made the SUV very user friendly. Interior is upscale with comfortable seating. Gas mileage for an SUV is good considering its has AWD. Smart exterior styling and a pleasure to own!

MPG feedback tied to tachometer, interior build quality, dual climate control, tire hidden underneath floor panel, solid acceleration, accurate navigation

Trunk capacity with folding cargo shelf, moon roof, well-designed easy to reach controls

Mileage readout - It has changed my driving habit for better. spacious interior. smooth ride

Tinted glass, inside ergonomics, dash layout, 12 v power in the rear, rear seats that recline, rear doors open about 90 degrees, front and rear window airbags.

leather seats, seat heaters, smooth drive, quiet interior, very attractive exterior.

sun roof and instrument panel

Stereo..finally Honda got it right, XM, cargo shelf makes lots more room, lots of outlets, sunroof, gas range so I know how much longer I can drive

Great stereo system in EXL, Design features

Sleek exterior, alloy wheels, XM radio, comfortable seating, interior storage, spacious interior.

Overall quality and appearance. Moon roof and 6 disc. Dash lighting. Safety stuff. "On rails" handling. 90 degree opening doors, step up entry. All the thoughtful touches. And, HONDA QUALITY!!

Visibility Great driving it in the rain - Stability

White, black side steps, spoiler, roof protector splash guards make a real sporty silhouette handles swell, like interior workmanship also like cd player

Very fast and willing, aux. port, cold a/c, sliding rear bench seat, wood kit, vent visors, and foldable center tray. 

Solid feel, quality of workmanship inside and out. Mileage computer, controls ergonomically placed. Much better air conditioning than RAV4. Fun to drive. More Class for the money. 

Everything

Perfect color green. Highway mpg for a small SUV is excellent - 34 mpg hwy! MP3 player adapter handy and interior is very roomy. Comfortable for short trips. Like that I can keep up with fuel economy via digital gauge.

Driving dynamics are great. Interior design is generally wonderful. Love the safety features. The car is the perfect size. Love the dashboard and controls.

Leather seats, excellent radio, precise steering, responsive and smooth brakes

Cargo shelf, dual air controls, very comfortable seats, folding side mirrors, acceleration, smoothness, IPod port, Satellite radio, ample cargo space. Cup Holders!!! This is my first vehicle with cup holders! 

Everything including 6 speakers with bass boost and moon roof with tilt feature. Very roomy from inside...

Performance, comfort and roominess.

I love the Ipod jack. Gas mileage is great. The Instrument panel looks cool with the Driver's computer. Tons of storage.

Rear window wiper turns on automatically when in reverse and front wipers on. Fuel mileage gauge a plus.

smooth transmission, quiet ride, superb handling, xm radio, alloy wheels, leather, and just an overall "solid" feel when I am driving.

Love having heated seats. And it has the perfect spot for my purse on the floor in front. I like the wide doors, easy to get in and out. I like how easily the back gate lifts, and it has a handle low enough for a short person to grab to close the gate. 

Radio controls on the wheel, daytime headlights, one touch moonroof, ample legroom for my family (I am shortest at 5'9"), the handles to pull down the tailgate, almost everything! 

The smooth drive, comfortable steering, roomy, love the exterior design

 Exterior design, instrument panel and large tires.

Ride height - allows you to see the road well. Fit and Finish is excellent. Body style looks more modern (less boxy) than previous generation. I like the 17" alloys on the EX. Most of the interior looks very good (see suggested improvement for exception). CR-V is much more appealing than the RAV4.

Ipod capability is fun and so is the volume controls on the steering wheel. Gas mileage is better than I thought. We love the cover in the hatch to keep valuables hidden. Going up to the EX model from the LX model gave us a lot of additional features.

Gas mileage, we are averaging between 27 and 29, about double what I was getting in my Expedition. Very comfortable, 3 of us went on a 4 hour road trip and we never got tired.

Gorgeous exterior, interior is so practical, love the blue and white gauges, automatic door locks, radio controls on steering wheel. So much fun to drive!

Leg room, fold back rear seats, sits like an SUV/Car, sunroof

Leather, Dual climate control, capabilities of the instrument cluster, automatic opening/closing sunroof, factory installed radio

Continuous MPG feedback, cruise control, leather upholstery, XM radio and the dash mounted shift knob. Also like the sunroof that can tilt for fresh air and low wind noise. With 8 cup holders (4front, 4 rear) there is plenty of storage room for the coffee/soft drink folks. 

Very good fuel economy, great handling, smooth automatic transition from FWD to AWD in snow and on the steep, gravel driveways around our ranch. Space for a half dozen feed sacks, some 8' boards, and a week's supply of groceries. We don't need the 15 mpg pickup for weekly 65 mile trips to town. 

Steering-wheel mounted controls Large windshield wipers Gas mileage

Leather wrapped steering wheel, auto adjustable driver's seat, auto air, large front floor mats (that snap together!), room for my purse on the floor without taking up front passenger leg room.

Legendary V-TEC reliability, fuel economy, price, lots of utility but nicer looking than Element. Uses 87 Octane - no more premium!

Interior space, tinted windows (although I will tint them more soon). The overall look of the interior is luxury.

the comfort of the power drivers seat

The navigation is great and easy to use (although the system is starting to show it's age compared to the newest aftermarket options). I love the ease of browsing a CD of mp3's. The storage space in the back (even before folding up the seats) is very impressive.



I love both the interior and exterior design, fun to drive and rides fantastic, outstanding safety features and rating, great audio system (XM radio and 6 CD changer), a good amount of storage for small SUV, good MPG (22+, 60/40 city/highway) so far, can't wait for first real road trip.

Roomy interior, stylish looking exterior.

Heated leather, dash layout, space

Nav and controls for radio on steering wheel. Color: (tango red). Love the way the "boot"/ cargo area has been re- designed. Can hide lap top-shopping bags or luggage. Like having a trunk.

Gorgeous sleek design, soft blue lighted instrument panel, heated seats, 6 CD changer, roomy back seat area. I just love looking at my gorgeous blue car!

Great gas mileage for size, good size family / outdoor vehicle, good performance (handling is nimble and quick), nice style, pretty good cd and mp3 music quality for base model, radio sound quality is only ok. 

Shifter on dash, comfortable seats, roomy interior, fantastic paint job, nice ride, comfy back seat, great cargo area, fun to drive, in-dash 6 cd changer, great sound system, safety features.

Sliding back seats, mp3 plug-in, 

I just love the 6-CD player and the xm radio. Did I mention the heated seats? I'm still learning the bells and whistles. This has a little engine that can really go.

Safety, ride, handling, reliability and design.

moon roof, flip fold rear seats, reclining rear seats, interior space (front & rear), exterior styling, ride comfort, & ground clearance

Radio control on steering wheel, moon roof, blue light on dash, styling, metal flake paint job, 6cd changer. I love the rear taillights. That was the clincher for me.

Interior fit and finish; comfortable, heated seats; convenient controls; interior space; and I even like the rear shelf for two levels of storage. 

gauge cluster layout and lighting, trunk divider, fuel economy

heated seats, interior/exterior design, legroom, quiet ride

Price, safety, conversation mirror, handling, tire monitor, fuel efficiency, cargo space, handling

Love the new body style, mp3 jack and safety ratings. 

Moonroof, interior quality, storage, comfort, mph range, safety and security features, and the red is gorgeous!

Comfortable seats, lots of room and a real kick to drive. Has a more car- like ride and yet a firm, sporty feel. Very tight and good quality build.

Back up camera, electronic driver's seat, Navigation. That the rear seats fold forward for more storage. The sunglass holder/mirror. 

mp3 jack, dashboard layout, interior roominess, moonroof, privacy glass, and smooth ride.

Airy, comfortable interior. Decent radio. Good storage space. Nice ride and pretty quiet overall. Backseat roomy and nicely adjustable. Seats non-tiring. Overall size is just right. Chose this over the Rogue for most of these reasons even though Rogue drove better and had more std features.

Exterior and interior design. Performance and gas mileage great. Sound system really strong. Really good HVAC system.

Overall good quality, ergonomics great! Steering wheel controls and dash data displays.

Build quality, visibility, turning radius,fuel economy so far is great at 24 mpg city/highway combined

fuel econ/ performance 

1. MPG meter (although would prefer actual numbers to bar) including average per trip. 2. Miles to go on gas remaining - great feature 3. Aux port for iPod - and great stereo sound 4. Interior - not cheap, sophisticated look. 5. Comfort - smooth ride, comfortable seat. 

Color (glacier blue), comfort and roominess.

Navigation, digital display in dashboard, openness between two front seats, reclining rear seats, and dual cargo shelf.

Fuel economy, location of controls. Visibility.

It handles well.

Like the steering wheel mounted radio and Cruise controls, 6 disc cd player, hidden spare tire, rear door configuration, 17" wheels. The gas mileage has been good for this type of vehicle. Styling grows on you. Curved rear Glass can give stubby appearance initially. Anticipated Honda reliability.

Leather Seats (very comfy), Nav system with stereo, arm rests, dash design, quality of materials, ride/handling. 

Navigation, heated seats, back-up camera (after I got used to it), MP3 player, xm stereo, trunk shelf, quiet cabin, reclining back seats, fold up back seats, heated mirrors. Fun to drive and plenty of room. AWD is great - gets me in and out of snowy parking spaces with no problems.

Range Indicator,6 CD changer, blue dash and accent lighting, comfortable seating

Radio controls on steering wheel, conversation mirror MPG, fun to drive.

The folding center console, and the adjustable rear seats .

The heated leather seats are really nice when it'd cold out.

Lots of room and great style also the display that tells you when and what to service. A great SUV!

Very roomy, my sunroof, the way it handles, comfortable

Good storage, plenty of power ports and a nice sounding stereo system. Being a 'gadget junkie' I like the mileage display on the dash. No external spare tire makes it look less 'truckish.'

Sound system & satellite radio. Fun to driveI don't have to step up but higher then a car for good view. Good console, plenty of storage, like the cargo shelf, & heated leather seats. Rear door is just the right weight; I can grab it in a hurry and not break a nail or get wet when loading bags.

Interior design and quality of materials. Cargo space. Gauge lights. Sunroof.

Dashboard design, cargo space, Honda's reliability

Comfortable leather seats. Overall driver feel.

Power drivers seat, heated seats and mirrors, exterior style, backseat adjustability, MP3 input jack, navigation, AWD.

The Back-up camera is great, space is pretty accurate when shown on screen. The Nav has been easy to use so far, and the ride is quite and comfortable. So far no real pick up issues on the highway. The CD changer in the center console and the shift being on the front panel takes getting used to.



Car-like handling, the AWD is excellent in snow, back is spacious with the seats folded up, the blue lighting on the console. The refined Honda quality and attention to detail honestly can't be beat. I will never go back to Ford or GM.

Style, inside console, a lot of room, moon roof that is standard

Navigation and the leather seats, how could I not have had them in the past?

The sunroof, 6 disc changer, dash layout. vehicle system monitor.

Good on gas, lots of room, cute, reliable, easy to drive, easy to park.

I am impressed with the build, quality materials and the attention to detail during the building process for this vehicle. It is smooth, fun to drive and it will surprise most since it is only a 4 cylinder. Even closing the door gives off a sound that lets you know that it is built well.

6 CD MP3/WMA radio, Blue lights in interior, It's HONDA.



Heated leather, XM, Sunroof, body style, reliability.

Arm Rests. Super comfy seats. Great cargo area. Get the cargo mat its great too.

Air bags all around. AWD and ABS for snow and ice is key. Cruise control is easy to understand and use. Love the displays - easy to follow and shows current mpg and average mpg. Big driver's side wiper works great, even with snow and slush. Price is fair; friend got Volvo SUV and we got two CRVs. 

Plug in for the ipod and hidden compartments. Glad the tire is off the back end.

Looks and prestige

Driver seat adjustment mechanism. GPS. Stability with strong winds. Improved with driving on wet roads. Seat warmers. Extra storage on dash. Turning radius.

Good fuel economy, friendly center stack, easy to use HVAC and radio controls, nice handling, many safety features, peace of mind from solid reputation of reliability. A very solid vehicle at a good price. 

Hatch-back; stability in the snow!

All the safety features. I was looking into more premium cars like Saab and Volvos for safety but after learning that the CRV share all these features at a lower price decided to save some money. The CRV feels like a premium car anyways. Nice stereo, AC, seats, NVH.

Overall design design, gear shifting, electronic console, hidden spare tire! 

Exceptional handling and stability (apparently due to its ACE body and well engineered suspensions). Stylish interior as well as exterior. Elevated rear passenger seats are very comfortable (especially during long drives). Dashboard - digital fuel and realtime mpg indicator.

I love the sunroof along with the 6 CD changer (also standard). Also, audio system controls are on the steering wheel which makes it a breeze to adjust the audio while never taking you eyes off the road.

Look and overall size, more room than you think. Leather option in the EX-L wraps the gear shift and steering wheel in high quality leather offering a great feel. Driving dynamics are great for a SUV - car feels sure footed and is easy to handle in all situations. Sound system is great.

Lots of interior room

All the standard safety features.

Gas mileage, it really does get 24- 26mpg around city here in Florida. HWY MPG, I been able to get over 30-MPG average easy. Very roomy inside, quiet ride which is nice, and 5 star saftey rating, what's not to like! 

Style, style and style! Very manueverable,tracks well. Visibility, seat comfort, instrumentation, rear seat leg room, dash lighting,

Daylight running lights, courtesy light,dashboard lights and design, fold down tray in the center with the cupholders, tray in cargo area, reclining rear seats, 6 disc changer, sunroof! 

The interior and exterior design, and the as needed 4WD.

Presumed good reliability. Ergonomics. Smooth-running engine with good low-mid range powers. Light and fast steering with reasonable feedbacks. Conversation mirrors, back-up sensors, fold-down center tray, light and easy to use lift gate, large and flat cargo bay, exterior styling.

Gas mileage...wonderful on highway and gives about a 400-425 mile range. Vehicle system monitor. Upper glove box. Three DC power plugs. Wide opening doors (all 4). "Knobology" of the cabin. Comfortable seating.

Gas mileage is good and it handles well.

NAV unit; voice activation with touch screen. Don't believe some reviews about lack of power with the engine; when the IVTEC kicks in you scoot. Alpine sound system is awesome (270 watts, 7 speakers including subwoofer).

Supportive seats, heated seats, nimble handling, XM radio (but everyone has that now). MPG indicator is nice but is only visible with a trip indicator, not just the odometer. 

Flat floor pass-through between driver and passenger seats; Navigation system; rear camera; dual climate control; XM radio; brakes

The roomy interior. It feels like a bigger car than it is. The gas mileage! The great field of vision. The safety ratings! Easy to get in and out. 

Instrument panel with oil life display. MPG display. Steering wheel controls. 

Dash layout, cargo space, and handling.

Blue accent light, auto locking doors, and the smooth ride. Good gas mileage.

No weaknesses

We love the complete package. It is a roomy and comfortable vehicle. It is a lot of luxury for a very modest price.

Navigation, leather interior, position of all controls, gas milage management, maintenence minder.

Style, comfort, feel of steering wheel (I actually like it), sound quality, and above all... amazingly fun to drive.

Smooth and quite engine. Perfect size SUV for around town. Predicted reliability.

Good mileage - I get 23 mpg on average (I drive both in the city and on highways). Rear seats fold down in a way that maximizes the cargo space. Being a tall man with fairly long legs, I find Cr-v to be spacious. Design is great - very clean and contemporary. Driving cr-v is a lot of fun

My favorite features include the six disc CD changer, which plays MP3 and WMA encoded discs. I have four WMA discs in the changer which includes about 80 full CD's, and they sound great. Other favorites include auto door locking, auto wiper speed adjust, average and instant MPG, and miles to empty.

I like the dashboard lights. It has some blue, white and green lights. Not for everyone I guess. Test drive at night. XM radio. Build quality although the cargo cover rattles. Haven't figured where yet. Supposed to have high resale value.

Sunroof, tilt/telescopic steering, instrument display, stereo (6 disc cd changer that plays mp3 discs is nice), fuel economy is great - I am averaging 30 on the highway and 25-26 in town! 

Build quality, design (yes, every year cars do get better), brakes, handling and economy.

Looks, lots of compliments. I weigh 240, my son weighs 300 pounds and my little petite wife all fit in the CRV with room to spare. Good storage. Good music system. 34 miles to the gallon on the trip back from Orangeburg. 

Heated leather seats are great. Six disc changer, MP3 player, satellite Radio. Dual climate controls. I-VTEC engine will blow your socks off. Lots of safety with all of the airbags. Comfortable seat belts.

My favorite features are the sporty look, the handling, various inside accessories, but especially the fold down console.

There are no blind spots when driving, like the way the drive train handles , engine is very good, quiet. Sound system is good for this type of SUV . 

The overall design, the quality of the finish (really like the Japan built models), the color (got the Glacier Blue).

The seats are comfortable and I like how the back seats slide forward or backward for larger, or smaller people. The drive train is very impressive also! 

Allows internal access to rear without exiting. Fuel/ trip monitor to maximize MPG efficiency. Spacious and low clearance to lift heavy items into the car. Cruise control on steering wheel, wider tires to improve handling. Top rated safety features as standard equipments. Reliable and less costly.



Handling is sporty. Very comfortable including seats (firm but support is good over a longer trip). Was a good value compared to competition. Quiet if road isn't rough. Versatile for active lifestyle. Flat floors. Visibility is good. Sunroof works well (no buffeting). Many small thoughtful touches.

Excellent handling, great gas mileage, and lots and lots of room for golf clubs, luggage, and 5 people. 

Good MPG, adjustable rear seat, spacious, comfortable, well-equipped, plastic cladding to protect from rock chips, adept transmission, build quality evident.

Nice seat adjustments. Compact yet good cargo space with fold down seats. 



Leather, heated seats. Shelf in back cargo. AWD works seamlessly. Tight turning radius. 

Gas Mileage; interior space; exterior design; a lot of standard features in the basic model



Fuel economy on regular unleaded gas, fold-down seats and overall cargo capacity/versatility, Honda reputation for reliability.

It's hard to pick just one. The touch screen navigation is awesome.

I love the look of the CRV. Fun and easy to drive. For the money, it is a great ride. 

Good idea for a vehicle. Great engineering for smooth roads. Heaven help if the pavement isn't perfect.

Navigation system, fuel economy and roominess.

Cornering ability is amazing. Gas mileage is excellent. The vehicle is solidly built. Predicted reliability is excellent.

The mirror to see the backseat, the computer system that monitors your oil life, the backseat that can flip forward (this makes it easy to clean under the seat!), lots of cup holders (8)! I just love my Honda, and will now only buy Honda! 

I love my Itouch and I like the fact that I can have my music go through the car stereo system. I really like the mud tray that you can purchase for the trunk. Keeps everything clean. 

Nav system, you can change the colors of the screen. Stereo, comfort, gas miles. LOOKS!

Integrated nav, agility & handling. Interior design is nice. 

Easy-to-reach CD player, Cruise control, foldable center console for both front and back seats, plenty of trunk space.

High seating position, supportive, comfortable seats and great visibility. Accurate and responsive steering and handling. General ease of use. Quick-responding and effective heating. Surprisingly good off-road.

I like the way it looks inside and out. Interior lights up nicely at night.

The paint job is outstanding. I like the looks of the vehicle and the carlike ride. 

The gauges and trip odometers are nice to use to track your mileage for trips. Compared to the Rav4, the dash seemed to be a big improvement. The multiple glove boxes are a nice way to keep organized. The transmission is smooth with no noticeable jerkiness during shifting. The mileage is great.

The rear seat backs are high enough for good support unlike some small SUVs. Rear flat floor is great for the middle rear passenger. Cruising at 60 mph and the engine hums at just 1860 rpm, at 75 mph its barely above 2000 rpm. It's comfortable to cruise long distance. Everything very well put together.

Great ride for a small SUV. Excellent interior and exterior construction quality. I am loving the built in XM radio. Can't think of much of anything that is NOT a favorite feature.

The nav is easy to use. I love the adjustable rear seating. Everyone comments on how much room they have in the back seat. I love the two tier cargo area. It handles very well as well.

Love the Vehicle assist, safety features, XM, navigation fun to use and of course the ride and fuel savings

Gas mileage, heated seats, great stereo, the lit up dash board and very roomy!

There's a flip up tray btwn. the front seats with two drink holders and two, smaller shallow trays. I use this ALL the time! And, a pull out drink holder under the radio and flip down drink holders in back passenger. Plus, there is a recessed dash on the passenger's side for storage. 

Excellent fit and finish. Well laid-out interior. Comfortable seats. Smooth 5-speed auto trans. Quiet cabin.

 The ride and the seat comfort and the front seat room as well as the material used are terrific. Also like the auto air.

Easy handling, good gas mileage, spacious feel, fun to drive.

Interior, seat warmers :) controls on steering wheel

Bluetooth #1, Navigation, moonroof, heated seats, heated outer mirrors, dual climate control - rubber floor mat in the back - easy to clean. Configuration of the back seats is awesome. Love the power driver's seat and love the reclining rear seats. My dad drove it and is going tomorrow to get his

Back-up camera, Nav system, efficient and economical power train, PC-Card audio integration for MP-3, smooth tranny

Heated seats, audio system, blue backlight on control panel, dual zone climate control- all of this comes standard on EX-L. (best price for a small size SUV)

Console display, comfort, drives like a car (great handling!), good gas mileage, plenty of acceleration power for a 4 cyl. and loads of storage room. Materials are sturdy and it just feels solid. Love the moonroof. Doesn't have side roll that many SUVs have; it's steady on turns!

Roominess, comfort, ability to haul things, nice interior layout. Controls are easy and intuitive. 

I can not just name one thing great about our CR-V, great mileage, the look, it's very roomy, great pick up for a 4 cylinder. I would pick the CR-V over the Rav4 Base 4x4.

Digital instrument, Seating Comfort, MPG

Navigation and stereo choices (PC Card, 6 disc changer, MP3 disc, XM and AM/FM), Gas mileage, backup camera (you need it), spare tire under rear instead of hanging on the rear, AWD, gauges look great at night, quiet moonroof, power drivers seat is very comfortable.

Interior design is good

Exterior look, all the little compartments

Seating Comfort Display/Instrument Layout Low Maintenance 

Fuel economy and still able to haul things around.

Height adjuster/drivers seat, reclining rear seats, steering wheel adjustment, so many cup holders, middle island, 

All around great car 

Audio/Navigation systems. Seating comfort, head room, leg room, pick-up, ride, and handling 

The Nav system, MP3 jack, heated leather seats (very nice for these Colorado winters), and the layout of the dash is very intuitive. 

Leather, Navigation, Heated Seats, and of course, Honda's reputation for reliability. This care will go 200k without even breaking a sweat. Good thing too, since we owned our last Honda for 10 years. In that 10 years, no problem whatsoever. You can never go wrong purchasing a Honda.

It's fun to drive and you could see well while you are driving, there are few blind spots

Driver seat with 6-way movement and with seat heaters.

Seating, roominess, in dash Nav backup camera, stereo, visibility from the cockpit and dash layout.

Great handling for an SUV, nice stereo, voice controls.

The spare tire is inside the car instead of on the outside. Like the gauges and MPG display

Glacier Blue color, gray interior leather, comfortable interior

Lots of room for a small suv great ride quality

The aux jack and the rear shelf, the rest is a typical of all others in category. 

steering wheel mounted controls for radio and cruise control 

Mileage, comfortable ride, great interior, leather, moonroof, 270 W stereo, and my favorite, the cargo shelf!

The ride is very good - not much tire or wind noise; the craftsmanship; the cubbies; the vast open space in front and back; the stereo is not bad either. Very good A/C ( better than competitors) but could use rear vents on super hot days.

Utility, gas savings, appearance, fun to drive, reliability, cost to own and operate.

Spacious!

Moonroof, Stereo system, XM Radio, MPG metering, Distance metering, display console in general, leather interior, tailgate, cargo storage w/divider, Honda expected reliability.

good air conditioner, seats that fold down easily, the back hatch. lighting of interior gauges after dark, safety features, good radio and CD, great gas mileage, stylish body, moon roof

Dual zone climate control, lumbar support driver seat, handling, rear storage shelf

Economy meter. With gas prices so high, I can monitor my driving. We also love the Radio (XM). Love sitting up high in complete control. Avg MPG so far: 27.1

I love the Navigation and voice command features. I also really appreciate the option that calculate your average mpg and the miles you can drive based on the amount of gas you have left - those are invaluable features and kudos to Honda for putting them in!

Gas per mileage feature. It makes you a better driver.

