

Love the ride and handling. Gas mileage could be better. Had to take the color that was on the lot but no big deal.

my favorite features are the radio and knowing what ever happens I have onstar at a touch

Front end styling versus Chev, gas mileage, handling, ride, low noise at speed. Just plain comfortable. 

body style is a beautifull design

Comfortable ride.

rides great for truck -gas mileage very good on highway for truck- good looking - anti skid works better than toyota good deal money wise

I looks so good

Went with GMC over Chevy as it looked nicer overall style wise.

The ability to save so many channels on your radio, and see which channel you are selecting. Also great feeling steering wheel leather.

locking rear end

XM and OnStar. As weird as this sounds, truck has vinyl flooring which I love! Lot easier to clean than carpet. Also love that Candy Apple Red color!

Appearance, factory 20" tires.

Cabin comfort, tires, ez lift tailgate, sound system, power and ride. Towing - Don't even feel the boat back there. Great off road in mud thanks to tires and locking differential. 

Price, folding rear seat, headlights, new body style, and interior storage

The 5.3 engine is very powerful. The limited slip differential is a must have for my application. The interior is huge and everything on the instrument panel is well though out. I really like the XM radio too.

Roominess, decent fuel economy, maintenance tire pressure monitored thru e-mail 

The highway ride and the way it looks.

XM, OnStar, active fuel management

Love the styling, even better than the Chevy. Excellent power. Comfortable interior.

I love the styling. I got the chrome package and Steel Gray Metallic. The seats are very comfortable. Vynl floor covering. Overall I love this truck. At $17,000 the price was great too.

Sound of the engine. Comfortabe seats.

20 inch wheels really improve the handling, and the sound dampening features are incredible, and the Bose audio simply cannot be beat.

Ride is just right, not too stiff. Cabin is very comfortable, power is spot on.

The ride comfort is incredible. Back up assist works flawlessly. Bose sound system, factory 20" wheels.

Sound system, standard tilt. Paint job sleek, doors solid.

OnStar is nice and all, but I think my favorite "feature" would be the decreased gaps in the bodylines. Especially the gap between the bed and the cab

Stance, style inside & out, power, anemities of the SLE2

The 5.3 power house

The ride is top notch. The overall quality of the vehicle is noticeable from the word go. Gas mileage is very good considering the weight and 4wd. I think my next truck will be a GMC as well if they keep up the great work!

CD player with integrated MP3 player input.

Love the ride, comfortable for long distances, the look (it's cute)it's an eye catcher, my choices in changing the single disc to 6, cloth to leather, and the color, Crismon Metalic, or as I call it Black Cherry

MP3 player 6 disc, rear seperate audio controls for radio and Ipod plug are awesome. Bose premium sound is also very nice. Backup asisst rear drum brakes. The rear disk I had on my 2001 were costly. Automatic mirror collapse button is nice when your wife is trying to put the truck in the garage

The 4.8 liter Vortec. 300 horse, and 22 mpg. And to think I almost got the Colorado with 1/2 the bed size.

Rear extended cab doors open all the way open to the side of the truck and rear windows roll down which is really nice. The All Terrain package I got has 18" chrome wheels that look awesome and many people have commented on them, it also has a chrome grille. Love the XM radio. Four wheel drive!

The remote start makes sure I don't get into a hot vehicle. It also defrosts in the winter. No windshield scraping necessary.

Power, and looks

Sunroof, DVD sytem (kids), backup sensors, folding mirrors, heated mirrors,remote start, but most of all the impressive look, engine growl, and driving feel! A wonderful machine!

Exterior looks, nice wheels, power

I love the remote start. The display for the XM radio is great and easy to read. And the aux pre out in the front of the radio is nice. 

20" wh's, XM, Bold grill & fender "shoulders", adj peddles, rr park assist, stereo ctls on steering wheel, 2 glove boxes, under seat lockable storeage, dashboard guages. Mileage improving too +18 routinely. 3- blink blinker,Tire Press Monitor, garage dr openr programed 1st try! Exh note, DIC &ESC std

The remote start is a most have. The leather seats are really nice and the 170 degree swing of the rear doors is key. Also having rear windows that roll down is nice.

Exterior Looks

The stereo with XM radio built in is great. Great turning radius. Plenty of power and the gas mileage is great! The new rack and pinion steering is a bit touchy, but handles great. You can feel confident when stopping. 

Variable V4/8 cyl, comfortable driving position and seats, low wind and highway noise. (much more comfortable and quieter than my odyssey) XM radio.

Exterior look and solidness, especially over train tracks. I have no rattles at all. The interior is well designed also. I love the back doors that open 170 degrees and the ease that the back seats fold up. I am very satisfied with the engine performance, very smooth running with a lot of pep.

Solidness of overall ride, color, automatic change to 4 wheel drive

403 hp, AWD, interior, heated seats and steering wheel, 403 hp!

Hmmm, the sound system, the transmission, the quality of workmanship, the power, the smoothness and the almost royal chrome finish all around the car.

XM radio, strong powertrain, proven reliability

The comfortable ride is #1. Remote start, solid quiet ride, MPG (Active Fuel Mgt), auto lights, stereo controls, wide stance, roomy comfortable interior. Of course the exterior. I could go on...

Remote start, bose sound system, 403 HP, power folding mirrors with tilt- down, the leather seats are very comfortable, the overall appearance of the truck (hands down the best looking factory truck, turns a lot of heads), heated windshield washer fluid when ice covers your winshield, smooth ride.

The ride, power and comfort all combine for a great ride

Acceleration, OnStar, cell phone, and navigation. Also gas mileage and technology in this truck compared to the new Tundra. 

New dash

6.2L engine, AWD, 20" wheels, autostart is awesome, heated steering wheel and 6spd transmission

Remote start, rear parking assist, heated seats w/ memory, rain sensitive wipers, on board computer interface, remote folding mirrors, Z71 package. Smooth, solid handling in all driving situations, folding rear seating w/ high quality leather amenities, 8 cup holders, 4 power outlets, & so much more!

Really like the OnStar feature (already used it once). The navigation system is really good too. Bose sound system very good for a truck.

10-way heated leather driver/passenger seats, rear parking assist, OnStar, automatic 4x4 mode, command center, MP3 input, rear doors open 170 degrees, adjustable gas pedal, automatic lights, remote start (heats seats), heated washer fluid, smooth ride/powertrain, EZ-lift tailgate, classic good looks



The quality of ride is great. The truck rides and accelerates smoothly, quietly.

Comfort/ ride and low road noise

Gets over 20 mpg on highway with cruise control. Active fuel management, reverse assist, steering wheel mounted controls, heated seat (heat up in about 1 min), remote start

Drivetrain, Autostart, the ride and handling, luxurious interior, build quality, fold up rear seat, remote folding mirrors. This truck comes with so many standard features and safety features. 

The stereo is very nice, Remote start is a most if you park your truck outdoors as I do. Stereo controls on steering wheel. Supple leather seats. Perfect height and great visibility from and to all angles. The ride is smooth, yet it never stops being a truck. Denali grille option. Individual air

Auto-start on a cold morning. Standing at the window coffee cup in hand listening to my baby growl while she warms up!

Remote start from max 200 ft. electronic control folding rear view mirrors. heated seats, 10 position seat control, surround sound. Nav is good but I rarely use it. Backup sensors. safety of a 4X4. Buy one and support a great American product. compare. You get what you pay for.

Factoy Nav, great leather seats, 400+HP, factory car starter, smooth shifting. Bling factor

Very comfortable interior, beautiful exterior, strong power, smooth transmission and muscle car sounding exhaust. 

I like the stereo, and the new interior. The exterior is great and i like what they did with the front end. 

Memory seats and adjustable pedals. Extentensive onboard computer even tells you pressure of each tire.

Engine, ride, navigation, XM radio (standard equipment), looks, fit and finish.

Fit and finish, interior and exterior. Function in rear area is perfect.

