Great fuel economy. 28 mpg on regular or premium! Drive it year round on all-season tires. Better than rear-axle Porsche. Comfortable for us tall guys. Synthetic suede is nice and not as hot as leather in the summer and not as cold in the winter. Seats heat quickly. Brakes are good.

Adaptive headlights, magnetic ride, and DSG. Exterior & interior styling and attention to details are good too.

Magnetic suspension, dual clutch, fit and finish. 

Magnetic ride, engine growl, everything

Gas mileage, power, handling, seats all come to mind but it does have some usable new electronic features that make it an Audi.

Design, interior, engine, quattro, S-tronic, automatic spoiler. It hugs the road and corners like a panther. Engine growl is perfect.

This thing sticks to the pavement like a bubblegum. What is dangerous is that one is tempted to challenge the car, but so far TT is winning all challenges I've made! Ipod interface is great (wish it could recognize the tracks). Love the steering. And of course, the looks!

The new slick headlights.

Striking design gets a lot of attention, the beautiful red color helps that factor. The mileage that we've gotten is very good. Fun to drive fast.

Paddle shifters, Bose sound system, speed of top

I love to see that spoiler pop up. I love the radio and the sound of the engine. It's a car that invites admiration wherever you go. 

Curb appeal and warranty. The Roadster has a huge truck. I was impressed when I looked in it. It also has several nooks and cranny storage compartments around the car. It also come with a bag to tranport your skis inside the car.

I love and never want to miss again the 2-SD slots (that come with the optional GPS). Handling and power, design, body integrity are upper class.

Looks, performance, overall feel

Headlights. Turning. Speed. Sporty look

I like my audio symphony system, which allows me to listen to my iPOD, Sirius, CDs, commercial radio, or use the Bluetooth. The styling is very pleasing to the eye and I can understand the concept of fit and finish after driving this vehicle. Finally, the engine sounds and feels powerful!

Instant power and Quattro's ability to put traction down and keep you going in the direction you point the steering wheel. Retractable rear spoiler allows the cars clean lines to show through. S-Tronic transmission is perfect for the highway, back roads and in the city too. Aluminum hood easy lift.

Bluetooth, performance, paddles and the awesome engine sound. Great cockpit and feels great to drive - gets a lot of looks even when it's parked.

Love the interior and exterior styling! Great to have a sports car that can be driven all year round in any weather. The Ipod interface and the bluetooth phone are fun and different from my previous cars.

Seat warmers are amazing! I love to turn them on after a hard dance or boxing session since it keeps my muscles from getting sore. I also love that it does not hold many people so I am not stuck driving people around. The trunk has A LOT of room when back seats are folded.

Great styling. Love the sport-shift mode. Power is excellent.

The new convertible automatic top, much improved from the unfinished single layered manual convertible top of the previous models. I also love the fact the car has two SD memory slots. I load my mp3s on the memory and use it in my car way better than CDs, IPOD, or Sat. radio.

There is a good sized trunk, and the inside is open and comfortable. Steering feels great, and the car is very smooth at speeds @ and above 100 mph. 

Styling, DSG transmission, magnetic suspension, sound (engine and stereo) and fun to drive

Styling, performance, automatic roof is great, well built.

Ultra-sensual looks with the top down. Brilliant engine/transmission combo (2.0T with DSG). Interior design and build that other luxury manufacturers should emulate. Fairly quiet ride for a ragtop with taut suspension.

Sporty dials at night, with write and red lighting. Incredibly quiet for a soft top convertible. Shifting (using manumatic) is incredible.

DSG is a blast with more shift modes than I ever had b4, RPM blip up is great. Sirius satellite with 6-CD changer and Bose system has really nice sound and features. 18-inch wheels and fat Pirelli tires perform nicely. Baseball stitch seats are very comfy and get a lot of attention. 

iPod port, impressive performance, comfortable steering, flush-mounted spoiler that self-deploys or deploys on demand (makes me feel like a British secret agent).

The exterior and interior design, plenty of room for me at 6'3", great fuel economy, fun to drive (especially in "Sport" mode!), great performance, people always watch when you drve by, handling is awesome too and I love the iPod adapter! The nav system is awesome and I love my 18" wheels!

The looks the car gets as it smoothly zips through 75 MPH and the rear spoiler raises; the feel of being securely hugged by the top-notch leather bucket seats; the precision of the racing steering wheel; the top quality interior; the ultra fast gear shifting and lack of turbo lag.

The satellite radio standard, iPod jack, safety features and much more.

