The styling and power. I love the liftgate and back up camera.

All the space! Being able to watch DVDs on the information screen while docked! The power lift gate is helpful.

Written by: 

Music Box, DVD and the acceleration with traction control.

Strong and responsive powertrain (this thing flat out rolls on demand!), good balance between ride and handling, Bose sound/XM, good overall interior design and comfort, multi function computer has handy features and information.

The info center is nice and the room for eight with three kids is great.

The information center, the room that it has and towing cap. 9100 lbs. 

The soundproof interior, the leg room and the automatic rear hatch. The second seat leg room and Bose stereo is awesome.

Room, interior design, Bluetooth/nav/MusicBox, captains chairs, exterior look, power third row seat

Rear camera great for hooking up the boat trailer. Love the power lift gate and auto sensors. Amazing towing capacity and power. Towed our boat (a 6,000 lb Wellcraft cabin cruiser) 300 miles and couldn't even tell it was behind us.

Keyless starting, auto lifting rear lift gate, 3 zone climate control, Bose stereo w/satellite, power, power, power. Roomy and comfortable and for an SUV very tight turning radius. Fit and finish, perfect. DVD entertainment system.

Exterior and ride

Music Box and Bluetooth! Space is great too.

The harddrive, where the navigate maps are stored as well as music from CDs. VDC makes it a safer vehicle, keyless entry, E85 fuel option.

Towing, interior space, ride quality, exterior appearance, cargo capacity, backing sonar, 2008 radio display, the list goes on.

Exterior body style, 20 in rims & tires, DVD, nav, 2nd row leg room & captains chairs.

9 gig music memory! I put in a cd and it records it in a folder for future use without the hassle of having tons of cd in your truck. Bluetooth is awesome!

Back up camera, front/rear sonar.

DVD, back up camera/ sonar, Intellikey system, power third row seat. 

Three zoned climate control, park distance sensors front and rear, rear park camera, power rear gate, Bose audio with XM, multi function display screen - overall interior design is really good!

V8 engine, comfortable ride, 7" LCD monitor, rear camera, rear seat leg room, and auto rear lift gate.

DVD player, cargo size, third row seat roominess, automatic rear tailgate, leather seats, computer display, xm radio, front and rear sonar, back-up camera.

Ride, room, comfort, power, and fit and finish. Comes nicely equipped standard.

Interior quality and look&feel, leveling rear suspension, nav/music box.

Music Box and Bluetooth. Nav system much better than Dodge's.

Front and back sonar. Backup camera. Auto lifting gate. System console. 3rd row seating. Front passenger seat folds to place laptop on and work. 

Powertrain, reverse sensors, automatic climate control. It's so quiet and smooth on the road, you'll love it!

Navigation and voice command

Power lift gate, rear sensors and camera. Stereo is great. 

Heated steering wheel

Style, comfort, power, sit up high, smooth ride.

Rear camera (very helpful when parking!), Sirius XM radio, rear legroom space, overall comfort and stability.

The navigation, I hate being lost!

Legroom and comfort. DVD player, navigation, voice control, bluetooth technology, fold in mirrors for pulling into/out of the garage, intelligent key.

2nd row legroom, fantastic nav/voice system, bluetooth. Keyless entry, rear view camera with front and rear parking sensors.

Definitely the roomy interior. Also, I love the exterior design as it looks big and rugged but also classy. 

My favorite features are the navigation system, dvd, bluetooth, automatic rear liftgate, and intelligent key.

Air ride suspension. Intelligent key. V8 power. Fit and finish is great. Very comfortable seating.

Hands down the voice command, satellite radio and the 9gig hardrive to store music. The technology package is worth every penny. I highly recommend it.

Touch panel, rear view camera, front sensors, power hatch and third row seats, nav system the extra wideness of the inside and the amount of room for passengers and cargo.

