

Keyless entry, stereo system, comfortable seats.

Good technology for the cheapest Lexus. I like the push button start & instrument cluster illumination. Stock stereo is good but made up for by using 13 speakers.

The beauty of the car. Absolute reliability (so far). Prestige, Fantastic mpg (30.6 overall, for me). Digital mileage display(s). The 'split 5-spoke' wheels are the least tacky of any currently being sold. Being pampered at the dealership. I'm hooked on the VIP treatment.

Great stereo system, keyless entry, sporty wheels and dual temp control.

Keyless entry sound system sport shift, paddle shifters 

The paddle shifters. Rev up the RPM and you have a little spit fire on your hands.

Everything! Mainly the rear camera and good sound system, cooled and heated seats, Key-less entry, lovely and easy to read instruments. I need spectacles to read, but can read all instruments on this car without any spectacles, day or night. With small updates this can be the best ever car.

Nav system, backup camera, keyless entry

Navigation with maps, calendars, phone set up-hands free, voice recognition. Keyless entry. Sporty look. Cooling seating feature.

Smooth revving engine matched perfectly to the 6 speed manual gearbox. Excellent fit and finish with many standard options.

AWD; keyless operation; dash display.

Keyless entry, Bluetooth, navi (sort of), back up camera, AC seats, bargain power. 

Favorite feature has to be the speed light. You can set it at any speed and when you pass that speed, the light comes on, to signal you to slow down. The IS 250 has everything that i like.

Suggested Improvements

The navigation system, looks, paddle shifting, interior.

Comfortable seats, sporty look, you get a lot of bells and whistles for your money, pretty good gas mileage.

Keyless entry, well designed interior, white interior lights, comfortable cabin.

4WD, exterior and interior finishing, comfort and quietness.

Touch navi, rear camera, ventilate seats, bluetooth phone (CA law).

Navigation package and the blue tooth is great.

Everything! 

I love Lexus and they haven't let me down with this one! I really love every feature although do agree with the general consensus with the navigation and the small back seat, but I'm not sitting in the back seat so I really don't care too much about that.

Huge departure for me. Have owned 13 other GM cars. May never go back after this purchase. This vehicle has made driving fun all over again. I can't wait to get in and ride every day. The blend of luxury and performance bring a smile to my face. The Japanese car makers GET IT.

Navigation,blue tooth, interior/exterior design, AC seats, Keyless start

Nav system, premium audio, keyless entry, vented seats.

Keyless entry - just touch the door handle and you're in, power switch, gear position indicator, the light color of the speedos, the sound system, aux standard, how the lights come on when you get near the car, if it's locked (almost like it senses you).

Keyless start/ entry, sound system, paddle shifters, build quality.

X-Package. The car holds the road really well. The modified suspension provides next to no body roll while still offering a nice "Lexus" ride. Definitely a difference when compared with the regular suspension.

Seats, navigation, trunk space.

Keyless start, a/c seats

Ventilated seats, leather standard, and keyless entry

Practically, the touch screen for all the essential controls (air con, sound, GPS, telephone, rear camera) is so easy to use. The BMW, Audi and Mercedes have far less user friendly, non touch, user interfaces. The IS250 is a little pocket rocket of technology, I love adaptive cruise control!

Vented seats! No more sticking to the leather. Nav w/ bluetooth. Overall handling. ASL... really makes a difference in visibility! Exterior lines and design make this sporty and mean. Interior is great combo of sporty feel with luxurious Lexus quality. Display panel is sweet! Lighting really pops.

Cooled seats,back up camera,great fuel economy, integrated XM, paddle shifters.

Everything

Sport Package Wheels and suspension. Stereo is very strong. Push button start and keyless entry. Interior and exterior appearance is much better than competitors. Love the ambient cabin lighting / puddle lights. Options are fantastic.

Comfortable interior, Bluetooth, map display from navigation screen, automatic wipers, seat memory, outside self-dimming mirrors.

Keyless entry/start is not just a cool feature, very handy when your hands are full. Love the luxurious interior and leather seats. Exterior design gets a lot more looks than I ever dreamed. Great engineering decisions on power/gas mileage.

Ventilated seats, Bluetooth, xm radio, paddle shifting, steering wheel controls, visibility is fine, you have windows all around. 

Navigation, bluetooth, navigation, gas mileage, air conditioned seats - the best feature ever, handling on city streets and freeway. Everything about this car has exceeded any and all expectations that I had. This car deserves an A++++ in all categories!

AC ventilated seats, keyless entry/start up, and good looks!

 The car itself is gorgeous and a head turner.

Cooled seats, gas mileage (getting 30.8 according to onboard computer (mostly highway) ), stunning looks, the revving gauges at startup

Heated seats, automatic lights, looks great, Handling is a dream, smooth ride.

Nav with bluetooth, proximity key

cooled/heated seats, good factory sound system, sharp turning radius for u-turns, excellent handling, responsive acceleration and great fuel economy. 

Push button start, HID with auto level, exterior styling.



Great exterior, keyless entry/start button



I like the bluetooth - however some friends complain of weird noises when I talk to them using this option. The navagation is nice, I would have preferred that the voice commands came out of all speakers not just the driver's side and it would be nice if the music automatically turned low.

Leather seats, radio, smart key, sunroof, AWD.



The handling features, AWD, tight cornering in bad weather a dream. Xenon with AFS, start/stop button, unique design compared to other sports sedans, love color Starfire Pearl. Fully loaded, love dial switch moonroofs, hate holding my finger on older buttons.

Leather seats, sunroof, nice radio, smart key, push button start.

Hard to say. The car has so many great little features. Overall, I'd have to say the smooth and quiet ride, coupled with a genuine small-sports- car feel in maneuvering. The car just has everything going for it.

Smooth ride, quick speed, extremely comfortable, beautiful exterior, easy navigation system, amazing first impression, very well equipped base model.

Navigation, Bluetooth, looks, feel, and ergo friendly controls. 

Push button start, keyless entry, navigation, dual a/c, handling.

Just a hot-looking car overall and fun to drive. Keyless entry eliminates shuffling through one's bag for their keys. Push-start is also a nice feature. Respectable factory sound system makes my iPod purr.

Tight, responsive handling. High quality and simple interior details. Love the AWD (live in the northeast). The smooth and almost silent drive. Passenger and driver power seats that move back and give you great leg room in the front. Get the navi and rear view cam if you can afford it, worth it. 

6-CD changer, push button start/stop, LED interior & exterior lighting.

The rear spoiler, push start and keyless entry!

Base model is well equiped. Smart key unlock and smart key start. 

Handling, AWD traction, quietness, keyless drive.

Dual A/C, speakers, safety, comfort



Nav, htd/ventilated leather seats, handling, keyless entry/start button.

I like how you can buy XM or Sirius and you don't have to buy a whole package to get it. Many other car companies only offer satellite in a whole package. I also like the way the base model is very well equipped. I love the smart key, the way the stereo sounds & automatic headlights! 

Sports car, but still luxury. Smooth ride, very quiet inside. Great exterior look too.

The suspension and handling is phenominal! The interior is ultra-sleek and still sporty.

All!

