DSG is a complete winner. Great seats. Rain Sensing wipers. Automatic climate control with DUAL button so you can only adjust one set of controls if you want. Oversize brakes. All wheel drive provides much better balance and cornering than the comparable GTI.

AWD, DSG, Lanch Control.

Great Exhaust note, good power, comfortable ride. I have had VW buffs to a guy in a MB 350 AMG come up to me and tell me how they love this car. The Haldex AWD is amazing in the New England winter. My other car is a 08 335i with a sports package and I drive this car more!

Yes the exhaust note is a good as you keep hearing about! Exclutivity. Good MPG considering 250hp & AWD. DSG is golden.

"Under the cops radar" styling, steering wheel shape and feel, exhaust note.

3.2 VR6, DSG transmission (best of both worlds), exterior/interior styling, grip in the corners, all weather capabilities, pick up, incredible sport seats, useful cargo area, GREAT exhaust note

semi sleeper looks, comfortable interior, all wheel drive handling, exhaust note, DSG, BiXenon HID Headlights

Acceleration, handling, seats, driving position

Interior

Exhaust note, DSG, 4 wheel drive, turns heads!

Love the Sounds that Purr and Roar from the Exhaust. The DSG is awesome!!! The Back seats are extremely comfortable. I'm 6'1" and 265 pounds and had no problem during a 200+ mile ride in the rear.

The sport mode DSG tranny is by far the most versatile and responsive I have ever tried. Guttural exhaust reminiscent of the old muscle cars non boring interior styling as opposed to a stuffy look 

Build quality, comfort, handling, exhaust sound.

I surprisingly appreciate the DSG transmission.

Blue paint, sound system, the security of having all the safety features, handling, DSG, firm seats, ease of driving, VR rated tires and 18" wheels, the fit and finish and the fact it's a VW.

The seats are very supportive, engine sounds like it wants to be your friend, not afraid to speak up. The handling fits in that "go cart" area, the DSG is unbelievable. Everyone knows this car is based on the Rabbit, but that's like comparing an Audi A4 with and Audi S4, there is none!!!!

All wheel drive

It's stylish without going overboard. All the creature comforts.

Comfort and sound system. Although, I do agree with the comments about the rattling on the driver side door when the bass is turned up. The exhaust system has a nice deep sound.

The exhaust note...the deep hum and raspy sound at throttle screams softly into one's ears.

DSG, DSG, DSG European ride and interior style. Great exhaust note. Awesome highway acceleration. Hatchback practicality. Stealth appearance (I don?t look like a middle aged man in mid-life crisis like I did with my STI) 

Upscale feel to the interior, roominess, AWD, safety technology, that sexy exhaust note, exclusivity and stealthiness.

Great looking interior.

Transmission. AWD. Interior.

I like the ipod aux. input in the center console. I also like the build quality and tightness.

Finally automatic lights and wipers. Driving across the turnpike in a rainstorm with temps nearing freezing, there was no need to adjust the wipers as weather changed. Sport mode on the tranny is pure fun. The lights are a great improvement over the 04. The steering wheel audio controls are great.

MP3 capable 6 cd changer in the dash allows you to load up more than 50 albums. The outstanding bi-Xenon headlights. The versatility of a hatchback. The outstanding leather seats with great heat. The sounds from the engine are some of the best in the world. DSG launch control. Great re-sale value.

Exhaust, DSG, power curve/delivery

AWD is incredibly sharp compared to the Jetta's FWD. 3.2L engine gets the car going fast effortlessly, without screaming like the 1.8T did. The car is beautiful (got the blue). Xenon headlights are sophisticated and amazing. DSG in D (auto) mode is actually quite good.

Fast enough to surprise everyone!! Discrete, good for professional life, you will be taken seriously. Very unique car!!

Amazing power. Smooth fast transmission. Totally supportive seats with power four-way back bolster. Nice sound system. Sunroof with a real sliding shade, not mesh. Great cargo capacity with seats down. Simple clean interior. Cruise control with minimal buttons. Simply a great package!

Interior ergonomics is very simple/straightforward, DSG is better than ever, VR6 meaty growl, sporty brakes, Deep Blue Pearl finish, centered twin-exhaust, etc.

3.2+DSG is a great combination, works a lot smoother in slow traffic compared to 2.0t. Great sounding engine and muffler. It roars! 

Exhaust sound, limited option selections (practically sold as loaded), handling (can turn on a dime and great accident avoidance), white and blue illumination for the gauges.

Exhaust, all-wheel drive. Did I say exhaust?

Steering accuracy and feedback. Engine smoothness. Transmission. Muscular looks without a bunch of warmed over skirt plastic.

Exclusive Deep Blue Pearl paint with matching brake calipers, white/blue illuminating gauges, very happy with audio and A/C controls - very straight forward, the sweet sound (music to my ears) of that VR6, great handling, DSG, limited run.

The DSG is the best. Lots of nice little details in the feature department. Great blue/white/red dash lighting. Very nice steering wheel. Nice linear power. Great sound. Did I mention the awesome tranny, who needs a clutch pedal.

Speed, speed, speed, launch control awesome.

VR6 motor, DSG transmission, HID headlights, growl of the motor!

