Distinctive styling, great interior, double size sun roof, a super all wheel drive set up, smooth direct injection engine that runs on regular, super transmission, great handling and braking, a real joy to own and drive! All of this, at a very competitive price, makes the new CTS a fantastic value!

Bold styling, Quality interior & Engine sound



Headlights and interior

Design (in and out), silent interior, quiet engine until you open it up!

Powerful engine. Nice interior. Very smooth ride. 

The audio/nav system with real time traffic.

Interior design, navigation system, stereo, handling, HID's, heated/cooled seats, keyless entry, and various other "high-tech" features. 

The interior and exterior look good. Articulating headlights and headlight washers.

Appearance

Suspension, steering, ride, handling, interior quality and ambiance are all world-class. Exterior has great "presence" on the road. Excellent navigation and superb sound system.

The aroma of the leather in this Cadillac is intoxicating. I find myself sitting in the car just to breathe it in, and to listen to the incredible Bose surround system. This is by far the best factory system that I have ever heard. Listen and smell for yourself, you won't be disappointed.

OnStar, XM radio, Adaptive front lighting, Ultraview sunroof, ambient interior lighting, 304 HP DI Engine, Bose sound system. And most of all the Blue Sunset color.

The seats in this car fit my lower back perfectly. Previously owned a Mercedes "C" class and could not find a comfortable driving position for 3 years. Glad to be in Cadillac!

Outstanding design and workmanship. Firm and sporty ride but not harsh over bumps. I was pleasantly pleased with the ease of access to the rear seat and the leg room.

304 HP DI Engine, HDD Navigation, Heated and cooled seats, 40gig HD, Adaptive front lighting, Ultraview sunroof, ambient interior lighting, Pause and Play feature.

The navigation and 10 speaker Bose sound system are great. We love the heated and cooled seats along with the remote starting. Also the HID lights are superb! Our biggest issue with the 04 CTS was poor handling in snow but now with AWD the CTS is the perfect luxury/sports car to own! 

By far the suspension combined with the engine - providing the most positive and exciting driving experience. Other than for the prestige need for more HP - this car competes and wins against much more expensive choices.

The CTS is a sharp looking car. Considering the 304 horsepower, it gets good gas mileage. Plus, no need for premium. It's great to get a lot more horsepower than my A4, and still get equivalent mileage.

Exterior still says CTS, but pushes the design forward. Sleek and sexy. Seats much improved. Radio and Bose sound are superb. Love the LED light tubes in the front and rear lamp housings. Double sunroof is slick. My favorite feature is how it drives on SW PA's twisty country roads. 

The tivo radio is a must.Ii love it! Air conditioned seats are on par with BMW. The huge glass moonroof is a huge hit with passengers as well as the ambient lighting system and pop up dvd nav. Awesome wow factor and gives you instant conversation with clients or dates. Keyless system is a must!

Exterior styling, handling, performance, suspension, interior comfort and styling, and the Bose sound system.

Keyless entry and huge range of keyfob remote start system, which in Texas allows the car to cool down including the a/c seats!

NAV, XM Traffic, hard drive, double sunroof, spaciousness, on-dash leather, ambient lighting (love this), the cooled seats. I can't beleive how much I love this car. This is a Caddy? Oh, the 20" Gianelle wheels and Toyo Proxes 4 tires look amazing on the car. Not technically an option, but...

Detailed stitching in the dash, sporty drive and handling, stereo

It's smokin' beautiful! Great sound system, superb handling, 40GB hard drive, smooth ride, so quiet, luxurious ambient lighting, and remote start to cool my seats & forget this is Florida. The NAV is also quite a step up from my former CTS (which I always used). Ultra comfortable, too, of course.

40 GB hard drive, 304 HP engine, OnStar (I never thought I would want this, but after using the directions I wouldn't want a car without it) and the styling. Caddy has hit a home run.

Navigation screen, interior design, sound system, huge sunroof, Porsche like handling, and the young aggressive styling. Lastly, air conditioned seats for Texas and black leather are awesome.

I especially love the overall look of the exterior of the car and the color.

6-speed automatic transmission and 6-speed sport mode. Very smooth acceleration and quiet ride.

Power and economy, heated and cooled seats.

Interior design. Driving and ride quality. Technology advancements. Ergonomics 

Direct Injection engine. Hard drive radio/CD that rips CDs so you don't need to take them with you, and pauses/ records the radio while you're out of the car

Interior redesign with leather stitching around the dash and doors is a real classy look. Very roomy and lots of shoulder room in the front. Thinner seats give more leg room to the rear passengers.

Engine "down low" power is outrageous. Regular gasoline with vehicles combined computer showing 25MPG. That's right 25 MPG! Love this vehicle

Navigation, Rear drive with the sport package for the sporty drive. Ultra view roof is great, accent lighting at night is a nice touch as well with the wood trim.



36 preset radio stations! Nav system is best have ever seen, beats MB and BMW. Pop-up screen is ultra cool. Again, this car is quiet with regards to exterior noise. The engine is also quiet except when really pushed, but the sound is cool. Remote start, keyless access should valuable in winter.

Handling. So responsive and easy to drive. Fuel economy is excellent and can be in low 20's in the City with careful, conservative driving.

Stereo/DVD/Nav system, heated/cooled seats,hard drive, USB port

Escalade-like styling. 304 horsepower performance. NAV with XM and 40GB hard drive. Overall, an American car that actually competes with Beemers and Benzes and doesn't look or drive like my dad's Caddy.

The interior is gorgeous with the black leather. The 40 gig memory stereo is outstanding--I have already loaded about 10 CDs and the sound is excellent. The ride is comfortable and yet very competent in the twisty turns. It is not as sharp edged as a BMW but overall it is better for day to day use.

The exterior is stunning, but the interior is a major step up (even from BMW and Mercedes). Driving at night and experiencing the ambiant lighting is worth the price of admission. The Ultra View sunroof is a nice complement to the overall design.

The built in Hard Drive roolz. The 300W Bose stereo kicks. DVD's in Dolby 5.1. The remote start works from far away. When I get to my car it isn't 140F anymore! The air conditioned seats means no more shirts sticking to my back! The stereo and NAV operate on verbal commands. XM is great. 

Quiet, smooth acceleration, lots of driver comforts

When you turn your car on, does it return the favor. The answer is YES!

Interior and all the tech features



Interior, nav/sound system, and performance.

Exterior.

Power, cornering ability, and looks.

Everything.

Exterior styling, performance, interior layout, nav system, pop-up nav with integrated XM and hard drive (like having an IPod in your car). OnStar has been helpful on several locations finding destinations.

Handling and acceleration. Interior controls. Comfortable seats, especially for a larger driver. Exterior styling. 

Style is terrific, many compliments. Interior is sporty and elegant.

Supple ride, responsive yet not too firm. Smooth transmission, engine acceleration. Fit and finish (interior and exterior). Beautiful White Diamond tricoat paint. 

Head-turning design; interior finish; extremely quiet interior; acceleration and smoothness of the ride. 18"/235 Michelins literally hug the road, feels like the car steers itself. Beautiful White Diamond Tricoat exterior paint.



The handling, the fine control afforded by the manual shift, and its great looks.

Good ride 0 - 50 and 60 - 80. Nicely finished vehicle.

Simply fantastic ride/handling balance and great steering feel with no dead spot and quick turn-in. If you like your ride BMW sport package firm, but never as harsh, get the FE3 package. Love the styling (in and out) and the Nav/Infotainment system is second to none.

Interior is wonderful minus some wind noise and rattles. Would have been better if the salesman had told me Bluetooth was not installed till I was driving off the lot.

Carbon Fiber interior

I live in inside the vehicle and the interior is great! Of course 304 HP and AWD providing 26 miles MPG on the highway with regular gas doesn't hurt. ;-)

Great interior design with wood and leather. Very sharp exterior look - I just enjoy walking up to get in the car. Great handling, good power. Cool oversized sunroof.

Exterior looks. Interior design. Nav / audio display. Sound system. Acceleration. 

Pop-up display screen with I-pod integration. Remote starting gets the a/c running before I get in. After years of buying foreign, it feels good to drive an American car on par with (if not exceeding) the imports.

Everything about the car. But I most likely like the 303 horse power engine.

Bluetooth, performance and handling, air cooled seating and sound system.

After spending Two day driving over 6 hours per day, this vehicle has to be One of the most comfortable, enjoyable ride we have ever purchased. For the money you can be sure BMW is gonna get severely hurt!

Exterior styling, refined interior, the double sunroof, and the technology such as the pop up nav and hard disk drive for the radio, etc.

When the two of us are riding in the CTS, the Ultraview Roof ? the individual contoured heated and vented seats ? encapsulating cockpit design ? and the ambient lighting at night, gives us the feeling of riding along in our own personal individualized luxury compartments. GM got this one right!



Gorgeous exterior. Very unique. Sporty yet smooth driving, beautifully finished interior (better than BMW), and so much fun to drive.

Not only is the Cadillac CTS wonderful to drive, its fit and finish is equal to the best of the imports, and exceeds them in style and extras. Functionality is thoughtful and impressive - with the AWD system, and with the fold down rear seat you get most of the cargo space you get from a SUV.

AWD, Navigation / Stereo

Exterior design. It's black with the beige interior. The perfect combo I think.

Exterior Styling (Black Exterior), Interior Styling (Black Leather with Wood Trim), Navigation System, Ambient Lighting, Logical placement of all controls, Bluetooth, XM radio, Ipod and HDD capability. AWD and 18" wheels will be great in Northeast climate. Keyless entry and start is convenient.

A new look with bold strong exterior design, upgraded quality interior feel and look--stitching and seats look terrific, premium Bose sound system, On Star w/phone, Bluetooth, XM Radio, sport suspension package with 19" wheels and the 304 HP V6 direct inject engine all for $42K. I love this car. 

304 HP Direct Injected V6 and the total quality of the vehicle. It just feels good to own this machine.

Remote start which cools off the seats by turning on the A/C, before you even get in the vehicle. Quiet, Quiet, Quiet, my god does this car run almost silent on the highway. Super MPG for a strong 6 cylinder. AVG MPG 22 combined pretty hard driving.

Exterior looks, steering wheel, iPod connection (though it should be digital, not analog,) shifter feel, interior design, including the real wood, the warm look that the forever- gray BMWs and Mercedes' lack, and the driving position. Running on regular gas is a very nice feature as well.

Sound system; bluetooth system; premium paint; interior appointments; weather/traffic reports thru nav system; iPod connection; XM radio; exterior styling. Love the keyless entry/starting, remote start. Great car for the money, beats BMW, Audi, Infiniti, Lexus in this regard.

handles great, fast, interior is very nice.

87 octane unleaded fuel (yeah), superb instrumentation, center stack controls and layout, smooth acceleration, nice handling, quiet drive, Bose stereo + 40 gig hard drive, cool pop-up nav screen, ambient lighting, XM, On Star, exquisite interior, & elegant, modern exterior design. 

The interior is nicely done and attractive.

Love the interior night illumination, extremely nice.

Swallows the road at 26-28 MPG Car drives itself, engine almost a BMW for much less $ The style and luxury of course.

Styling Inside and Out, Navigation System, Red Color, Build Quality, Fit and Finish.

The interior look and comfort. Road handling and performance.

The interior

The PRICE!!! Awesome price for a heavily loaded vehicle. Mercedes can't offer anything close to this figure. We comparison shopped for a month.

Exterior styling, steering wheel, radio(XM), easy to clean leather, and the ride

Exterior is hot, nice steering and comfortable for me.

Large sun roof, all wheel drive, 3.6 D.I. engine, onstar, xm radio, new grill, blistered fenders, dual exhaust, I love it all!

Better Nav than Acura, Better comfort touches than Audi, Better styling than Mercedes, Better Audio than Lexus. Wow . . . A class leader from the USA?

Love the look of the 2008 CTS. The interior is beautiful!!

Heated Seats, Radio/Nav screen, interior lighting, Braking.

Navigation System is out of this world. Its the best I have seen. I also love the seat. Having some issues with the voice recognition, but that is mostly user error. This is a great car

40 gig radio

30 Gig hard drive radio/nav system. Handling and comfort.



Titanium and charcoal interior....wow!

Navigation, Rainsense wipers, V6DI, remote start, headlights that turn with you (I thought this was just a gimmick, but it really is nice). I am most impressed with the rainsense wipers. This is the next generation after intermittent wipers-truly amazing. Of course I am a gadget nut, so I like all the neat

Night lighting on interior, Tivo radio is really sweet! Overall ride, handling and MPG "approx 20" combined, are better than our previous BMW 5 series.

A/C ventilated seats! Dual A/C temperatures for driver and passenger. Keyless entry/start. Huge navigation screen. 

Interior and exterior styling

Seat comfort and interior feel have got to be the best I have ever had the pleaseure to experience. The driving position with "view of road" is perfect. The A/C is the best we have had and a major issue in Phoenix. Front end alignment tracking is better than our previous BMW 5 series.

USB Port for my iPod; Tivo on the radio; ease of use of Navigation system; Dual sun-roof; light pipe lighting technology; interior accent lighting at night. 



The seats are very comfortable without the lazy boy sinking feeling.

Tech, looks, perfomance, ride. 

The headlights! Awesome! The interior! Very plush! The bling of the LED lights! I love it!

OnStar and it's features. AWD for mountain, bad weather driving. The nav with the hard drive is the best system I've seen yet. Visually, the exterior and interior lighting is the best of design in the class. The fold down seats for hauling. The cruise buttons on the steering wheel. Size of the car.

Sound system - I could listen to XM all day and night.

Looks, ride and handling and fit and finish

Sound system, performance, looks, quality of the vehicle

Smoothness of the ride, quality of the build, esthetics of the exterior. Very satisfied overall

It's such an awesome car all around

Seats are nearly perfect, as the heat/cool fans work exactly as advertised. Road feel is on par with the best we have ever driven, and mileage has been reasonable at combined 21 mpg, with fairly hard driving daily.

Power, braking, handling and dynamics. Well put together interior. Extra interior room compared to competition. I am tall and got mine w/o sunroof. Uses regular unleaded. The whole package is really well put together. 

Handling, great Bose 10 speaker sound system, comfortable seats, amazing interior

The redesign and it's nice to have the DI motor and AWD feature since I just got rid of my 4 x 4 to get this car.

When you drive at night the accent lights add a big plus. Big sun roof adds to the pleasure.

The hot 304 HP DI engine (26 mpg highway), intuitive simplified controls, great pop up NAV and HDD features, Ultraview roof, cooled seats, the ambient lighting at night, the high quality and style of the interior, adaptive headlights, the front end, the feel of a luxury car that performs precisely !

