Two prong outlet, flip down seats, durable plastic trunk and the Engine is a Toyota!

sunroof, 5 speed manual transmission, sound system available for purchase(i reccomend buying this, extra subwoofer makes such a difference and you dont have some big aftermarket clunky thing taking up precious cargo space)car sits high off the ground, very comfortable and easy to get in & out of.

gas mileage! we average 31-32 easy mostly country roads and highway driving. hatchback with the window that you can open. very conveinent not to have to open the whole hatchback to put in one bag.

Lots of room for luggage and after folding rear seats. Fits in average parking spot, parking is easy.

Lots of room, solid, dependable. Much road noise from plastic inner fenders but great fit-finish. 

Hatchback makes life easier from parallel parking to transporting things. I really feel like I have the interior space of an SUV, just lower to the ground. I like the premium sound system and I think it's definitely worth it if you like to experience music.

"Zippiness", roominess, outlet for my laptop, and MPG. Getting 30-31 hwy & city with A/C on and Automatic. My Savannah Dealer gives a loaner car anytime you use their service dept. I like that!

visibility is great because of elevated seating. Fuel efficiency compliments our driving needs. We get 26-28 mpg in city and 35-37 on highway. We do follow all speed limits but do drive 67 on highway. AC does not pull car down. Cargo space is great for walker and other needs to transport. Love it. 

I love everything about this car!

Storage compartments, ease of entry - exit. 

The 5-speed manual is fun to drive and we are getting 39 mph on the highway and almost 30 in town. The storage area is great with the seats down. Overall, it is a great-looking car. 

Fold down seats (Rear & Passenger) MP3 CD Player/great sound system Gas Mileage

The sporty looks, dash view you get as the driver, plenty of storage area in the back, 32+ MPG.

Fold down seats. Very active forms online that help with issues. 

Very useful storage and comfortable to drive. I think it looks good! 

I love the way it seats, that all the seats fold down (except drivers),all the cargo room,the fact that it has a Toyota powertrain,and the way it looks.

Cargo space and functionality are excellent. Fun to drive. Responsive, good acceleration, good gas mileage. Love the look of the two tone appearance package.

How well a tall person fits. Very user friendly dash. Great fuel mileage. Very easy to park and get around in the city. Union made in the USA.

I love the optional 5 spd. manual transmission which I would highly recommend. I tried an automatic which lacked acceleration and pep. the 5 spd changed the whole equation. the sun roof, folding seats, rear suv style door, handling, side curtain air bags and fuel economy make this a great car



I like the versitality of storage in the Vibe. I can transport just about anything I need to. The heat and air conditioning blower delivers alot of air. The 110 volt plug is great.

Cargo space (actually moved a two- seater couch), Instrument panel(good illumination), good sound system with XM option, fuel economy, maneuverability is excellent.



