Sport transmission and suspension along with 20 inch wheels is amazing.

Brakes dry automatically when it rains. Also holds on a hill for 2 seconds when you take your foot off the brake. Comfortable seats, great acceleration & braking. Super handling I put on the 20 inch wheels which have great looks. Lots of thumbs up! Best vehicle I've ever owned including Acura, Lexus.

Rear view camera

None of the features are WOW! For $65K I would like some wow factor. Maybe if this is your first high end vehicle you might think its great. Average at best IMHO.

Backup camera, voice recognition, comfortable seats, styling, handling, sunroof.

Exterior design only

Adaptive headlights and voice command controls.

Power and looks.

Looks are nice, interior and gadgets are what made me buy the car.

Power lift tailgate, sure footed in slippery conditions, moon roof with a solid cover. The parking assist is great with front and rear zones plus a rear view camera (although the camera shots aren't the greatest as others have said).

The horsepower and the feel of the road.

I love everything about the looks, features and driving performance around curves, etc. The safety features are a real plus.

Comfort access, navigation, Bluetooth, premium sound, active ventilated seats, and just about everything else.

The iDrive, Bluetooth and iPod integration. Agree that it's easy to use if you can use a computer. Much easier display than my 325, which didn't have iDrive.

The iDrive is quite nice. Quality of the interior & leather is impressive. Bluetooth is great for us handsfree people in California! This X5 has so many standard options it's hard to keep track of all the fun stuff it has to offer! 

Definitely the 4.8 engine.

Sport button for handling & acceleration. The panorama sun roof.

Handling and feel, bluetooth, iDrive, front cabin comfort, MP3 interface.

Blue tooth is improved from my 2007 BMW 335I. Navigation works good and the live traffic updates are nice. 

Love the iDrive, and the bluetooth functionality, the X5 downloads my address book to make it available through the iDrive. Fantastically smooth and powerful V8. Love the Nappa leather over the standard Nevada leather. Diving position and visibility can't be beat.

Transmission is super smooth. Interior is gorgeous. Handling is best in class.

I like the iDrive, navigation with live traffic, and voice recognition. You know what, I love everything in it.

I loved the iDrive and bluetooth technology and finally my Treo works with this vehicle so I can be handsfree, 

Real time traffic integrated into nav, smoother suspension, split tailgate (things don't fall out of hatch upon opening), rear camera, bamboo wood accents (from a sustainable source). 

My favorite features include the vehicle performance on the road, and the technology upgrades such as Bluetooth and some iDrive features.

Comfort access, panoramic sunroof, iPod interface.

Upgraded lumbar seats & back up control.

Monster moon roof and handling

In addition to what said, blue tooth works very well. Love iDrive. Audio sounds perfect. Very quiet on the road. 

6 customizable buttons: I have assigned FM, AM, GPS, IPHONE, Rear Entertainment and WB, I can access them with touch of a button. iDrive ? get used to it, you will love it, I am so hooked. PDC/ rear camera-it traces the path for backing and parking. Electronic gear and parking brake - touch of button

Cabin tech, bmw driving experience (even in suv)

BMW has the edge over Mercedes in technology department. The iDrive with Technology Package is terrific.

BMW comfort and performance! I've used the iDrive for years on many BMWs, this latest generation is different, takes a long road trip to work out all the features. Audio interface has finally come together, choice of radio (HD and satellite), CD, iPod, etc.

I love the navigation system; it is so easy to use.

Engine (very fast), the commanding view, handling is like a sports car, love the iPod conector. Love everything about it.

iDrive, stereo system, handling/ power and interior 

Safety, interior design, comfort, and highway performance.

I love the way it handles and I love the iDrive. I'm not sure what the criticism of that system is for. It is so easy and all at your finger tips while your arm is resting comfortably. It took a minute to learn, but it is so intuitive that it once I knew it, I could do anything I needed to do.

Design and ride

Inside finish, the iDrive (once you get use to it) and the drive.

Fast, fun! Great ride, spacious, beautiful!



iDrive - once you get used to it - makes the most sense. Don't need to reach for rows of buttons and dials while you drive. Practical everything is under your command without moving your hand away from a single control. If you can learn to use a Wii Nunchuk, you can learn to use the iDrive. 

The iDrive. I'm a gadget guy and felt it easy to learn (touchscreen would be nice). Smooth as silk transmission, esp in manual, and the roar of the V8 - spectacular! With the sport package and the 20" wheels (gorgeous!) Really rocks. Using the manual stick is like driving a different car - try it!

Performance and handling are my two favorites. I also like the amount of options you can get. You'll pay for it, but you can really design this car to include everything you would want from headsup display to navigation to air-conditioned seats.

performance/handling

The iDrive is what sets this apart from any vehicle I've driven. There is a lot to it and I regularly go through the owners manual to see how to do things. Oh BTW, when you turn it on, it returns the favor.

Smooth as silk automatic transmission coupled with that BMW inline 6 engine that they are known for. Panoramic roof.

