ABS/TC/ESC. Sunglasses holder. Battery cutoff if you accidentally leave headlights on when car is off. 

MPG, sound system, truck remote release, cargo net,

XM radio, interior size and design, large trunk.

Great Mileage, Accessories

bluthtuth,cd, 2.0 lt, moon roof,keyless entry,etc,etc

purchase price, safety features, resid. value

I love the handling on this car. Throughout the year I have experienced a few scary situations and the car has done a wonderful job. I also love the spacious. Not only does the driver feel it but the passengers too. The trunk is huge! The blue lighting is soothing. Overall the car is just amazing:]

blue dashboard lights, large trunk, good acceleration, comfortable seats, sound system, sunroof, smart exterior design, sporty feel

The car defrost quickly & easily.I love the fact that my side view mirrors have a defroster, a must in New England. The interior features have everything you would find in other more expensive cars it just lacks a little durability/quality. Not a luxury car but get quite a bit for your money.



None. Completely disappointed. Awaiting to see if Hyundai makes good on their customer satisfaction commitments. 

The handling. The interior lights at night. The sunroof, spoiler,acceleration, heated seats for the cold winter

The Hyundais great warranty package. (That is what got me!) And the mileage! (I wish I had gotten a sun roof!)

The blue interior lights, radio controls on steering wheel, amazing warranty, tons of extras at great price

Gas mileage, comfortable, radio on steering wheel

The blue interior lights at night! Quiet ride. Love the sunroof! XM satilite radio. The whole exterior. the spoiler

Responsive breaking and handling, smooth, and handles the road quite well.

Great Stereo w/XM & steering wheel controls -- Blue instrument lighting is awesome -- Steering wheel feels so precise and steady -- All controls are easy to use and feel/look great. 

Power and pick up, sports car feel and ride, all the trimmings for an unimaginably low invoice, big warranty, quintessential sales and marketing organizations with precise and amiable customer service.

Heated Leather seats, very nice factory stereo with steering wheel controls, folding rear seats.

I've been getting 29-30 MPG. Even my bf, who has a heavy foot, gets around 26-27 MPG. Keep in mind, this is mixed driving - HWY and local streets. Oh and the warranty!!!

Safety airbags all around; comfortable front seats for a big guy like me; XM radio, ABS 4-wheel disc brakes; good suspension and good handling; great car for the price; good value; big trunk; cruise control on wheel; great mileage; very good quality; great warranty; smooth-shifting automatic.

The newly designed interior provides ample space for a full grown adult in 4 or the 5 seats. Added interior creature comforts also make any ride enjoyable.

The SE offers great standard features, including ABS, Stability Control, Side Airbags, XM Radio, Leather Steering Wheel, iPod jack, Fog Lights, etc. Sunroof & Heated Seats are great additions with the premium package. Blue backlights and rear armrest/cupholders are nice additions. Great warranty.

Beige interior with dark floor mats, blue back lighting, 6 airbags, exterior look, sunroof

The quiet refined ride and the surprisingly zippy/peppy get-up-and-go from a fuel efficient car. 

Was very excited to purchase the car originally, but was naive as to the quality. Love the color of blue.

Braking, handling of the vehicle, color and trim, style, standard fog lights, and other standard options.

Armrest-I test drove Versa and it didn't have one. Feels really spacious on the inside. Quiet ride and not bumpy in the back seat. Fold flat rear seats. Clear controls and blue lights at night. Lots of storage. Comfy seats.

Blue lights, most standard features but need power driver seat option.

Safety features, warranty, dashboard lighting, gas milage.

The blue backlights and the XM 

Interior space. Ride. Pretty quiet at highway speeds. Great gas miliage. XM radio.

Good interior room for a small car. Fuel economy. Engine power and response. Well built with no squeaks or rattles. Drives very easily with good steering response. Easy to maneuver in traffic and parking. Lots of standard features with the SE. 

Besides safety features, the steering wheel controls for the radio, the blue back lights for all instrumentation. Got to drive it in the dark last night and could see then why everyone raved about it on the consumer reviews.

I love the sound quality of the speakers. Mine has XM satellite radio and I use my mp3 player all the time. The music is the reason why I hate to get out of my car. I loved my Toyota Camry's 6 speakers, but the Hyundai's 6 speakers sound much better. They rock!

Lots of extra storage compartments, great on gas, nice trunk space!

Style of vehicle, 2 power outlets, good power. Over all a great car for the price. 

Alloy rims, xm radio and moon roof.



Safety features. Gas mileage 27 to 28 mpg overall and 35 mpg highway. Very good acceleration. Telescopic steering wheel - easy to find comfortable position. Well-designed dash layout w/soft-feel padded controls. Premium audio system with XM Satellite radio and MP3 audio input. 16" Alloy wheels.

Quality of all features, XM radio, Very good brakes. Nice interior. 

blue interior lights, xm radio, very roomy interior, gas mileage, warranty, price, looks

16-inch wheels Exterior Design and Color Pinstripping Trim moldings on doors and wheel wells Blue lighting on dash Good Factory Stereo (XM radio!) Head room and seating - very comfortable Spacious trunk wih cargo net, and 60/40 backseat split (enabled by easy to reach buttons in trunk)

Smooth quiet ride, large trunk and comfortable interior. Looks expensive. The best warranty on a new car.

MP3 player, location of controls, no need to turn head lights off everytime you get out, appearance, and safety.

Blue lights, more power than expected, space in the trunk and seats. The overall design of the interior is perfect, easy to reach knobs. The Hyundai warranty is the best.

Good trunk space. Fold down seats for added space. Lots of holders for coins, glasses, and more. I got heated seats and love them for Chicago's winters. Also heated mirrors and sunroof (or is it moon???) Electronic stability for skids (haven't had to use it yet so don't know how good it is)

Great Stereo w/XM & steering wheel controls -- Blue instrument lighting is awesome -- Steering wheel feels so precise and steady -- All controls are easy to use and feel/look great.

Interior and stereo

ABS brakes, full curtain air bags, roomy interior, responsive platform, blue lights, overall solid build of the vehicle and of course the XM radio.

The Elantra has great storage inside with several compartments and a good sized glove box. The trunk is surprisingly spacious as is the interior. The radio is great as it allows for several station pre-sets.

Nicely appointed, large interior

Gas mileage, interior ergonomics, blue instrument lighting, brakes, electric power steering. 

Six airbags, electric power steering, fuel economy, build quality, great initial value.

Blue lights, XM Radio, Heated mirrors, and large trunk space.

Performance far better than expected for a car in this price range. Interior design / blue lighting / many storage options. XM Radio. 

XM Radio, interior space, updated body style, blue lights, all the storage bins, power everything for the price

Great ride, handles in heavy traffic well. Good MPG, nice looking inside and out. Love the heated seats and moonroof.

Heated, electric & folding door mirrors/Stability, traction control, emergency brake assist and distribution/6 air bags/ telescopic & tilt wheel/space/4 disc brakes/manual override of auto box/good performance and economy/trip computer/XM radio/value/finish/warranty/variable valve timing/comfort

XM Radio, Easy Cruise Control, Tons of Interior Space, Comfortable ride, Great Gas Mileage, Good standard sound system, good trunk space. Got it OTD for $1K less than what Edmunds says is invoice. Great, great deal on an awesome car.

Nice,functional fog lights.Sattelite radio.Excellent generic stereo.Great road feel and ride.Lots of storage.Cupholders.Amazing interior room.Traction control,stability control and ABS for price.Tires are seriously beefy.Levers to fold rear seats near trunk opening

Blue lights, satellite radio, comfortable seats, traction control, antilock brakes.

Interior -- the blue lighting is a nice touch and the seats are very comfortable and don't feel cheap. Size -- Plenty of room for a "compact" sedan. Warranty -- Speaks for itself. Though the full warranty is only 6 years/60k (the 100k warranty is powertrain only), it's still a great deal.

Easy reach simple nicely laid out controls. Several extra storage nooks. Big trunk. Best headrest ever! Flat - does not jut out into your head like all the rest of them. Nice hard flat seat. 

Huge trunk, all the latest safety features, good gas mileage, and lots more pep than I expected in a small car.



The audio system is awesome. I like the cruise control on the steering wheel and how easy it is to operate. I also like all the room inside the car. I have two teens and a ten year old, there is plenty of room for all of us.

The blue illuminated lighting and smooth and quick acceleration. Fog lights are available on GLS and fit and finish is almost Lexus-like.

Audio system, interior space, fuel economy and warranty.

Blue gauges, overall drive performance, stylish look, xm satellite radio and great price!! Very nice perforated leather is also a plus.

XM radio, the audio system in general and interior space.

warranty, low price, electronic stability control, good acceleration and still good mpg, 3mo free satellite radio, sunroof, large trunk, heated seats, std fog lights, std heated mirrors, tight suspension although tough on speed bumps, good sound, seat height adjusters, many nice touches

driving home from the dealer two hundred miles from my house i got 39 miles to the gallon all highway at sixty five an hour.

The Space, decent acceleration, decent fuel economy, Hyundai's awesome warranty>Its just a well thought out car.

blue dash lights, excellent brakes, corners great, comfortable seating, good sound system, engine power better than expected,nice surprize.

CD player, airbags, warranties, free car washes at dealership, great handling, great brakes (needed in the city), nitrogen in tires, Sexy look, mp3 player hookup, 

Roomy trunk, instrument panel, aceleration, flexible mirrors (prevented a broken mirror when wife backed up and hit on side of garage), and the aux on the radio.

Sunroof, blue lighted dash, power windows and locks.

bluetooth hand free phone, very comfortable seats, roomy

The blue dash, 220watt sound system, visual, big trunk, ipod, 4 cup holders in front and 2 in rear, 6 air bags, extra console boxes, the sunroof, the extension sun visors, smooth transmission, buttons for trunk and gas opener, auto light beam control system.

Excellent gas mileage, the mileage computer on my car is very close to actual mileage. Driver comfort, I am 6'3 and it is plenty comfortable for me. Dash layout and driver controls are excellent. Reliability has been excellent. Standard radio very good.

Cruise control, big trunk, Ipod hook up.

Handling, safety features, style, low noise, snappy take-off, good economy for a car that weighs as much as it does, very reasonable price. Intermediate-feel ride but small car economy.



Controls, cool blue instrument lights, gas mileage, interior volume. 

Interior blue lighting, trip computer, steering wheel audio controls.

I really like the cruise and stereo controls on the steering wheel. I also like the illumination of the dash at night. Everything is very easy to see.



I like the radio/cd player a lot as it has good quality sound that comes from it, the ipod outlet, plenty of cup holders and storage, good sized trunk.

Great fuel economy, most standard features in class BY FAR, interior room...especially in rear, seat comfort on long trips, good handling, ergonomics - everything is in the right place, standard XM, large trunk for a small car, nice (albeit not earthshaking)exterior design.

Wheel mounted radio/cruise control. ESC. Roominess. Price and warranty.

nice interior design, really good fuel economy. driving style makes a lot of difference though. a lot of room. my black exterior looks nice. once i mistook a Lexus for my Elantra.

Acceleration, gearbox, seats are pretty good. Radio is good. Interior is roomy and trunk as well. Braking is good. Lets not forget the outstanding warranty and roadside assistance. Those would cost you much more in all other car companies.

Standard features for the price

I like the exterior styling, control panels and blue back lighting on the dash. Cruise control on steering wheel. I like the sunroof and all the power options with controls buttons that are friendly to operate

styling, drivability, value for your dollar, warranty

Pretty much everything about the car I like, Standard XM, steering wheel audio and cruise control, trip/mpg computer, comfortable ride, good bang for the buck

Stability control, steering wheel controls, feeling of quality in such a low priced (relatively speaking) car.

Stereo, interior space, MPG, blue lights

Fuel economy, low cost - the 2 big factors in us buying this car to begin with. Safety features and ratings are great.

Safety! We will definately replace this car with another elantra..

Roomy interior and crash test... the real thing.

Love the blue displays. Easy on the eyes. The seats are comfortable front and back. The car also has an extremely solid feel. No creaks or rattles. It has the look and feel of a car that costs thousands of dollars more. Best new car value on the road in my opinion. 

MPG, Leg room, head room...

Road feel, seating, steering, XM Radio, simple layout, climate control and good looks. Warranty is the best available.

interior design, blue illuminator lights

This car offers lots of room, a well lit dash with easy to read displays, nice sound system, and very responsive steering. Accelerates quickly and has plenty of power. There is good visibility with no blind spots. 

Color, comfort, blue lighted dashboard, the way she huggs the curves and exit ramps. I don't have to use my brakes at all. (but I do. Don't want to wear out the tires)key flob, auto trunk opener on key flob. She's sooooo Comfortable and the free XM radio is awesome. She's so roomy inside.

xm radio, window heaters

Interior space, XM radio, gas mileage, comfort and ride

We love the blue lights; they're easy on the eyes for night driving. The A/C is nice, but a little noisy. Comfortable seating for both tall and short.

the features, more features standard than any other car in it's class.

Interior blue lighting, XM Radio, smooth drive

Sunroof, XM, nice sounding stero, blue lights, lots and lots of storage, handles and corners very well. Great MPG, good breaks with break assist. Sporty design, adjustable seatbelts, amazing amount of room for a small car. Excellent warranty (I hope I never need to use it)

interior lighting, storage space, trunk space,XM radio,gas mileage

XM radio, all the safety features that keep my insurance down! trip/mgp/avg speed/range meter, blue glow gauges

interior space, lighting, seats, warranty.. almost all.

This vehicle is very roomy. The fit and finish is nicer than a Civic. The car performs on par with a Civic. The standard options for this car are great. Namely the airbags that surround the entire roof of the vehicle. I also test drove an Accent, but didn't feel safe in either the 2 or 4 door.

4 wheel disc brakes, XM, cruise, full power options, 6 airbags, good seating for tall guys like me. The Power Assist steering, that's pretty awesome. Gas mileage...I love it, nice tight and quiet ride.

Clutch is really easy to use, it is peppy, plenty of storage space and it even comes with an arm rest, unlike the Saturn Astra and Honda Fit. Standard ABS, 6 air bags, powerful a/c - the Civic is far behind the Elantra with their a/c. 

Cruise, pwr wind/doors, remote door lock/alarm (not included with Corolla), and the 172 Watt XM Radio with 6 speakers. As far as safety goes, I think 10 airbags speaks for itself.

Zippy little car.

Quiet highway ride, interior ergonomics, blue instrument lighting, really good brakes and tight turning radius. Big on the inside but small on the outside, MPG's

16" Alloy wheels with SE trim, the front grille, excellent handling and XM radio. 

The warranty is awesome 60K bumper to bumper, 100K on the drive-train, FREE roadside assistance anywhere in the US, including hotel rooms and meals if a repair requires you to stay over night. My dealer offers FREE tires for LIFE on the car and other dealers had similar offers, so look around. 

Very well illuminated instrumentation at night. MPG so far is terrific, better than advertised. XM radio is feature I will never be without again.

satellite radio, big trunk, safety features

auto shut off headlights, the room in the backseat and the trunk, gas mileage

Safety features,fuel economy, warranty, satellite radio,wheel mounted cruise+radio controls, blue backlighting, ESC, disk breaks X 4, alloy wheels, size and roominess, style,blue color.

Standard front and rear disc brakes (not standard on competitors) Alloy wheels Std Front and rear multi-link suspension Partial-zero emission i.e. as green as hybrid Handling capability Great balance of handling and ride Electric steering - u can park the car with one finger Seating comfort Storage 

My favorite feature has to be the space inside. I am 6' 1" 265lbs. With the driver seat all the way back so I am comfortable I can still sit behind the driver seat as a passenger and have good leg room. I also test drove a Ford Focus, Chevy Cobalt, and tried to sit in a Toyota Yaris.

Blue interior lighting, Electronic Stability Control (ESC)

Best things about this car, the gas mileage. You can' beat it for the price of this car. And the warranty is awesome! 

xm,blue dash lights,abs brakes,interior room and fuel economy

Cool blue light for all displays.

I am still amazed at the creature comforts,bells and whistles...I am very satisfied...in a little over 3 months...6200 miles to date. 

XM radio, sunroof, heated seats, leather steering wheel w/ audio controls, fog lights, alloy wheels, ESC, traction, ABS, blue backlighting, small windows in rear, chrome accents in interior, classy design. 

Bag holder on the passenger side. Deep armrest well that can hold my GPS and iPod. Conveniently placed auxiliary jack so I can plug in my iPod. Great sounding radio/CD/XM.

Miles per gallon. This car really moves with power! Very comfortable seats. Very roomy and comfortable back seat area.

XM radio. Cool dash lighting. Smooth and quiet ride. Great MPG and warranty. Standard stability control. Head and leg room for my 6ft+ husband and son.

MP3 hookup, XM, trunk size, paint quality, smooth drive

Electronic stability, roomy interior, good audio system.

XM, Sunroof, cabin Room

I love the XM and standard safety equipment.

I suppose its best single feature is its front seat. The driver has an excellent view of the road and all controls. The seat is comfortable and (with leather) heated. 

blue dashboard, and the safety, and the XM radio

XM radio, awesome brakes, great styling, value, gas mileage, warranty, interior space, dashboard lighting (blue), safety features, etc.

Aux jack, XM radio, keyless entry, auto-off lights, acceleration, interior room.

Comfortable seats, XM radio, CD/MP3 player, coolant gauge rather than warning light. Roomy trunk, smooth comfortable ride. 

fold down rear seats for trunk access. comfortable front seats. 

The design of the dash/interior, nimble driving around town and on the highway, surprising passing power (for a 4 cylinder engine), storage space (a massive amount!)

The heated leather seats, I hardly ever use the heater because the seats feel so nice and toasty. I love the body style and the trunk is really spacious too. 

Good gas mileage Roomy and comfortable 10yr/100,000 mile warranty

Six standard air bags, ipod auxilory outlet, xm radio, power package.

Front end and interior styling. Good quality interior material and feel, better than Civic! Good looking allow wheels with a good tire size. 4 wheel disc brakes with ABS,ESC. Multi-link rear suspension. 

