 the SYNC cool and love the adrenalin package

Sunroof, V8, 6-speed auto,awesome stero package with Sirius Sstellite radio, SYNC with bluetooth phone, AWD, Adrenalin styling package with 20" wheels & Pirelli tires, black leather interior, white suede exterior, electric rear window, hard tonneau cover, class 3 tow package, pickup box

The rubberized floor on the inside makes it a snap to clean after snow or if you were out in the mud. The bed even though on the small side has held up very well with all the stuff I toss into it

Power.

Navigation, smooth ride, ground effects treatment, sunroof, power rear window & 20" wheels (it could also easily handle 22"). I like the full four door cab plus the advantage of a pickup bed, even if a short one.

I like the overall appearance as well as the interior room. Versatlity of having the bed is nice. Satellite radio is nice, rides good. Dark blue is nice color. 

Quiet, solid, plenty of room, good power.

V-8, tires, smooth suspension, rugged yet sophisticated looks.

Bed cover, 6 speed trans,18" standard tires on Limited. In bed storage boxes.

V8 power, Sync and overall styling

Sync. No hands to talk. Tow. Great idea! Quality tires and suspension looks great with durability. 6 airbags, appreciate the safety you guys put into it. Good call! I think the cover idea is great and the options in the bed.

Nice exterior body style. Tonneau cover is excellent 

The composite box with the three in floor storage compartments plus lockable tonneau cover and tailgate. The 2" receiver hitch, with 4 & 7 wire connections. Interior comfort and storage, also flat folding rear seats are the best. There is nothing to dislike about the 2008 Sport Trac 4x4 IMHO

Sync! Sirius radio, v8 engine, and quality of product. Standard features and safety features are truly outstanding.

Top to bottom, I like it all.

Sync is great! Especially with MP3 players. Windshield defroster works great! My neighbors and I usually compete to see who's windshield clears up first... and now I don't have to scrape my windshield!

V8 Engine, satellite radio, build quality that is on par with imports.

Truck bed, mp3 auxillary jack

Exterior design and hard tonneau cover with bed extender are both awesome. Very quiet and smooth ride. 

Exterior and interior design. Center console mounted shifter, very quiet ride.

