The MMI is awesome. Passing power on the highway is terrific. Highway mileage has been much better than expected. I had a 6 hour drive recently and was getting 31 MPG!!

Smooth ride, solid feel, front appearance is great.

Keyless go, blinds in the back, wood steering wheel, navigation, backup camera and sensors, heated seats, and electronic trunk closer.

Bose sound system

The interior features are excellent. The best time to drive the car is at night when all the dash lights are on. Voice activation is great.

Sensational looks inside and out, the amazing Bose sound system and iPod integration. Love the light accents in the cabin and outside front doors (must set these). Great acceleration in S gear. Audi A6 has a fabulous Solid feel.

Quattro, MMI, great iPod interface, 2 screen NAV system, exterior and especially interior styling and finish, really quiet and smooth on highway, MPG is excellent with V6, lane assist, keyless entry, rearview camera and sensors, great trunk. lighting accents in cabin at night

Look (Brilliant Black with Amaretto Brown), stereo sound, S-Line interior upgrade. Nice car, however Audi still has "annoying" small improvements, not big enough to stop me from buying, but from a practical perspective reaching to the glove compartment for CD/iPod connection is "stupid"!

Decent handling

Navigation, brakes, cruise contro,l fuel economy.

Interior and exterior styling, safe feeling of drive

MMI, bluetooth, ipod integration

Love the MMI - a little bit of a learning curve, but now can operate it blind. Nav., great sound system, gas mileage without giving up performance. 

The whole packet.

Solid feel and interior. Quality craftmanship.

Love the MMI. So well thought out and easy to operate.

Quattro AWD, design, responsiveness, build quality, comfort, integrated technology, MPG. 

All wheel drive, MPG, performance, fit and finish, and reliability. 

Audi SatNav is wondeful. Heated seats can melt your bottom in minutes. Quattro system. Solid ride and feel. Roomy back seats. Large trunk. Fuel comsumption. Nice engine sound (when it feels its ready to rev) Great handling. Hasn't gone wrong once. 

MultiMedia Interface (MMI) which allows customization of passive vehicle features and controls radio and bluetooth/telephone functions are in easy reach and easy to learn. Cruise is more intuitive. Design and assembly details both in and out beats everything else in its class.

Navigation. Stereo. Awesome headlights. Cruise control features are much improved. Heated steering wheel is very nice. 

Warm cabin environment combined with easy and intuitive use of every accessory make this car stand out from the crowd. MMI, heated steering wheel, Interior lighting, keyless entry & start, navigation system, rear electric sunshade are among my favorites. 

MMI, comfortable seats, all year drivability with the amazing Quattro system, interior fit and finish.

My favorite feature is that if you go without satellite service the navigation will be within 3 inches from where you left off.

You feel like you're driving an A8 without paying for one. The right amount of acceleration, size and sportiness while enjoying maximum comfort. The MMI w/ navigation, bluetooth, Bose sound is easy to use. The exterior color changes depending on the time of day. It makes my wife happy.

I love the push button start, Bose sound system, navigation system, the bluetooth phone integration and voice commands.

