4 Wheel drive, tow capacity

Styling, clearance, interior space

Seats are very comfortable, standard stereo with 6 speakers is great, utility tray in back

Nice interior finishes. Good paved road handling. Good high torque in low ranged performance on steep grades.

The way it drives and handles.



Uconnect, Sky-Slider Roof, MyGig...

Sky Slider Roof, heated leather seats, remote start, great handling (much tighter turning than you would expect), cool looking

Clean Jeep style. Chrome. Heated power leather seats with lumbar support for the driver. Evic display to check things. Towing capacity for boat. MyGig means you load your CD's on the Hard Drive and leave them all at home. GPS will take you where you wish to go, find hotels, restaurants, police etc..

4x4 go anywhere capabilities and surprising comfort for a vehicle like this one - love the seats. Just fun to drive around.

The styling, nav/bluetooth/satellite system ease of use (totally intuitive), the sound system is terrific, the feel of the drive.

Interior cargo and passenger room. The ride is very quiet, compared to previous Libertys. The radio, including RDS display and an Aux input jack for Ipod, Zune, or other MPEG player. My Zune sounds great through the Liberty speakers.

Love the look, remote start, Sirius radio, interior and the color. Light Graystone Pearl.

Nice quiet ride. The sterio/sound system is terrific. I enjoy the remote start and use it just about every day-- and the cargo stowage area for muddy/damp gear and groceries is great. The personal settings display is bright and easy to use/change in a hurry - and the alarm is loud- works well!

The grille, the headlights, the sunroof, the stereo, the power of the engine, the interior and exterior, the lifetime powertrain warranty!

I like the sunroof one touch feature and the bluetooth. The heated seats are great in the winter. Also the remote start is great.

Sound system excellent---storage and cargo space excellent. Climate control good. Back up assist a good feature.

The Sirius satellite radio. The I-Pod hook-up on the stereo. The reversible/ washable cargo tray. The fold flat rear & passenger seats. The shift-on-the-fly 4WD. Good visibility out & around vehicle. The rear lift gate flipper window. Int. storage areas. Placement of cup holders. Safety 

4 wheel drive seat height for visibility storage rear door improvement

1. Seat comfort. 2. Sliding glass sunroof. 3. Power!!! 4. Interior quality. 5. Fit/finish of entire vehicle. 6. Good ground clearance, entry/departure angles. 7. Space when seats are folded. 8. Hatchback design. 9. Spare tire placement. 10. Reasonable fuel economy.

Remote start. Skyslider, but think the design of it was really poorly thought out....leaks all the time. Can't take it through a car wash and that's a problem in the winter with salt/slush issues. 

The high sitting position, the sunroof,easy to get in and out of,the dealership does the oil changes quickly,the styling of it...etc.

ESP, All speed traction control, SkySlider full-open roof, Seat Comfort, Control placement, Rugged feel. Reliability (I have had 7 Jeeps and have only had normal maintenance, not even a check engine light in any)

Remote start and memory seats. It is so nice to click the remote and have the seat and mirrors set. No one else at this price point has that feature. Remote start is great! The system locks the doors and starts. It will turn off after 15 minutes if you do nothing else. A pre-heated or cooled car. 

Selec-trac 4 wheel drive system, stereo, and outside temp gauge (handy for determining if that shine on the road is ice or water)

I like the square look

I like the looks (nicer than the Dodge Nitro), 6-spd manual transmission, ground clearance, seats (comfort and fold-down capabilities), and the return to a more masculine design.

Power, ultra-comfortable seats, sky- slider, stereo is a huge improvement, and I'm glad to be rid of that swinging rear door. That was not easy for unloading groceries in the garage.



4WD, the power, the interior, and the comfort of the ride. It is so roomy and nice inside and out.



skyslider, my gig navigation, parking sensors, auto engine start without getting in to the car, great leather seating

Ride and build quality

Love the MYGIG system, comfort, style, reliability. 

It has a nice outer look. I'm really not bothered by the plastic inside. It has plenty of space in the back as well as a hidden compartment. I like that the spare is placed underneath as opposed to on the back of the vehicle. I also like that the back seat can be folded down in sections. 

Cruise, Compass, temp, tail-gate & spare underneath, stability control, abs, curtain airbags.

Easy read display on Nav. Satellite Radio. It is easy to drive. Instrument panel is big, easy to read yet not obtrusive. Controls are logically placed. 4wd works well in snow. Remote start works well. Memory features are nice, when my key is recognized the seats adjust as do the mirrors, even radio

Off road ability but perfect for regular driving as well. Jeep green color. All terrain tire option with full size spare.

It's a Jeep thing - I am 56 and its been a very long time since I looked forward to commuting. Yeah I know that there are better mpg, but if I ever need to get the heck out of Dodge because of a hurricane or earthquake, I'd rather trust my Jeep than some glitzy foreign SUV.

Instrumentation and displays. Quiet, peppy engine with acceleration when you need it. MYGIG radio/phone/navigation system is great! Seat fits me well with no low back pain and arm rests are just at the right levels. Excellent programmable electronics with controls on steering wheel. Ext. design.

sky slider and the plug in for electronics in the back seat.

ride roof if no wind noise

Exterior styling. Throaty engine.

Sky slider roof and Sat radio are awesome. No road noise under 70 mph.

radio roof ride

Sky Slider rocks overall! My Gig with GPS is awesome! Comfortable & Plush Leather Seats! Chrome Trim and Grill!

hill descent control, on and off road handling

The skyslider is awesome! Radio/CD controls on the steering wheel are an excellent feature.

Handling in curves, no slipping in the snow.

Sky-Slider roof, 110V outlet in the rear seats, ride, comfort, moving the power-window switches to the doors, fold flat front seat



Exterior looks, ride comfort, yes seat cloth, head and leg room and of course gas mileage

Skid plate group, 4 Wheel Drive Selec Track, Power sunroof, Tow/Haul button integrates anti sway control for trailer, pop up rear glass, and ipod aux plug. 

The looks, the style, the adjustable seats with memory, the radio

Rear park assist, sirrus, tire pressure monitor

Not an option available this Jeep does not have. Love the Sirius radio, nav system and uconnect hands free phone system.

This car handles great. I have 1200 miles on it and have no complaints. I like the leather seats and Sirius radio.

The styling is much more Jeep-like, the seating comfort is right up there, & with the memory seating, cool too! We're very happy with the sound system and satellite radio, and the u-connect is much more friendly than my Motorola blue-tooth. In the woods and on the trail in 4WD, OUTSTANDING!

Sky slider lifetime powertrain warranty.

I got a great deal on a fully loaded Liberty so it has so many bells and whistles I have yet to use them all. But the Memory function on the seats and the My gig-info center are my favs.

Exterior styling, Hill start assist, 6 speed manual, Command trak II, Trailer tow class III, turning radius, safety, Comfort!, Price, Off-road Capability

Plenty of rear storage. No trouble at all with the push in thumb buttons on the door handles like Consumer Reports claims in their negative evaluation. In fact these buttons seem a natural way to open the doors. We find the seats comfortable and the A/C works great in Arizona heat. 

Sky slider roof, aux hook up for IPOD, great ride

Interior, exterior, and sound system.

Ride, safety features, value for dollar paid.

Turning radius, new exterior and interior design, fun to drive

Auto rear window, My Gig Navigation

Loved our 2002 Liberty and sorry we ever traded it. Our new one is a much better vehicle and feels like an old friend when we get in it. 

Driving position, tight turning radius, looks and simple layout of the dash.

Exterior styling, comfortable seats, 4x4

Sky Roof, interior space, rear liftgate and storage space.

The new 4 wheel drive is a switch. A lot easier to get in and out of 4WD Lo

the front cockpit, very roomy, the seats are very comfortable and is good on the back. Also the large side console that can house many items

The seating is more comfy than the prior Liberty. The re-designed interior and exterior overall. 

MYGIG is very nice, Infinity radio, quiet smooth ride, Uconnect phone.

Electronic Vehicle Information Center, Sunroof, new look, interior look

MyGig, Navigation System, comfort, handling, looks, interior lay out. 

The ride is car like, as well as the steering. It has a good height so you get a good view of the road. It offers a lot of safety features for the price.

For a SUV, the liberty has a car Ride on the road. It sets up high which give you good look down the road. It has great steering and brakes. Plus I liked all the safety features like, abs, tc, anti- lock brakes, esp as well as side curtain air bags.

I like the looks, Ride and the height. The seats are comfortable, and interior doesn't look cheap.

The sky slider is quite remarkable: fun, comfortable, amazing roof. The I-gig is a wonderful sound system. The Auto-start key is a cool show off feature. 

The towing capacity and towing ability. It also gets about 19-20 mpg on the highway when towing.

The rag top sky slider, I like having a convertible SUV at the touch of a button, can't wait for beach weather. 115-volt outlet, fold down seats, powerfull/ comfortable ride. Not overly top heavy on sharp turns. Jeep 4x4 performance. Lifetime Powertrain Warranty. Sound system w/ MP3 port. Its design

My Limited is about fully loaded. I love the MyGig with navigation, Sirius radio and Sirius Traffic, ability to plug in my iPod. The heated seats, mirrors, and remote starter are nice for New England winters. But my absolute favorite feature is the Sky Slider top.

Skyslider & deluxe radio 6 CD system (8 speakers with subwoofer)

NAV, Voice Sync, ride, looks, safety rating, Mygig, remote start, controls, skyslider, athletic feel, Sirius Sat radio, lifetime warranty, family smiles when they saw it for the first time, info readout in dash gauge area that shows compass and radio station, red rock color, reclining rear seats.

Interior controls, exterior design, warranty, snow handling.

The ride and size.

Electronic Vehicle Information Center (EVIC), heated seats, premium Sirius satellite radio, leather interior, automatic tire pressure monitoring (TPM) system, and lifetime warranty.

Sun roof, Sirius satellite radio, the color greystone pearl, the height, the smooth ride. New bumper to bumper waranty for life of the vehicle with unlimited miles.

I've had SUV's with worse gas mileage.

Smooth ride, comfortable seats, high off the ground, tinted windows, 4x4

Ripping cds to the HD is really awesome, that paired with SIRIUS means we literally don't have to carry around ANY cds anymore.

Comfortable ride, good ride height, not too loud, great warranty, pretty responsive, standard airbags all around, very solid, safe car.

So many features (especially safety features) that come standard with this model year that were options in past years.

Sky Slider Roof - it is awesome

Dependable 4-wheel drive

Appearance, ride/handling on and off road.

