 Great handling, more simplistic design [compared to most other new vehicles now!!],fuel economy,nice stereo,xm radio and cd system,safety features,low price,and great reliability

16" wheels, ABS, stereo, price.

Gas mileage.

XM radio, efficiency, cold as ice A/C, attractive styling, and you can park it just about anywhere.

CD Player, auxiliary jack for i-pod, comfortable seats, and design.

the styling



Price (paid $13,000), gas mileage, exterior styling.

Standard XM (cant find that standard on a $24,000 car), Nice 16in. Alloy wheels, Does not feel small inside.

Turning radius, gas mileage, interior is roomy despite small size. Fun to drive.

The exterior design is cute. It sort of looks like a "goomba" from Super Mario Brothers when viewed from the front. I also like the design of the passenger compartment (the radio is tilted to the driver's point of view) and the smooth ride.

XM Radio, ABS, Gas mileage, Handling, Peppy acceleration.

My radio and the trunk, it has a enter handle so when your hands are full its still simple to get it shut. also i like the seats, they feel secure but they keep you comfortable. 

The two door hatchback allows for large item to be put in the back the visibility is good too. The car handled very well but hit bumps hard. The standard features on my SE were a good value. (if the car was worth having) the lighted vanity mirrors are well thought out in how they operate.

The way it handles it is a pleasure to drive. I will not mind doing some long distance driving in it.

Fun to drive, fuel mileage.

I would say the locking fuel tank lid is my favorite feature. I was drained more than once with my old car. So far no problems.

It is fun to drive. It's not the fastest but you make it happen with the manual. The passenger seat moves far enough forward so I can get my son in his car seat in the back while standing hunched over in the car! I'm 6'1". 6 airbags and the leg room. Easy oil changes, I've done one of them.

Looks, Airbags, Warranty, handles the road well, affordable options

Looks, fuel efficiency, road noise (when under 60 mpg), 100K mile warranty, interior appearance.



Handling, gas mileage, build quality, long warranty, sound system...

The sporty feel and of course the gas economy.

Economy, price and build quality. I'm a pragmatic person and this is a very functional car with lots of space. My favorite feature is the build quality. Nothing feels cheap. Nice car for a very nice price and I'm averaging 36 MPG in mixed city/hwy driving.

Fuel Economy, Price, Warranty, functionality and interior volume for class of car. I like the way it is built. Hyundai has made enormous strides in Q/C. It is solidly built and feels like a much more expensive car. 

love the xm radio 6 air bags the am fm mp3 xm radio a gas saver 

I like the XM radio the sporty look i get alot of looks like wow that car has came along way 

2 tone interior. Adjustable seat, power windows and lock well worth the price. Remote lock is good. 



XM radio. 30mpg on average (I drive it kinda hard).

I like the XM radio feature, but not sure if i will keep it active after the 3 month free trial period, also the Air conditioning will freeze you out of the car

Love the stereo with XM, automatic, TPMS and the large screen on the stereo, and of course all the AIRBAGS!!! LOVE THE ARMREST!!! My dad's Versa is a little more expensive and does not have one. The warranty is great!

Sporty appearance of the 2-door, all the added features that are standard, WARRANTY, just the feel of the car.

MPG!!! easy to use features, fits anywhere, nice radio, 6 standard air bags.

I love the clutch-shifter combo, recommending this dealer installed option to all manual drivers. Feather foot Accent for excellent MPG. Wherever you can get it, install a High Definition radio, if you have such stations in your area. 

Sunroof/stereo. Simple controls and shifter. Quietness and engine note sweet. Antilock brakes/warranty and design are pluses. The look of the exterior and side blinkers and keyless entry/alarm system. Everything power. The light over each visor is Nice. Price. 8 way driver's positions and quality through out.

The shape of the car is unique. 16" wheels.

I love how the back seat back rest folds down, while the back seats lift up. It's the best design so far I've seen (Yaris/Fit). Great Warranty! Aux in is sweet! All in all, a really good car for the buck. Best deal for a car out there.

All around great car. You can't beat the warranty.

Plain Accent has great MPG for feather footers, shorter shifter & clutch, tach, 8-way adjustable driver seat, remote manual adjustable rear-view mirrors, 2 12Volt plug-ins, very easy roll down windows (forget the electrics for dependability), & standard mudflaps. 

Air; Cruise(added); Sirius(added); good mpg, low price; excellent warranty; My wife likes the power windows and locks

GAS MILEAGE. On the first tank of gas I went 250 miles and 150 of those miles I had myself and 3 other adults with the A/C going. I recorded 34.9 MGP. 

Looks, solid feel, quiet, easy to park in the city.

good on gas...THATS ALL!!!



Looks and the fact that it's not another Honda civic on the road. Price!!

XM radio, Manual tras, rear seats completely fold down.

5 speed manual. Roll down windows. shape and front seat feel.

How the car handles. Very nimble, holds the road well even behind s semi. Handles road defects well. Don't expect a Cadillac ride, but for this class of car the ride resembles a larger car.

Air bags, the gas door does not open unless released inside.( with current gas prices)

 XM

XM Radio, gas mileage, color option

it's roomier than you think.

I can park anywhere! It feels like a sporty car.

Aux jack, XM, good sound for a little car. Fuel economy (who needs a prius?) and also the color is so cute and the car is sporty. Ash tray and cigarette lighter (it's hard to find).

The price, the quality and the outstanding factory warranty. 

The great gas mileage. I will never purchase another large sedan or suv again.

Love the hatchback, ease of driving, controls within easy reach, fuel economy.

5 spd shifter is cool, drives like a much larger car, fuel economy can't be beat (who needs a hybrid costing twice as much or more?) Excellent warranty.

Ergonomically great from the driver seat. Great sound system. Seats are very comfortable. Even though it is a stripped version, has everything and then some to dive confidently (like having a tach). 

Mileage, handles well,looks

16 in alloy wheels B&M shiter leather wrapped steering wheel 3 door hatch. Stereo is very good.

Low Price

Daytime running lights - just leave the headlamps on. Roomy front area and fully-adjustable seats. Seatbelts for 5 folk who are really friendly. Quiet, smooth ride.

Fuel economy, stereo, color of car.

The five speed sport shifter. ABS and low profile tires. Nice radio. 

I like the comfort of the seats. The height of the drivers seat and the of the steering column can be adjusted. All controls are within easy reach. Very efficient ergonomic design.



Style, ease of driving

