This car has it all. Hard to pick one feature. All are represented equally well (engine, handling, comfort, appearance).

Engine, suspension, interior, exterior. In that order. Very refined, mature looking sedan. Not trendy or "boy racer" looking. Might even be described as boring. I wouldn't say that but I know in 10 years this car will still be handsome. Just like an Acura should be.

HIDs (& highbeams), heated side mirrors, memory & heated seats, bluetooth link, body style & appearance, iPod connect, fast & smooth ride, homelink, buttons on driving wheel (vol., BT link, etc.) It's a beautiful car!

Memory seats are always nice. The bluetooth phone is nice also. Decent mileage for a car that wants to run also. The styling is middle of the road. Preferred over the 09 model.

All the 'extra's were standard features in the car. Body style and appearance. XM radio is great! Car got 36 MPG on highway at 70 MPH.

body style

HID headlights, heated seats, nice stock sound system with 6 disc and the Acura nav is amazing, but wished the 08 TSX offered weather/traffic updates like the 09 TSX.

Sporty heated leather seats, smooth shifting 6-speed, HIDs, standard foglights, bluetooth, classic "sporty/luxurious" design.

The trunk is much larger than I thought it would be. The bluetooth hands-free is wonderful. I got a black one with a spoiler (& black leather), & it looks really sharp.

Exterior design was icing on the cake along with the HID lights. Love the carbon gray color, gives it a sophisticated look, without the cost.

Euro look, very nice cockpit layout, interior materials high quality, slick 6 speed, smooth revving engine, very well equipped for the price, a driver's car.

Memory seats, tilting side mirrors, bluetooth, leather quality

Black/tan color combo, 6-spd tranny, extra bright HID's, decent stereo, gas mileage :)

Navigation, bluetooth, power everything, great handling.

Sporty look! 

The navigation in the TSX, as in most Acuras, is superb. The exhaust note, for those to whom it matters, is a nice purr and evidence of the small but mighty performance tuned 2.4L engine. And for a college student the great trunk space is a major plus. 

Bluetooth hands free phone, navigation system easy to use, heated/memory seats, great mileage, MID/speedo cluster is intuitive and looks sharp. Controls are easy to use. Great value at this price point.

Clearly designed and built for Europe. Taut and compact, it moves gracefully. Exterior is simple, but classic and handsome. Interior is outstanding. Gearbox is fantastic. Engine revs freely, quickly and smoothly. 4-cylinder fuel mileage doesn't hurt either. Standard features will drop jaws.

Voice recognition system, navigation system. Comfort

The navigation system is great and by far the best when compared to Lexus, BMW, Infiniti and Toyota. It is very user friendly and has a much large data base than the competitors. The lumbar back support in the front seat is also better than other cars with the exception of a BMW.

6-speed transmission that rivals anything BMW produces; every convenience that one could want; logical dash layout

The navigation is cool (wife talked me into that one), but I wish it had the traffic advisory (like the '09 does). My favorite feature is just the overall value. You get leather, sunroof, nav, bluetooth, etc. AMAZING!

XM, Bluetooth, HID-Xenon and fog lights. Memory seat, sound system. Heated seats/mirrors, dual zone climate control.

All the standard features - bluetooth, Multi-Information Display, powerful sound system. Comfortable back seats. Unique design.

Navigation system with touch screen and voice recognition, great gas mileage, appearance (very sexy with chromes and tinted windows), heated seats.

XM, Bluetooth, HID-Xenon lights and fogs. Memory seat, sound system. Heated seats/mirrors, dual zone climate control.

XM radio, Blutooth (works great), hands free link, power seats and memory. Heated seats. Love the naviagaiton system. Voice command system works great. Fit and finish is flawless!! Interior is very nice.

Bluetooth, leather seats, dual climate controls, great mileage, solid Acura reputation.

Steering accurate & perfectly weighted, great ride/handling balance, smooth transmission with precise manual shifts, fully equipped--heated leather seats, moonroof, Bluetooth. 

XM radio, voice commands, Hands-Free link, oil-life monitor, tire-pressure monitor

I like the voice recognition software. The iPod hookup is a plus. I got a rear deck spoiler and I think it helps with the overall appearance of the car. I think Acura/Honda paints a nice red car.

Bluetooth is fantastic, especially voice prompts. Memory seats set to each individual drivers keys, so seats adjust automatically to each driver.

XM radio (standard), Bluetooth, auxiliary input for your iPod, tire pressure oil life, mileage left until gas tank is empty on screen display and the quickness and handling. 

Plethora of options for the price. Bluetooth. Xenons. "Personalized" settings like one-touch unlock feature for all four doors. Refined yet zippy ride.

Awesome 6-speed shift action, overall value, standard features.

Peppy off the line and when merging or passing on freeway. Great handling, smooth shifting, all the creature comforts from heated power adjusting leather seats to bluetooth. Lots of cubbies for stuff. Doesn't turn heads, but I figure I drive a car from the inside out..great little car! 

Every thing you want is standard. BlueTooth, XM, heated seats, etc. More leg room in the front than my Lincoln LS.

XM free trial; I didn't realize how much I like satellite. Love the bluetooth, far superior to BMW which worked less than half of the time. 

The TSX is not an Accord with a $10k "A" on the front; navigation is great; price to performance ratio when compared to other luxury sedans in its price range; the body and style of the car; and the interior design. My buddy has a 2006 325 xi and when the cars are next to each other, I prefer mine.

Headlights, 4-cylinder engine, twin exhaust, navi, quiet ride, sound system, comfortable seats, suspension/handling.

Ride quality, reliabilty, fair price for parts and tune ups, navigation, overall price, so much fun to drive I almost look forward going into work.

Fully loaded with features/gadgets. No need to burn brain cells deciding what to get.

Hands free bluetooth, colors and visibility of interior gauges, handling and gas mileage.

Particularly the shifter and clutch. I also appreciate the aux input in the center console. Love the drive.

Silky smooth clutch, great handling, user friendly interior especially heated seats, two-zone climate control, multi-functional stereo system including a great MP3 hook-up and XM radio. Since I live in Minnesota, I can only assume I'm going to love the heated side mirrors this winter. 

Very comfortable firm leather seats and thoughtful interior layout. Great handling without harsh ride. Over 30 mph for freeway cruising doing 70 to 90 mph. Heavenly engine/exhaust sound at high RPM. Best manual transmission (precise) and buttery clutch (effortless) I ever experienced.

Quality of materials, fit and finish. Headlights are superbright but don't seem to bother other drivers. Handling is predictable, solid and secure and tons of fun. Standard list of goodies is impressive. Driver seat is supportive and comfortable for the long haul. Sound system is strong. 30+ MPG.

Dual climate control. Seats. MPG. Gauges. Lights including fog. Handles well.

The abundance of creature comforts! Comfy heated seats with power, memory and leather, good sounding AM-FM, CD chngr, XM radio. Good instrumentation, seating position. Effective Bluetooth hands free phone interface & microph., fun sport shift when I want it and plenty of pep with 32.6 mpg to boot!

Memory seats, ergonomics of controls, silky smooth, free-revving engine.

Bluetooth is the best I've used, fun to drive, integrated XM radio.

Gas mileage. Excellent acceleration. 

I work in NYC, so the real time traffic on the navigation system is priceless.

