Navigation, Audio, Style

engine hum; extraordinary finish ('polished metal' color w/ taupe interior)... and inexplicably (is it just me noticing this?) the silver trim running down console keeps the front drink holders (and drinks) cold! nice trunk space; fabulous touch controlled sunroof. love the pull out map pockets.

Interior ergonomics, Navigation system, minimalist styling

sound system, heated seats, auto windows

"looks", wheels, sound system, handling, ride, MPG, "sleeper" category, resale value

Interior fit & finish, best Navigation on the market, reliability.

Speed, Balance of size, sportiness, comfort and value (especially when compared to competitors.) Nav System, Sound System (even the bizarre tape player, I can now play my '80's tapes!) 

Heated seats are wonderful. The navigation is simple to use and comes in handy. Use it more than I ever thought I would.

The interior is much more roomy than competitors models. The Lexus IS was just to small and cramped, I am 6" and it felt like a clown car to me, same deal with the BMW 3 Series. The navigation Acura uses is the best in the business, very user friendly and accurate. The exterior is dead sexy.

Car paint and interior finish is excellent. Seat positioning good. Controls OK, and Bluetooth compatible. Bright high intensity discharge headlights, with turn indicators on side view mirrors. Plenty of room in trunk for the clubs. 

Bluetooth and ride comfort. Very quiet as well.

Hands free link, reverse tilt mirrors, sunroof and all standard features.

Looks, performance as well as the included options.

TL's rear body shape makes most of the sedans on the road seem alike.

Looks, reliability, ease of use, ride, mileage

POWER, NAV, voice command, looks, ipod jack standard, F-1 paddle shifters, interior is comfortable (I am 6'5") and a usable trunk.

Love the handsfree bluetooth, powerful engine, firm but smooth riding suspension and interior design and layout.

The whole car! Seriously, it is that good... I mean great. The nav is unbeatable in my opinion (no stupid iDrive knob, or any dumb & distracting turn knobs) it's voice + touch operated! The power of this car is very addictive (watch your speed! :)) Overall refinement, ride, looks, power, sound.

Bluetooth, DVD audio, blue LED interior lighting.

Carbon bronze pearl exterior mated with taupe interior. Spiffy and classy. Sound system. Memory seats. Backup camera. 

My favorites are the radio-stereo system, heated outside mirrors, heated seats, lighted steering wheel controls.

Interior and exterior fit and finish, voice activated everything, darker taillight bezels, turn signals on the mirrors, HID lights.

The standard features are just amazing - comfortable heated seats, beautiful exterior appearance, hands-free bluetooth, excellent braking, ride is smooth, and very roomy.

286 hp engine, interior, audio system, navigation, rear view camera

The navi is great and very useful. The back-up camera is very handy. The voice commands are fun. And all this is standard on the Type S. A real no brainer. We love the white diamond pearl with the bronze type S wheels. It's like driving a four door Corvette it handles so well.

Nav, Bluetooth, radio, power, handling

Everything - automatic lights, voice activation for controls and navi, LED tail/mirror lights, quad exhaust, acceleration, braking is amazing, bluetooth, red ambient lighting, luxury detailing, one-touch features . . . did I name everything? :)

This car just looks, feels and drives fantastic.

Smooth-shifting transmission, nav system, sound system.

I love the seats, comfort, handling, and exterior appearance; mine is black with a tan interior which looks very expensive. The factory bluetooth is superb; everyone can hear me well when I talk on it which has never been the case with aftermarket products I have used.

Engine, handling, exterior design, interior design, voice activated controls, easy to use nav., large back seat for my 5 year old.

Navi, hands-free link, interior design, exterior design.

Navi, back camera, power, handling, looks, best sport sedan made. Test drive and you will see.

Navi, quietness, power, handling, excellent gas mileage on highway (33 mpg), "tightness".

Nice radio, handles very well, good layout of controls...

Controls on the steering wheel, nav system, interior design, body, multi-speaker surround sound system with subwoofer

Love the gadgets. bluetooth, xm, and voice recognition. Also love the warranty.

Speed, handling, ideal balance of sportiness and comfort. The six-disc in-dash surround sound DVD audio system rocks. The touchscreen navigation is far more user friendly than the "luxury knobs." Back-up camera, tilting rearview mirrors, Bluetooth connectivity, and voice-command are great.

It has a lot of high end features that I have come to appreciate: the voice recognition Hands-free link, dual climate control, dual driver setting memory. I am listening to music from the 80s on the cassette player. It is smooth, powerful and fun to drive especially in the manual shift mode

The entire car package

We love the looks of our Acura.



I highly recommend getting the navigation. It completely changes the character of the car. I also like the fit and finish quality of the interior.

Sound/nav functionality, performance, interior design/layout.

Bluetooth, heated seats, back up camera, space, moon roof.

Voice recognition, sound system, interiors, and comfortable ride.

Sound system, exterior styling, great ride, interior quality. Price, car comes with everything from a features standpoint

Like the interior lighting. ELS surround sound. Drive by wire acceleration. Simple controls.

What comes standard in TL/S comes as extra in BMW and G35. Smooth/quiet ride, nice acceleration, impressive handling, overtaking other autos with plenty of power to spare. With this automobile one KNOWS the 3.5 will deliver. Plenty of trunk space, roomy interior. Did I say acceleration!!!

I greatly enjoy the navigation system. I resisted with my other TLs and now regret that I did not make the plunge. The audio based commands for audio are spot on. The handling is very nice. Bluetooth and the availability of a cassette player still cause me joy.

To whole package is well thought out. Very surprised with mileage 33- 35HWY/25-28 City. Higher than expected but other reviews might have been Type S cars. This non-navigation car has very simple controls so everything is easy to find.

Everything!

Styling, extras such as lights on sides, inside lighting nice touch. GPS, XM radio, fog lights, wheels!

1. Nav and audio systems 2. Engine and handling, esp F1 paddles 3. Great value for the price 4. Comfortable seats

Sound system, Bluetooth, great road feel

6-sp manual; mileage when going to church; black color; great response when you need power to pass; classy look; the best navigation in the business.

Traffic monitor saves me time going home. Engine growls when you want it to. Cabin is a vault with windows up, I barely hear vehicles along side the car. 

The navigation in my 08 TL is by far superior to my 06 GMC Envoy. The hands free kit is exceptional. Everyone says that I am very clear, I use it all the time.

By far the Hands Free Link, iPod jack, then styling. Spacious cabin the TL allows four 6 foot guys to travel very comfortably. The ability to get a nicely equipped car without nav. Other models seemed to give the niceties only if you get nav systems

Quad exhaust, type-s rims, touch screen navigation, bluetooth, backup camera, hid lights, standard fog lights, lights on my mirrors for turning and the sound system!

Inside roominess and comfort with a great navigation system, great that it has a tape deck

Still learning the voice prompts. The nav system, blue tooth are easy to use. The sound system is superb. Very comfortable seats. There are no options on this car for a reason-it has it all. Has anyone really looked at the headlight assembly, or rear license surround? Both are spectacular designs.

You gotta love the styling touches on the S type, quad exhaust, two tone seats (mine are black/silver), sport pedals, paddle shifters. The navigation works really well and audio features are great. Price of car was hard to beat with the incentives offered. 

GPS, voice activated features, navigation place finder. 

Handsfree Bluetooth; styling/build; Media options (AM/FM/XM radio, 6-disc CD system, MP3/iPod auxiliary connection, tape deck); on-board computer; Xenon headlights, etc.

I love the smooth engine and smooth shifting transmission. Great stereo.

Navigation, bluetooth, voice activated features, real time traffic and accident information is unreal. Sound system is excellent.

Smooth acceleration when the RPM is over 2500. Design.

Car looks good from headlights to tailpipes, interior comfort and elegance. Fairly quiet ride, depends on road surface, fuel economy, expected Acura reliability without the high end German made upkeep, rear ac vents, interior blue lights,hands free phone and low overall ownership costs. 

Paddle shifters, combination of good gas mileage with great power. Love the 4 chrome exhaust outlets... really sells this model!! Love the navigation system that is easy to use. Very comfortable for 4 adults and easy to get in and out. 

Smooth V6 acceleration, gas mileage, solid exterior and interior design, sound system with surround.

Smooth engine. Precise shifting and handling. Shift paddles on steering wheel. Nav. system.

All the standard equipment that is optional for a price in every other competitor

Navi, xenon headlights, styling, bluetooth.

Navigation, handsfree, on-board computer. All-around easy to use & drive. 

I love the touch screen nav, paddle shifters, bluetooth, voice activation everything, rear view camera, quad exhaust, it's just fun to drive!

Navigation

Performance, quality, design, interior layout and standard features.

 Voice commands, controls at finger tips, dual power seats, the overall look of the car. Navi, backup camera, xenon headlights, tilt down mirrors in reverse, sporty grille and body kit. Quad exhaust and cool rims make the car unique. We got blk interior/exterior. Sound system, XM - that purr of v6.

overall interior space, navi, rear view camera, bluetooth phone

Audio, comfort, MPG, styling.

Comfort, great ac (important in TX), powerful, navi is fabulous for a directionally challenged woman, and I feel safe.

Navigation system and the seats.

Integrated Bluetooth for cell phone through radio, manual shift mode, side mirror auto adjust when car in reverse, audio system 

As stated I love the navigation, blue tooth, and hands free voice commands.

Fair price. I have more room than in my TSX. The rear area has A/C vent. Easy to use control panel. 

Great navigation system.

The ride and comfort are amazing. Handling is superb. Just turning a corner feels like racing through mountainous roads. I love driving it. There is plenty of acceleration; the ride is extremely quiet. Acura has just a couple of basic packages with so many of the typical extras included. 

Mentioned above

Comfortable seats, attractive interior. Highway mileage in excess of 30 mpg so far. Combined mileage OK at 22 mpg. The car handles very well and is fun to drive.

Integrated stereo/XM/nav/bluetooth is great, high perf engine, fun to drive, a rockin' TL. Great value and combination of style + value (loaded out the door). 

The stereo, navi and bluetooth make commuting a pleasure. And I still look back at it as I walk away.

Navi, XM, no a la carte pricing. It's all in there!

Self-determining headlights, seats, sound system, very attractive styling, reliability.

Like the balance struck between ride and handling. Very quiet. Interior fits me like a glove. 

Bluetooth and oh yeah, the kickin' stereo system! Nothing like it with whatever kind of music you want, from techno in a hot day to classical in a long drive along the countryside roads.

Bluetooth, navi, seats, audio system

Handling is phenomenal. It's so fun to drive. Nice options and features. Love the bluetooth and the voice recognition.

Bluetooth, navigation system, xenon headlights, lumbar support, sport shift and paddle shifters, brembo brakes, interior style, grey type-s rims, basically I love everything!

Reliability of the vehicle, drive, visibility.

Acceleration/handling! This little sucker is a blast to drive!

The 286 HP engine purrs nicely when you engage the manual shift/paddle shifters, obviously not as responsive to the peddle in straight auto config. Nav system is very intuitive. Love the fit and finish, comfortable ride.

Paddle shifters, sound system and BlueTooth

Blue Tooth, comfortable heated seats, seats, lumbar support, heated side view mirrors, nice fit and finish, HID headlights, attractive styling. 

Performance, economy - 20 plus mpg mixed driving audio system, Bluetooth, interior and exterior design.

navigation, xm-radio, paddle shifters, 

Solid everything, great stereo, luxury amenities and finish 

Bluetooth. Navi. LOOKS!

Comfortable seats, plenty of gizmos, XM radio, powerful engine, interior layout, overall looks.

Interior design and quality. Steering & handling. Great responsive braking. Smooth paint. Firm ride; great seats. Right size.

Low Price. Back-up camera. Interior design. Bi-xenon headlights.

Great GPS, audio everything and a fantastic blue tooth set-up. To be quite honest, there are too many favorite features to list. Just test drive one of these and you'll know what I mean.

I love voice recognition system and real time traffic updates. Sound system is great

