exterior?

I am so happy that I got the convertible. I ordered it so I could get it exactly as I wanted it in Vista Blue with the cloth top, 18" chrome wheels that come with GF Goodrich GForce 235 50 low profile tires. I also added the GT package to get the hood scoop and chrome tip exhaust. 

Powertrain. Sleeper appearance. Folding rear seats passes the bicycle test w/ rear wheel removed (the new Camero doesn't).

I love the Shaker 500 stereo - can't image what the 100 would be like! LOVE the drop top! And the fun to drive and run around in cannot be beat. The trunk space is surprising and so was the fact that the pass. seat won't completely recline - which is kinda weird. Nevertheless would buy another!

The 300 horses under the hood. Incredible handling. Good, retro looks. Engine that roars and backs it up. 

The air conditioning cabin air filter has helped my asthma and allergies. The gauges, controls, and switches are flawless, The engine, exhaust, brakes, and tranny are super heavy duty! 

handling, love hitting off ramps.

Pony Package Shaker 500 audio Overall design

Power from the small block V8. Handles well for a solid rear axle..just don't over do it in the hard corners with bumps.Very good fuel economy. Sound of the engine/exhaust.Ride, seats, shaker 500 is good, build quality, paint, 18 inch polished wheels,easy to maintain, tires,are all very good.

Handling is precise and sharp. Power that makes you feel it's an exension of yourself. Love that window closing automatically for the last inch. Great 500 shaker stereo system. Rear fold down seats are very practical.

Retro; unmistakable American Muscle Car look, nice interior design (not quality), leather seats, black carbon fiber dashboard look, convertible is a winner all the way.

Understated retro styling make this a very attractive car. Comfortable seating and quality materials used for the interior. Let's not forget the powerplant and its wonderful exhaust note. The handling is great, especially for a car with a solid rear axle. The ability to run 87 or 91 octane fuel.

It would be a really cool car if Honda, or Toyota had built it. The All-American Sports car is 65% made in Mexico and China.

Bullitt package extras well worth it. Front seats are spot on for a 6'/200 lb. guy. Engine and shifter just beg you to drive it hard. My two kids fit in the back seats. Ipod jack in the console is nice. Sound great. Understated styling works for a 40 year old.

Responsive acceleration in any gear, air vent design (found myself playing with them at stop lights), and customizable gauge color. 

Favorite feature is the awesome torque and HP of this free breathing engine. The exhaust note is just right. Not to loud but powerful enough to say it means business.

Suggested Improvements

RWD, V8 sound, torque, power, aftermarket, comfortable leather seats

Straight-forward styling (no scoops, wings, spoilers. Wheels and green metal flake paint look great together without screaming "look at me!"

Steering wheel, exterior design

Handling and styling are what I like most about the Mustang. The addition of a MP3 input and power jack in the center console are also nice additions additions. From a safety standpoint, the Mustang now has side airbags. The gauges are old style but I love them. I also like the fold down rear seats.

Acceleration and handling (but only with the performance kit - suspensions and TCS, and manual transmission), engine and exhaust rumble, shaker 1000 blast.

American made! Cool looking, good comfort, good performance, fun to drive good quality. It has over 5000 miles now, it got 29 mpg on a recent road trip! 

18" wheels. Stock exhaust reminds you what you're driving.

Power, sound, ride

The Dark Highland Green (DHG) and no rear spoiler. Plus the 18-inch wheels are very nice.



Color, radio, my new wheels, all the goodies I added. 

Power and sound

Classic blend of Mustang styling cues from past and present. Power, handling, audio system. My Color dashboard. Fun factor. 

Power, handling; brakes; sound system; interior upgrades; exterior syling is easy on the eye and timeless; paint quality; seats are comfortable; the aluminum polished wheels; transmission gates; the exhaust sound!

The engine rumble and acceleration.

Body style and seats. Sound system, steering, acceleration. Fuel economy big time, and build quaity. Solid structure mostly and the big trunk with folding rear seats is a bonus. Many aftermarket goodies available too. Very good meats on the wheels too, the BF Goodrich tires are fab.

My color feature. Bucket seats in the Bullitt are nice and comfortable. Ambient lighting, interior lights come on when it is dark so you can see to put the key in.

Power, power, and more power. Love the Bullitt gear from Ford Racing, it really makes the car sing. Particularly like plain look with no body badges. Gas mileage a surprise, had an Intrepid R/T before and this car gets similar mileage around town. 26.3 on a long trip in the Rockies.

Retro design. Handling and V6 performance. Gas mileage. Audio system Shaker system 500. 

Nice sounding engine, stereo system power and related features, trunk space that can hold 2 golf bags, understated retro styling, durable leather, 18 in wheels, seat warmers.

I love the overall interior and exterior design of the car. The engine sounds so sweet! 300hp is nice too. Convertible top seems to work well and I'm okay with the 5 speed auto. Nice to see there is some trunk space and the view under the hood with the plenum cover is sexy. Averaging 19mpg. Comfy

The exterior design

Handling, style, & character

Engine, body style, stereo, transmission, wheels, CA package, everything!

I really like the ability to change between 125 colors on the instrument backlight. But my favorite feature has to be getting 29mpg out of a V8 (just keep it under 60mph), especially one that uses only 87 octane!

Retro styling, V8 sound and power. Really fun and stress relieving. 

Minimalist look ~ it doesn't need a bunch of appliqués to look sinister. Lowering the suspension makes this thing really hug the road. The ride is a bit stiff with the tweaked suspension, but it has its purpose.

Ambient lighting, 2-tone interior, satelight radio, leather interior with leather steering wheel. I have added a few upgrade mods to the car, plenty of pep for me. I still get 23 mpg with an a/t. FRPP X-pipe, Borla Stingers, FRPP Bullit CAI w/ premium tune. She drives great and looks fantastic.

Classic look, great turning radius and good pickup for 210 HP.

Speed and handling.

Just about everything. Style is great. Not sluggish on take off.

V8 power, exhaust sound, styling, great sound system, cool retro dash styling.

Ambient lighting, MyColor display, HID headlights, Shaker 500 stereo with Sirrius radio and all that brushed bright work.

Retro 60's design, 2 tone interior, display panels, different lighting and display colors real cute. Great power (can't get enough of that). Solid sound system.

Engine sound when start up. I love the handling. Power is adequate for car with such a large engine. Radio and internal lighting is dynamic.

Dash(125 different colors), manual transmission, torque, sound, Shaker 500 stereo

5 speed manual, 300HP V-8, Fun to drive and no gimmicky styling

Mycolor feature. Shaker 500. V8 sound. Torque. Just plain fun to drive. I have had no problems with my GT. 

Iconic muscle car look with lot of history. Exhaust and engine note. Over the top LeMans stripes. MyColor dials and gauges. Shaker 500 is plenty of power and one of the better systems out there. Pony Pkg bezel fog lamps and 17" wheels. 

Paint colour, exterior styling, seats are great, and the my colour is fun

Acceleration, looks, 5 speed, hood scoop, sound system. 18 inch chrome wheels. So many things you can do to customize this car.

Power, looks

Shaker 500 is the best car audio system I've ever owned. Mycolor and ambient lighting are cool. Excellent fit and finish. Sharp color (vapor). Great view of the road. Gauges instead of idiot lights. Enough trunk space for a golf bag.

The power, muffler sound, shifter, MPG, handling.

Color, price, performance, handling, looks (real attention getter), sound

Responsiveness of the V6 is better than I thought. The MobileEaze is a must if you're buying a standard (and why would you not buy a standard?), but the person you're talking to will hear some static. The interior upgrade package with the heated leather seats might be my favorite part though...

My favorite is shifting the gears on the automatic and listening to it sounding like manual shifting.

The retro-looking dash, very comfortable interior, excellent sound system even with the top down(Shaker 500), sound of the exhaust, and acceleration. It appears to be a solidly-built car. Windveil Blue exterior color looks great with the black top/charcoal interior. As a bonus, made in the USA!

No badges, MEGA system, "secure" feeling-seating, beautiful to look at, flawless stance, rare, handles like a dream, superb traction thanks to the trction control. Go the black one. paint job spectacular, inconceivable ways to customize it

Performance and gas mileage are beyond expectations. She runs at 5 seconds to 60 and returns over 22 MPG for all around driving, up to 28 on the hwy. 

The sound. Overall driving experience.

Exterior design, torquey engine

Love that satellite radio, the shift stick throw is great, the heater a boom and there's enough power when I need it (60 - 80 mph)

Great looks, perfect quality

Shaker 1000, HIDs, m color.

Power. 300 ponies is all you need. Styling. A retro look with updated features. 18" polished wheels. Awesome. Sound system. My teenages love it, that tell you everything you need to know.

The GT/CS has really good looks. The extra money for the CS option was well worth the money. It has great power, and the interior is comfortable. 

Engine, its sound and response. I have driven this car into several corners as fast as any previous car and it has so far stuck. No burnouts yet.

Exhaust, Shaker 500 sound system

Power for the money, great looks, visabilty of the road from inside, and overall performance.

I like the Torque Thrust wheels, the exterior appearance. Interior My Color guage package is nice. Seating position is good, but car feels big because the doors are up so high beside you.

Power, looks, quality for type of automobile, stick-shift, no rattles, powerful audios, wheels.

