Monsoon Stereo, leather seats, power windows and cruise control to keep the cops from snagging me for not paying attention--it will run all day at 90 as smooth as at 65! Its a great tanning bed substitute

Power, body style, handling, traction is great. This car has the factory sport suspension, and limited slip differential. It is turbo charged, and gets 32-36 mpg. I like the feel and support of the seats. The sport pedals. The dealership gave me an exceptional deal.Car well treated, full of gas.

Monsoon radio--very nice Short throw shifter is less sluggish than I had expected Appearance with top down is awesome

Overall responsiveness, standard features, available options. The car is extremely well built, well-fitting parts, no creaks or groans at the joints or seams. 

Styling, handling

Body style and acceleration. For anyone not use to moving fast, this car can be a scary fast in the begining, but once you get comfortable, you feel as if your into a feral cat ready to pounce on all the mice (other cars)

The handling and looks. The 4 cylinder engine does a great job pushing this car down the road.

It is as one reviewer said..."Sitting in my own personal rocket ship, ready to take off in 5, 4, 3...

Performance. Hot. Really have to control yourself because everyone wants to race you. Just smile and ease on!

Handling. Power. Styling. Soft top is icing on the cake, and despite some negative comments, it is easy to put up and take down.

The looks of this little roadster is as one reviewer put it "mesmerizing". It handles great and there's no other feeling like it in the world when you are cruising on a warm summer night with the top down. She's pretty much loaded with the exception of ABS and auto trans - I love all of her features

Acceleration and body style. Its like sitting in a small rocket ready for launch at every stoplight.

Independent aluminum suspension.

The power is really fun. 

Really like it's wide stance, and the open feeling when the top is down.

Handling, performance, styling. We own a GTO and a G8 GT. The G8's a sophisticated lady, refined, lithe quick on her feet and very astute. The GTO is like a great red wine with a Wild Turkey chaser. This GXP is a twentysomething model with serious attitude. You'll fall stupid-in-love with her.

Style Style Style. As fun to drive as it is to look at. 

The outside looks so sporty. The way it handles on the highway and in curves is the best.

The feel of a true roadster. The clean slick body features.The hideaway top, nothing flapping in the wind except my toupee!

I opted for the GPX model because it had better fuel economy and more power. I have not been disappointed with my decision. My Solstice is averaging over 30 MPG which is better than the 28 MPG rating. It is great to come across a car that over delivers rather than under delivers.

Looks with the top down.

The looks and style and the ride itself is great.

Just sitting in it!

the looks the comfort the style the performance the speed the way the g-forces hold u n your seat the way it leaves the mustangs/miatas/gto's sitting at the stop light...embarrassed.

Exterior styling, good power, and handling.

The outside styling, the cool wheels and of course the cool deep blue color and overall performance. Look out all you other sissy roadsters.

The style.

Styling and engineering

Car design. The whistle of the turbo! and the subtle low exhaust and just says this thing is dangerous. 

Great looks and lots of power.

Exterior is hot! Love the unique design - wish BMW and Mercedes would design similar car. My black GXP turns heads! Great stereo system. MP3 hook-up is part of the package. Love the XM radio option. This sucker is fast!Comparing it to my Z4 3.0 (in sport mode), this car has faster pick-up

