Super-handling all-wheel-drive; build quality; engine precision; excellent satnav; intuitive voice commands; killer audio system; nighttime cabin lighting; excellent safety and crashworthiness

Backup camera, voice command system, rotating headlamps and the audio 5.1 surround sound system.

Navigation, AWD, steering, handling, Bose stereo system. The exterior design of the 2008 is better than the 2009 in my view. It is conservative and will stand the test of time easily. Love my optional wooden steering wheel - the right size and very easy to control.

Well handling. I am happy with the agility. When I touch the gas pedal, it moves. It is a good feeling after driving heavy American cars. It has every possible amenities and electronic gadgets. Good mileage is very important in these days as well. I liked auto adjusting headlights when cornering. 

Safety, reliability. Value was excellent when they were closing out. Compares well with BMW 535xi and Mercedes E350 4Matic, but at a street price about 25% less.

Ride, power, fuel economy and solidness, and everything else.

Everything

I love all the technology inside my car. Usable and user friendly. Amazing sound system and four wheel drive system is superior to others. Nothing safer on the road in my opinion.

Exterior design

The 4 wheel drive, gps, voice command, Bose stereo, noise suppression in the cabin, fit and finish is great. I love the dessert sand paint and matching interior.

The high tech features are amazing and easy to use. The GPS is excellent and the stereo is well amazing. Fit and finish is superb. 

Smooth ride, responsive handling, beautiful and comfortable interior, great stereo, many standard features which are options on other vehicles.

Handling, comfort and solid feel is the best I have driven, including BMW, Audi & lexus. Tech Package is very convenient as well.

Quiet ride, comfortable seats, and top quality of the material used for its interior.

Super all wheel drive. Keyless feature. Gas mileage. 

no doubt the all wheel drive. Better than my Audi had. Interior is first class. Roomier than it looks on the outside. Car is heavy and with two kids feel quite safe. Read about bad acceleration, but better than TL was and am acutally quite pleased with it. Interior has all the bells, whistles

Quiet ride, navigation and handsfree bluetooth system. Subtle exterior that does not draw attention.

Quiet ride, stereo system, comfortable driver's seat, keyless operation, hands free Bluetooth.

