Very reliable, drives well and good in the snow

AWD is nice, but you are lucky to get 20mpg highway; styling is so bland, you are invisible to cops, but sadly, also invisible to cute girls.

All Wheel Drive in the North East is key! 23 MPG highway, good acceleration. Sliding second seat with recline.

I love the interior of this car. The dashboard is beautiful and I think it has more features/gauges/lights and style than the other two cars I looked at, Cadillac SRX and Lincoln MKX.

Ride and handling, especially in ice and snow conditions. Seating comfort, and ease of entry.

AWD system is great; unique interior; head and shoulder room for driver is fantastic (I'm 6'1"); ease of rear seat folding; not everyone has one; puddle lights are a nice touch; iPod jack; 18" wheels are great; comfy/supportive seats.

Comfortable front seats. Secure handling. Large side mirrors for visibility. Excellent cargo room. One of the safest vehicles on the road. 

wonderful dash lights, gps, holds to the road well in curves, drives smoother loaded down, seat warmers, back tray, puddle lights 

Handling, ride. Shape & profile. 18" wheels and low aspect tires. Interior appointment, features & lighting, MP3 player dock, grocery bag holders, 110v outlets, mirrors that adjust to light. 

AWD, interior design, front seats, powerful engine, smooth shifting transmission. Engine uses regular gas unlike earlier models which used premium. 

Back-up camera, heated seats

Rear legroom, easy in/out of rear seats (so says the Mother), iPod jack, acceleration, exterior styling and great handling.

Reliability of Subaru vehicles, interior and exterior design, puddle lights, remote start, 3rd row seating, AWD.

Tracking, the car is very stable.

Dash/interior, XM satellite, AWD. Overall quality is good. Comfy seats. Nice SUV for the money.

Sharp exterior looks; comfortable driver's seat; 2008 0% finance rate; 2008 clearance prices; cargo room 

Size, handling, AWD. It has the power to head into the mountains packed with a family of five and all of our gear.

Comfortable seating, smooth and quiet ride, AWD for inclement weather, and XM radio.

XM radio, MP3 player, heated seats, third row seating, and comfortable ride as well as AWD

Cockpit dash, instruments, heated seats are great, stereo pretty good, confidence of AWD, seats are firm, and bottom cushion is not too short like on the Sienna we had.

Love the heated seat and windshield wiper units. The seats are so comfortable even in a 16 hr ride, which I do monthly from Colorado to Montana

Control placements, features, storage room, turn radius.

Handling, comfort, reliability of Subaru vehicles. Interior styling is excellent. Wife loves the puddle lights. Memory power seat is useful.

Design, comfort, reliability.

Unique car in traffic, great interior/exterior design, engine, build quality top notch.

AWD, large door mirrors, 7 seats!

AWD is great in snow/ice. Like you would expect in a Subaru. Ipod port, interior styling. New front end for 2008 as well as the bigger engine. Great value for the dollars spent.

The rear view camera, puddle lights, large side mirrors. Subaru's reliability. Stylish interior. Most of all I like the fact that I've been driving this car for a month and have not come across another 08 Tribeca on the streets. No doubt this won't be for long, but it's not bad to feel unique.

Back-up camera. Fit and finish. Fun to drive. Very predictable.

Interior front seat "cockpit" design is real nice. Navigation/information panel is helpful. 

Back up camera, duel temp control for front seats, car seat warmers, the place for my car jack is big enough to hold more emergency supplies and my kites, love the color and the big side mirrors.

Moonroof, never had one before.

Quiet. Smooth. Nice handling and breaking. Nice seating - should be aerated like LL Bean models. Fantastic reputation. Much much nicer looks. Simple clean lines. XM radio. No more blind spots. Door closing is solid.

Sport car type ride with excellent cornering and control.

Comfort, room, handsome leather interior, Subaru's all wheel drive and reputation for reliability and safety. Lots of versatility, including cupholders and bins. 

Ambient lighting on dash. Comfortable, quiet ride. Nicely appointed leather seating and interior trim. Puddle lights. Exterior/interior styling options. Subaru reliability and safety. The soft "Mercedes-like" thud the doors make when you shut them makes the car seem more expensive and luxurious.

Rear backup camera, it's a must. Climate controls, and panel ambient lighting. Heated seats that are downright therapeutic.

Full time all wheel drive is great as is traction control. Vehicle come completely loaded so you don't have to haggle about options. Interior is beautiful. Engine warms quickly, Love having the option between XM and Sirius. Love the puddle lights. Full warranty is a plus. Uses regular 87 octane gas.

Very quiet inside the cockpit. Love the award winning interior. Big difference when driving in Sport mode. Practical cup holders. Large mirrors are practical and do not take away from the sexy exterior.

Rear backup camera is very cool and works great to give you a clear view behind you even at night. Guidance markers that show the path of the car are great.

The ambient lighting. I thought it'd be hokey. It isn't. Rear view mirrors take in a wide area of viewing. Nice for passing. The exterior design doesn't draw much attention. Somewhat bland. But that's ok with me. Who needs attention? 

Heated mirrors, seats & wipers, standard AWD, trip info (MPG, time, etc), iPod connector, CD changer.



Safety features, confort, AWD, smooth drive.

Quiet. Smooth. iPod connector. Navigation.

Ride quality. Interior amenities. Styling. Plenty of room for kids and multiple adults (short trips). 

The tech pkg is great. So far the GPS maps seem accurate and the monitoring system is awesome.

Front seat comfort, I am 6'4" and my wife is 5', it is really comfortable for either to drive. The sound system is as good as any premium unit I have had in other vehicles.

AWD, XM radio, Homelink for the garage door, 5 star safety rating across the board

Dash, memory seats, head room.

Good power and mileage. Satellite radio.

Ambient lighting, remote start, puddle lights, interior, limo style 2nd row leg room.

Boxer engine, low cg, unique and stylish interior, Subaru durability, quality and reliability. Better than expected mpg. Lots of leg room for tall people. Smooth and quiet engine and tranny. Has ten airbags, five star crash ratings, with VDC stability control, should be very safe. 87 octane!



The new engine and transmission. Plus the iPod plug in. Oh yes and running on normal unleaded gasoline, not the premium like the 06.

Interior design and sportshift option.

