Zippy V6, Better than expected towing performance, great audio pkg (have added XM), lots of passenger and cargo room.

The storage in the trunk its great for cold items, the ipod jack is hidden so you don't have to have your ipod on display.

Ipod Jack, leather seats, handsfree system, and handling.

Powerful V6, ample interior space, fuel economy, turning radius, exterior styling, cargo area rear-seat releases, below-deck cargo storage, dual climate controls, rear-door mounted full-sized spared tire (Thanks, Toyota, for not making me lie on the ground while unapologetic, 80- mph cars whiz by).

Me: strong engine, xlnt finish, great gas mileage, solid "car" feel, sound system, 4W-dr stability, good visibility, roomy. Wife: Engine, heated lthr seats, mileage, safety features, visibility, dependability.

MP3 jack. Cargo space can be configured so many ways. V6 power is awesome. Brakes are great. Back seat leg room is HUGE and adjustable. 2 glove compartments.

Performance. Resale. Economy.

V6 engine (very nice), just about everything else is good except the heater.

Powerful V6, almost too powerful for the suspension. Leather seats are firm, but comfortable. 3rd row seats flip up individually, so you can still transport a large, long item with three kids still seated by flipping down only one side of the middle and 3rd row. Note the 3rd row is only for kids.

performance of V6 engine, fuel economy

AWD is handy in the snowy northeast, very peppy V6, surprisingly roomy interior with the 3rd row stowed into the floor. The optional 3rd row works well with young kids but *one* adult can't really sit back there for more than short trips. Gas mileage is about 24mpg combined town/highway.

Excellent agile handling, quick.

Comfortable seats, quiet ride and lots of zip. The JBL sound system is excellent. Barcelona Red is a great color.

The Bluetooth is terrific! Luckily they set it up at the dealership, since I understand the pairing is the toughest thing. The voice-prompts make operation idiot-proof. Blizzard Pearl white looks terrific--it's like a different shade every time you look. Taupe leather interior also a must! 

Elegant and tougher (than CRV/Rogue) look. Impressive handling. Plenty storage space and fold down seat. Huge side-opening back door and back mounted spair tire.

Since this is my first SUV, it would be the cargo space. I fit a 6 foot bookcase in. Saved me from renting a truck or paying for delivery

Very adjustable driver's seat. Smooth acceleration. Getting about 24.5 mpg city/highway combined. Dual climate control. Rear seat (2nd row) folds down to make a flat surface in back. Makes for a lot of room if needed.

I love the power of the V6 and the solid but quiet ride. Very comfortable car.

Gorgeous Barcelona Red color; airbags/ 4wd provide security; good leg room; sporty look; nice lines; large cargo space with "privacy areas" for packages; radio controls in steering wheel; good radio, dual air control for driver and passenger, sun roof & sturdy rack. Love the rear door appearance.

Hidden compartment under the floor boards. Skid plate over the vulnerable parts underneath. Black color looks great with the 18 inch aluminum wheels. The rear seats fold flat allowing me to sleep inside when camping out. Temperature display on dashboard is a nice feature. 

Sport suspension, auto-off headlights, roof rack, 18" wheels, electric power steering, 3.5L 269hp V6, 4WD, 5spd automatic, 3500 lbs towing capacity, supportive headrests, 1-touch power windows and roof, hidden compartments, dash design, good brakes, gas consumption, decent assist & stability control.

Style, handling, Barcelona Red (candy apple red for us old guys) paint, roominess, quietness from road noise, unable to hear engine. A lot of research went into decision for new car and this is right choice for us.

I'm probably one of a few people who like the side opening back door! Also like the foot lighting, the BT and the stereo system. There's plenty of big & little storage places. One of my main considerations is the safety features.

Comfort, performance, and value.

Built in Bluetooth phone. Extra space below trunk, as spare tire is outside. Speakers including subwoofer.

Exterior styling, quickness and gas mileage.



The dual temperature control, the high performance V6 and the quality leather interior.

 The great handling and looks, XM radio with premium JBL 9 speaker and subwoofer, powerful and smooth V6, plenty of storage with fold down seating, daytime running lights, and beautiful Savannah color, all the standard options with the limited. Fun to drive.

New car smell. Which is only temporary, of course.

269 HP!!!! JBL subwoofer, 4WD, VSC

engine is great. cargo area is quite spacious. 6 disc CD and audio system is nice.

Bluetooth, aux in, steering controls, audio system with subwoofer.

Comfort, leather heated seats, nice looking.

High resale value. Reliability. Only SUV this size and price that was seriously set up to tow 3500# without heroics. It's a Camry on steroids. 

Pleased with the fuel economy. The arrangement of space in rear seats and behind the rear seats is great. 5- speed AT allows you to select the appropriate gear when climbing or descending steep grades. I like the space saved with the externally mounted spare tire.

anti-skid, auto 4WD, clearance, roomy interior, spar tire on back, dual climate control, iPod hook up

Interior room; peppy engine; sliding rear seats allowing for massive amount of legroom for rear passengers; fun to drive for a 4 cyl suv.

AC controls are large. Low lift in to back area. Easy to get into. Good pickup. Great visibility.

4wd, V6 engine, 269 horses, multi disk player is nice too. Love having a full size spare. I travel a lot on highway and don't worry about a flat especially in bad weather. I know the spare will handle the elements.

Hot little engine, lots of storage.

The folding and adjustable rear seats, the 6 disc changer, gas is great.

The engine and trans. Great performance in the snow. Sliding rear seats.

Nice ride, easy/tight handling (easy to parallel park). 3rd row seat. Good gas mileage and responsive acceleration for a 4 cylinder. Toyota quality and safety record is impressive so far.

Powerful V6 engine that gets nearly as good of gas mileage as the 4-cyl, roomy interior, 3rd row is great for the kids, tight turn radius, practical yet fun to drive.

Spacious, comfortable, nice ride, peppy

Heated leather seats, fuel economy, power, looks, comfort, pretty much impressed with the whole lot.

Power seat, adjustable steering wheel, dashboard, plenty of room and lots of storage from front to back, quiet ride, gas mileage, great acceleration, rear door entry, push-button back row seats lay-down, lumbar support... too many to mention.

The V6 engine! And plush interior (fully loaded Limited version)

The whole car

Interior space. Driving position. Visibility. Comfort. Exterior appearance.

Good size if you like suv but need MPG. 3.5L engine is great.

Seats: 2nd row forward/back adjustability; 3rd row split seats are great. V6 option. Fuel economy and fuel grade requirement. Responsive handling. OK turning radius. Good visibility all around. Functionality for size.

Daytime running lights. All wheel drive.



Everything!! Moonroof, 18" alloys, interior, exterior, everything!

JBL sound system, V6, multiposition rear seatbacks, overall fit and finish, quiet ride, strong A/C and heating system

Powerful V6 engine, solid frame & nice handling. Spacious 2nd row and hidden storage (without the optional 3rd row seat).

Reliable.

Power seats, blue tooth capability for cell phone, hook up for my iPod, and moon roof.

Exterior design, fuel economy, daytime running lights, smooth and comfortable ride 

Comfort, space, MPG, quality, all of the standard features, and it seems very durable. I fit fine even though I am 6'3". Just in general, it is such a good car.

Powerful and smooth V6 needs only regular gas, Bluetooth, MP3 player, comfortable seats (I am 5'7") with good driver lumbar support, lots of all around interior space given its exterior size. Especially love the hidden compartments under the cargo floor. Yes, Blizzard Pearl color rules!

3rd row is my fav! Love the extra glove box too. Great idea to put functional cup holders for almost all the seats in the car. Orange lights on radio and cup holders is cool 

Many.

Powerful engine, smooth ride, excellent auto transmission, great interior, JBL sound system. This SUV rocks.

Moon roof, sound system, fold flat rear seats. Bluetooth. 

Standard fog lamps, big wheels, big side mirrors.

Sharp looks and better power than older models. Had an '03 and this one seems to have better pickup than my previous model. This one is much less of a "girlie" model!

Interior room is much bigger than the exterior suggests. The V6 power is fun and helpful when passing on 2-lane highways, with little or no gas mileage penalty compared to 4-cyl. models. Seat is very comfortable. Large storage compartment under the rear deck (without 3rd row seats) is very handy.

Power and performance, styling, decent gas mileage, third row seats, bluetooth, dual climate control. Did I mention the monstrous performance - it's an SUV... Sportscar Utility Vehicle!

Quick acceleration. Front two cupholders are lighted. Fold down rear seats. Sport rims are awesome looking. Attractive exterior/lines of vehicle. Two glove boxes. Number of cupholders. Tow prep package.

Cargo space and large hidden compartment space. Lots of room for a small truck. Decent gas mileage.

Power, good mileage, user friendly interior, bluetooth in radio, good looks (Classic silver color), side open tailgate.

(See earlier review)

I do not like to drive without music. I absolutely love the jack inside the console for my iPod. Now instead of CDs and CD cases everywhere, all I need is my iPod where I can shuffle 2,000 songs. Love the cargo space and dual glove compartments. Love the exterior. Handling is great!

Looks great, rides great on highway, lots of power on V6; great hidden storage in rear cargo compartment; almost no blind spot; ability to move second row seats forward/backward/recline

Power

Bluetooth, power seats and moonroof. Love the net and cover in the back and the rear door. Murano door was hard to lift. Love the two dash compartments.

V6 power, storage, and styling

Cargo room, audio controls on steering wheel, V6. (It's just fun to drive!!)

Rear door entry, solid-well built, good mpg for an AWD SUV, nice styling, fold- flat rear seats, rear sub-floor storage compartment, lighted vanity mirrors, dual dash storage on passenger side, rides solid, great drive handling feel, good seats, 17" wheels, 4 wheel disc brakes, quiet for base model.

Pep, handling, all the storage

Power adjustable seat, large outside mirrors, high seating position, front- end style, easy entry and exit, short turning radius, convenient controls, high clearance (bumpers do not scrape on concrete parking guides). 

Never thought much about a 6-CD changer and love the convenience. Roof rack standard - a small thing - but a $500 extra on CRV. Have used it a lot since downsizing from a truck. Very handy. 

Engine response, acceleration, and handling. Very smooth ride. Bluetooth phone capability (truly amazing). Aux input for mp3 player. Rear hidden storage. MPG. Well lit interior. Speaker system. 

Acceleration, handling - just plain fun to drive.

Heated seats and bluetooth

I am 6'2" and find the seats are great. Sound system is fine. 

Power, smooth as silk transmission, fun to drive and great gas mileage.

V6, Bluetooth, heated seats, tight steering, mileage, JBL system with MP3 connection, sunroof.

Excellent acceleration off the line and the mpg of a 4 cylinder SUV. Merges effortlessly onto the highway. Traction and stability control are reassuring as are the 6 airbags. 

Barcellona Red Metallic color. V6 engine. 17" wheels. Roof rack.

Quickness, handling, comfort, fuel economy.

Looks, the storage in the rear, performance and Toyota quality. Not sure why everyone has to knock the back door. Putting the tire on the outside gives the RAV best in class in storage.

Lots of power; fun to drive; shiftronic transmission.

Very comfortable seats. Handles very well.

Fuel economy (avg. 25 mpg), cargo room, styling, reliability.

Handling, quickness and nimble. Interior space. I have large breed dogs and it's tough to fit them all into a vehicle. I can fit my Pyr and Lab in there, without a problem. The gas mileage is very good so far -26 MPG. Comfort is good. I can fit large folks in this car without problem.

The single lever fold flat seats and all the storage areas.

Storage under the floor in the back, easy fold down back seats, nice design

V6, height adjustable driver?s seat.

5 speed auto, automatic fold flat seats, easy to use controls for all systems, cargo area height and room, 18" wheels w/full size spare, ultra quiet power sunroof.

I feel very safe with the TRAC system. The height of the ride is really nice. It has a tight steering wheel.

The V6 power, cup holders (10), rear storage space under the cargo floor, double glove box, two compartment center console, 18" mag wheels, space at the rear.

Telescoping steering wheel, simple controls, lots of storage (particularly the under-floor trunk), back seat large enough for tall and big adults (front seat less so), good head room, fold flat rear seating.

Everything- love the iPod connection; Bluetooth setup was a breeze and using it is easy as well. NEVER thought I'd use heated seats in CA, but I haven't shut them off since I got the car. Tons of space!

I love the easy-drop-down rear seat feature. I also like the cockpit layout. The controls seem very logically placed, so I can just take a quick glance to change a control setting. I also really like the high-bright lighting of the controls for daytime visibility.

Traction control, stability control and 4WD. MP3 CD and iPod hook up.

Tilt wheel, lea seats, inside space,smooth and powerful v6 engine, headroom,

