Radio and rubber floors.

The all around utility of the vehicle for my active lifestyle that still allows me Honda quality and reliability. The ride height and comfort are a plus for a small vehicle and cargo room is second to none. Getting the Honda certified used warranty for 100,000 miles was the icing on the cake.

Access into the sides and back is great. Very comfortable for me and wife and daughter and we are all big. The bungie cord systems attached to the back of the seats are great to secure items.

Versatility, plain and simple.

The waterproof interior, amazing cargo space, great gas mileage, and overall comfortable drive/ride!

Simple, efficient 4 cylinder with easy maintenance, unbelievable storage space, urethane flooring, waterproof seats, rear doors make great tailgate with roof for tailgating, storage nooks, pleasant ride, seats and steering wheel that can be manipulated for any size driver, good SUV carbon footprint.

Stereo, AWD, functionality, great winter handling.

No carpet makes it easy to keep clean. Easy to clean fabric on seats. Huge cargo area; suicide doors and clamshell opening in rear make it easy to load big or awkward cargo.

Funky goofy look. All doors....suicide side doors and the back clamshell. Rubber floor, no mats! Also love how high I can make the driver's seat.

Interior room, rear seat options, rubber floor, exterior style, handling, stereo, all seats lay completely flat, power for a 4 cyl, safety features... COMPLETE PACKAGE.

The versatility, looks, power, handling.

I love the treatment on the seats, it's great when you have kids!

The seats come out or strap up to give van style room. Clam shell rear hatch rather than that huge top hinge on some wagons. It's so ugly that it tips to cute (I can't believe I said that). And it looks good in black. It's a pretty good ute for a homeowner and short trips.

clam shell rear access with a big open mouth and removable seats.

Interior space, stereo, comfort. Rides surprisingly nice. Power locks on the passenger side would be nice.

Color, styling, handling, versatility, features, large, deep center console, XM radio with great sound system. Ride is very comfortable, even with the lower profile tires. Performance is peppy and fuel mileage has been 25-27 all around. Lots of bang for the buck & Honda quality and reliability.

I'm 6'4" and I fit like a first class seat on a airplane. Can fit two bikes and three persons inside. Fun to drive.

This vehicle is functional, functional, functional. Look at the SC model or CR-V if you want more car like interior features. Easy to clean flooring, 270 watt stereo w/ sub- woofer, mp3 jack, 1-touch driver side window power up/down, well thought out functional design. Cargo capacity, AWD, color.

rubber floor and stain resistant seat. Very versatile interior features.

EXCELLENT headroom Plenty of space for most basic uses Comfortable

Fits a lot of stuff, good in bad weather as long as snow's not too deep. 

cargo area, head/leg room, AWD 

interior space, road visibility, gas mileage for an SUV, handling, audio system, wipe clean seats and interior.

Love the upscale feel. The wheels, full colored body panels, interior features, the radio with built in subs.

Steering, electronics and dash.

Easy to clean, tons of space, great for an outdoor lifestyle and tailgating at the game. Back seats fold up or remove completely with ease. 

Flexibility of interior. Although a little hesitant initially, I really like the rubber flooring. Makes cleanup a breeze. XM radio, 4WD, responsive engine and comfortable seating.

Hands down the completely waterproof and easy clean interior. Love how open it is. Sight lines while driving are incredible with almost no obstructed views or blind spots. Very peppy for a 4 banger and the trans shifts like a beemer. HUGE improvement painting all of the plastics on the EX.

The car is fun to drive, has an European type feel. The spaciousness of the cabin, the practical appointments and function is perfect for transporting pets and kids. Were it not for the glass breakage problem that has me confounded and out of pocket a lot of money, I'd give a glowing report. 

Love this cars interior because I own a dog. So easy to keep clean. Bucket of hot water, windex and a sponge and your done. 

XM Radio is by far my favorite. But I love how you can move the seats around and take them out as well. Plus being able to just hose it out is great too.

high rear seats that our kids love, the roominess, the rubber flooring

Love the look. Ok, it's a little different from the norm, but that adds to it's appeal (in my humble opinion). The back seats that fold up on the walls, can't beat it! Handles well, gets up to interstate speed no problem, comfortable enough, gas mileage OK, not great but OK. Turning and parking.

I enjoy driving this car. It has very good pick-up if you want it. The Element has a small turn radius. I am very happy with the fuel consumption. It could be better but I will not complain.

Radio Controller steering wheel, Plastic easy to Clean interior , gauges light , rear seats foldable or removable 

Comfort of seats, easy to clean, lots of room.

I like the suicide doors it keeps my 8 year old in check, the rear seats fold up or can be removed for more storage. 

Chairs/beds and the radio. I also like the layout of the gauges and dashboard.

Easy clean interior, wide opening "suicide" doors--- on both sides. 

XMI radio, suicide doors,plastic inside for easy cleaning,roominess, and great handling!

The unique style, very comfortable seats, great 5 speed manual transmission, good sound system, seating configuration flexibility, east to read display, easy to clean interior, great handling. 

Different look, cool interior, great head room, fun to drive.

Sitting up high above the traffic, large comfy seats and loads of space. 

Flexibility

NO carpet! XM Radio, Firm and yet comfortable seats. Lots of usable cargo carrying capacity.

much space, for a small car

Interior room and finish materials. Comfortable seats. Rear tailgate. Suicide side doors allow wide open pass through.

XMRadio, adjustable seating, waterproof seats, engine is better than expected (power and torque), radio controls on the steering wheel (don't buy one without it).

Easy to clean,lots of cargo space,lot of space for tall people (my 6 ft tall friend fits comfortably, easy to drive (very light),cool and different interior design,removal seats,waterproof seats, gas mileage (19-24 mpg in traffic) and reliability.

 #1 Honda reliability, great stereo, i pod connection, suicide doors, easy to clean interior, tons of room, AWD great in the snow and rain, small footprint, fits well in the driveway, quirky looks, my son loves the rear sunroof, also likes that he sits up high in the backseat, great crash test ratings.

Good power for daily driving, easy to clean, flat floors, good for dogs, a lot of head room, good interior, a lot of places to store items, XM radio, keyless entry, privacy glass, removable rear seats, many configurations.

Roomy, mileage, versatile, resale, reliability, radio 270 watt does well. Took the rear seats out right after we got it home and the extra room is just wonderful.

Open interior for multiple configuration of cargo. No blind spots. AWD kicks in when needed. I dont have to manually select it. Turns on a dime.

The rubber floor, interior and exterior styling, sound system, and durability/reliability.

Where do I start. XM, iPod jack, simple interior, storage, peppy, fun to drive, the color ROOT BEER.

I have no one feature that is my favorite. It is a thoughtfully designed vehicle that rides and handles like a dream. 

The rear seat configurations. The awesome stereo system with built in factory subwoofer. The durability of the interior and ease to keep clean. Have not had ONE problem with it yet.

The wide doors and the rear sunroof. I love that the rear seats can be folded against the side of the vehicle. All the cargo space. It may not be the sleekest car but it does everything right. 

High roof and wide front doors. Clear 360 degree views.

The ex stereo and XM radio. Flat floor,multiple rear seat combinations. Nice front seats. Great head room.

The roomy interior & the AWD.

The audio sounds great - subwoofer/bass are good. High speed handling surprised me for such a tall vehicle and everything inside is well positioned. The tilt-up, lay flat, removable rear seats give it a great dual-personality. Mileage is ~22-25mpg in 1st 1000 miles.

