DVD system, the heated power seats LTZ model, mp3 player connection, 

Styling, smooth ride, good gas mileage, 

DVD player, Captain's Chairs, My 22 inch GM chrome wheel package, and all of the other available accessories GM offers to customize your truck. Gas mileage is good.

I love the seat heaters and the memory seats. The automatic tailgate is great. Car start is great for NJ winters.

Styling, very quick and powerful air conditioning and heat, adjustable pedals, remote start, and rear wiper.

Ride quality, radio, great looking, and super comfy

Love the XM radio, remote start, the beefy 5.3L V8 and the color (Blue granite metallic)

Love them all - except for the nav system and the 3rd row seating for midgets.

Soft ride, strong engine, OnStar

Interior upgrades from previous years.

XM radio, navigation and DVD package. Also like the 20" wheels

Interior's nice, drives smoothly, wood grain design, push button everything, 6 disc changer, TV for kids, individual a/c temp. controls.



Power liftgate is a must. 

2nd row captain's chairs, power 2nd row seats, love the power liftgate

Active fuel management and flexfuel capabilities.

Nice leather, wheels, paint, dual climate zone, nice stereo and the back up sensors.

XM, OnStar, beautiful interior that's whisper quiet, remote start, heated leather, lots of power, FlexFuel, 

XM integration, rear seat DVD with wireless headphones, power liftgate, remote engine start, auto folding middle seats (got the Captains Chair second row...highly recommend). Rear seat heaters. Navigation is easy to use

Overall exterior appearance is beautiful! 20" wheels (although they are a rip-off at an option price of $1500), Nav, DVD player, XM, power rear lift gate, comfy seats, overall power but GM needs to ditch the old 4 speed and go with a more modern 5 or 6 speed.

Customizable settings set by driver for pwr locks, pwr mirrors (curbtilt in reverse), daytime lights, driver seat exit feature - just to name a few. Bucket seats offer excellent comfort and pwr options, int door panels appear to be made of excellent, long- lasting materials (no fade or peel anticipated)

Comfortable drive, just like first class on an airplane. Great seating position, sound, XM, visability.

OnStar system, nav system, rear backup sensors and camera, side airbags for all passenger areas. 

Bose system, tow package, ride

Touch screen navigation is easy to operate. Remote start with preset temperature controls is a great feature. Tire pressure monitor. Heated windshield washer fluid. The little strip on top of the console between front seats is perfect for cell phone. Power folding outside mirrors. Park assist is very nice

Navigation system, XM satelite radio, OnStar, power tailgate, DVD player

Love the new exterior and interior changes with this model. So many features to enjoy from auto-start, auto-rear hatch opener, touch screen navigation/stereo/dvd display. Bought to use for hunting/golf trips, but passes for "Sexy Sport". Can't wait to roll with the windows down and the sunroof back.

Bigger size than previous Tahoe. Key fob with electric start. auto 4 wheel drive.

Standard navigation in LTZ, and power deployed side steps.

Heated seats (all 4), Navigation & DVD for the kids. Chrome wheels are very good looking. Rear lift gate (auto) is a nice feature. 

20 mpg highway in 2wd

Great looking SUV. Much nicer interior. XM builtin. improved Leather. Rear parking sensor a plus. Smooth quiet ride. Actually like new front buckets without the armrests better. Flex fuel is useless. Fuel mgt seems to be a gimmick. same mpg as yukon. Doesn't stay in 4 cyl mode long enough. 

On Star, leather seats, fuel efficient and powerful engine, wheels, grille, wood interior, remote liftgate and start. E85 capable, 4x4, stability control, navigation



Rear camera and dual controls for the AC/Heat for driver and front passenger are a welcome addition. All the entertainment package is in one place on a touch screen...really nice. Of course, OnStar is great and not available on Ford models.

Great looks. Great build quality. LTZ has every feature you could ever want and some. Remote start is wonderful in Texas summers and has enabled me to get an ebony interior without worrying about it getting too hot.

Interior layout and comfort. OnStar pretty cool but then it's new to me. I like the 20" tires. Exterior looks great.

