Build quality and attention to detail. Trunk and bed liner.

Navigation, rear trunk, and spacious cab.

Bed trunk, power, interior size

Totally legit backseat. A TRUNK (with a drain plug in case you want to use it as a COOLER)! LOTS of interior storage. Comfort. Versatility. Style.

Looks, drive comfort, trunk bed (probably the best feature found in any truck), AWD system works very well in snow.

Only things I like about the truck is the comfort and style.

Stereo system is great! Steering wheel controls are great. In-bed trunk has been a god send!



In-bed trunk, all four windows can go down using the key remote, lots of storage, fold up back seats, tailgate that swings out and folds down and sliding rear window. Full front/side airbags. Safety features.

The in bed trunk is very cool. My family and I (4) were able to store 4 bags in it for a week long road trip. If you really need space you can store the spare in the bed and get even more room.

The interior setup and trunk in the bed (great idea). I also love the radio in this truck, sounds great! The cloth is made of top quality material and the color (brown) want show dirt easily.

Size, handling, comfort, versatility, Honda quality.

Interior storage compartments, exterior styling grows on you, bed tie downs and size and in bed trunk. Overall interior layout, mileage and ride quality.

Handling and ride on the road is better than any other truck. Driving in snow and rain is awesome. Interior and inbed storage are very useful for regular life stuff.

In-bed trunk, styling, flat floor bed, comfort, luxury amenities, etc.

Huge in bed trunk (really overall storage design in vehicle), dual position bed extender, heated seats/mirrors.

18.24 mpg on first half tank, automatic 4x4! lots of space inside and back, lockable trunk, two way to open back door, instruments layout, power back window, smoooooth ride for a truck, folding back seat. The whole family loves this truck.

Entire truck especially truck for the summer. It takes 6 bags of ice to fill it up.

All the storage features - inside and out! Plus, to be able to take my family (two kids under 3), and stow strollers and diaper bags - without even having to leave exposed in the truck bed - awesome!

Trunk is GREAT! Under rear seat storage, cold A/C, smooth engine, good brakes, Michelins, great in the rain, bed hooks work well with tie downs.

Roomy cabin, comfortable seats, in-bed trunk. Handles great in inclement weather. The V-6 feels as strong as many of the small V-8 trucks I have had in the past. 

Pure genius in their design. Every nook and cranny wisely used; more comfortable than any other truck in this class; I can see just fine out all windows; only tuck in this class with a three headrests in the back; three fit comfortably in the back- try that with some of the others (Dodge excluded)

In bed "trunk", lots of storage, rides great.

Smooth & efficient V6. Lots of storage. Kind of ugly-different. Reliability and resale should be very good. Ventilation with the sunroof & back windshield open.

Comfort, functional bed and trunk, sound system, heated leather seats, towing, navi system, unusual looks

Ride comfort and interior layout; inbed trunk.

Sunroof, Trunk ( especially the truck it takes 6 bags of ice and load up your favorite beverages and get the party started), back sliding window and roominess. 2 way tailgate door

Leather interior with supportive seats, HUGE Trunk locks and seals, 2 way tailgate, protected Spare tire,room for ADULTS front and rear, excellent handling, and performance, value for dollar spent. 

Trunk, power rear window, cabin space, Michelins, handling, brakes, cold AC, overall functionality. Tows better than I thought

Interior comfort; ride; trunk

Nav system, quality of ride.

Rear Air, trunk space,and the ability to lift the rear seat out of the way for extra storage.

trunk in bed, safety features.

dual action tailgate, in bed trunk

Trunk, its different looking, storage in the cab, AWD, drives like a car with no torque steer, stable platform great in bad weather (TS Fey & Hurricane Gustav), wife loves to drive, power sliding rear window, 4 wheel independent suspension and cheaper than a Taco. Go drive one...

Trunk in bed, interior room, folding back seats, multiple compartments, lights inside bed, smooth ride, power back window

Fold up rear seats, in-bed trunk , Very roomy interior, Dual action tailgate and the color is amazing. Love the radio and the dash display is cool too.

nav, use ability of the bed and under the bed. Plenty of storage for carrying whatever!! Drives really nice especially considering the state of the roads here in New Orleans

We love the in bed trunk, under seat storage and huge center console.

Tailgate, 4 doors, electric rear window 

Interior design, dual opening tailgate, storage in truck bed.

Handling, kid friendly, tailgate opening two ways, ergonomics are excellent

I like the fact you can put down the windows from the keyless entry. The dual action tailgate and in bed trunk is a terrific idea.

VTM-4, dent resistant bed, trunk, fold-up back seats and gas mileage.

In bed trunk, dual action tailgate, quality Michelin tires, quiet ride, versatile center console, premium sound, comfort, power rear window

The best feature of this truck is its non-truck-like ride. It's basically a tall Honda Accord behind the wheel. 4-wheel drive is awesome and has not left me stranded yet. The power is fair and the interior is not Mercedes level, but perfectly fine for what this vehicle does.

In bed trunk, dual opening tailgate. Little touches like the interior lights going on when you turn the key off. Very visible gauges, all kinds of storage. Radio picks up stations over 200 miles away1

After a long, hard winter with much more snow than usual, the VTM4 AWD system did a great job. Never once did I feel any loss of traction, even on very icy roads, and that's with the stock Michelin LTX M/S tires. Dedicated snow tires would be even better.

Under floor trunk in the cargo area. 

Ice Chest, tons of storage compartments, AWD, and the electric sliding glass in the rear.

Air conditioning vents in the back seat make the desert heat of Arizona an after thought for rear passengers. The tie downs in the bed work well for a couple dirt bikes or a quad.

Functional storage areas, great handling, smooth engine and ride quality, solid and dependable.

Hidden trunk, rear seat comfort, traction in snow and on ice. Swing out tailgate makes reaching items in the bed so much easier. Storage under the rear seats is substantial.

I love the dual action tailgate, swing open, or swing down. For a truck, it rides extremely well. The fold up seats in the rear are nice options. I love the trunk space in the bed...nice option!

4WD - Ride Quality, Looks, and Handling...

The seats are comfortable, the composite bed and locking storage is a very nice feature. I need the lumbar support and really like the electronic seat adjustments. The tailgate that opens 2 ways, that is nice. The electric rear window that slides open is a nice feature as well. Storage is good.



In box trunk, rear seat room, functional dash and intelligent interior design and handling.

It's a truck that drives like an Accord, you can program all the doors to unlock with PARK. Its a HONDA

Trunk, ride, sound system great for a base truck, back seat features, all the cubbies, fit and finish, standard features

I love the trunk and the swing out tailgate. It is great for groceries, camping gear, but the rack on top is great too. I havea pontoon so the bed extender works like a charm easy to load and easy to tie down. I like the drive seat movement and the 6 CD changer. 

Everything.

Comfort, ease of driving, stability

The fact that its front wheel drive until it senses traction loss then all wheel drive kicks in seamlessly. Quiet cabin even at 80 mph. Very smooth ride.

Rear trunk, comfort, fit and finish second to none. Heated leather seats. Honda reliability at a good price. Gobs of interior storage and no annoying hump!

The in bed trunk and the spacious cabin plus storage space under the rear seats

Carlike ride, roomy comfortable interior, body styling, in-bed trunk, swing tail gate and smooth powertrain.

All of the comfort features, nice design for a big man, fits family of four easily, and the hidden storage/cooler/trunk.

Heated seats & mirrors, Nav, flat floors, flip up seats, voice control, dual climate control, dashboard lighting, pwr rear slider, in bed trunk (of course), hidden wipers, no ugly cheap stick antenna like GM, and never having to go under the hood to fix it.

in bed trunk, gray painted alloy wheels 

My favorite feature is the trunk in the bed. I can put my smaller items in the trunk and the bigger items in the bed. With the smaller items in the trunk they are out of the weather and locked when the truck is vacant. 

Fold up rear seats give plenty of room in the back...can fit my Trek Madone inside the back w/o removing the wheels!, In bed trunk, Power/Heated seats, Power sliding rear window, Auto temp control, The ability to program how the doors are locked/unlocked when put into Park.

Looks, Ride, vehicle ability

Ride, quietness, roominess, versatility, storage space, trunk

Navi, in-bed trunk, fold up rear seats, and power sliding rear window.

Trunk in bed, uncanny storage inside, super strong motor, fuel economy, interior room, ride and overall quality

Cabin space, storage features and the navigation system with voice control (you can use verbal commands to operate the navigation, audio and climate control systems) are all well thought out. Rides and handles well on both straight and twisty roads.

Trunk, varriable tourque management, 20 mpg, flat floor design, dual action tailgate, extremely well done build quality, RTL interior with great dual zone heater, smooth transmission while still keeping a strong low gear in 1st.

Ride comfort, versatility, under bed lockable/weather proof storage, reliability, and overall enjoyable driving experience. 

Dual climate control, sound system and for the most part drives as a front wheel drive car. Giant cooler in the hidden trunk.



Truck bed, flip-down and swinging gate, trunk under truck bed and big/simple contols on dash.

Overall Honda quality of fit and finish, locking bed trunk, fold up rear seats, composite bed liner (the best!), on demand 4-WD (idiot proof).

Storage trunk in the bed. Two way rear door. Power sliding rear window.

Everything works for me.

