MPG quality performance

It gets great gas mileage, The sliding doors and the manual transmission.

Does not drive like a minivan, it has a lot of pep and moves like a small car. The stereo 6-CD changer and the sliding doors 

fodable third row. dual a/c. automatic and manual transmission. design. 6 cd changer. 

I like the shape. Has a sporty look. 

Unique exterior styling. Great handling.

Quiet, smooth ride. Easy to handle. Gas mileage is fair. With A/C in summer average 22 mpg. Other times of year, best I saw was 29 mpg.

Handling, features on the Grand Touring like Bluetooth and Xenon headlamps, fuel mileage, the hiding places in the interior,exterior styling. The 5 is still fairly rare in my area, so I don't see another one everyday,which is kinda fun!

Love the look of the car, the sliding door panels, and it is fun to drive. The wipers come on automatically when it rains - love that feature!

Handling - sliding doors - price - 3rd row - gas mileage

The sliding doors and third room seating option. Great fuel economy. Nice looking car. The white exterior with light colored fabric interior along with tinted windows keeps this cooler in desert summers by 15-20 degrees! Recommended for anyone in So.Cal

fun to drive, like that back seat splits as well as the cover for the trunk splits, like arms rests in middle and cubby between seats, but that's it.

Exterior styling, low price, fuel economy, third row seating, good safety ratings, generous standard features, the power is satisfactory with enough acceleration ability.

Sliding doors. Hatchback. The fuel economy. The 2nd row tray that you can fold into the seat. Arm rests. 2 rows of folding seats. The exterior look. It drives really easy and is fairly quiet.

Heated seats, I-Pod port, stereo sounds great, climate control, adjustable headlights, and the trick 2nd row seats, fuel economy, (25 mph avg so far) with a smaller tank to save $ at the pump!

Cruise and radio controls on steering wheel. MP3 Jack which will also allow you to plug in a portable dvd player. Cargo space with third row seats folded.

FUEL ECONOMY! Spacious interior, comfortable seating (even for adults in the third row of seats). Plenty of power - the 4cyl, 153hp engine has MORE than enough power to get you going even loaded with 4 adults, packed with gear and a 17 ft canoe strapped to the roof.

Bluetooth, 6 in dash cd change, auto-dim rear view mirror, handling

Fun to drive, just wish it was a foot longer and a foot wider. The six seats is a big plus, that's what sold me on the car (since most small SUVs are only 5 seaters).

seating, auto climate control, control options on steering wheel, Sliding doors, storage under the 2nd row seats, and all the cup holders. Mazda's bumper to bumper extended warranty is a great option also

I love having the phone and radio/cd controls on the steering wheel. Heated seats and bluetooth are great! The sliding side doors are great in tight places. Comfortable arm rests. The easy folding third row is great and allows for good cargo area. The 5 is fun to drive! 

Reliability, gas mileage, unique styling, small turning circle for a front drive car, reasonable price.

The Mazda5 displays welcomes you when turn on with a friendly, "Hello!" The automatic stuff is nice, including climate control, lights (which you can also turn off) and even the wind-shield wiper. The GT5 has integrated Bluetooth with very good call clarity. Phone/radio controls on the wheel.

All four rear seats fold down independently, making the cargo area quite versatile; handling; lots of standard features for the price; most of the benefits of a full-size minivan without the higher price and poor fuel economy; unique and sporty styling.

They styling is like minivan eye candy. Love the extra space in the middle captain's chairs. Fantastic turning radius. I've tracked my MPG and it's 25.5. My husband gets 23 though with the zoom zoom. :) The steering wheel controls are great, as well as the moonroof. The Sirius and CD are fantastic.

Bluetooth tech, adjustable headlamps, interior lay-out

Sliding doors!!! Styling - looks like nothing else - certainly not a boxy minivan. Interior design-storage. Decent power, nice handling for a hauler. Lots of standard features. Good value.

Manual transmission, super easy to get baby seat kids i/o of row 2 and keep their older sibs in row 3. Handles great. Super turn radius. We rented a Renault Scenic in the UK and loved having three rows and a 6 speed manual transmission. This is the closest thing to it here.

2008 Mazda 5 sport, sunlight silver, 5 speed auto, with customer preferred package. Favorite? relatively quiet, alloy wheels, and sportiness 30.5 mpg in mixed hwy/city? not even my 2003 Accord can do that! 

The autostick makes driving a little more exciting and is great for on-ramp merges or highway passing. I have gotten used to the Bluetooth and miss it in my other vehicle. This car handles great and the seats are comfortable. The underseat storage is unique and very useful.

Small size. Lot of room. Sliding doors.

Peppy engine; comfortable seating; space!

The body style. A van, yet not a van. Easy sliding doors, six disc changer, and stares from people probably wondering what it is. Has plenty of get up and go.

Seating configuration, comfort of seats (good for your back), fun to drive, sliding doors, great ratio: quality/price, design (interior, exterior), security, etc. 

Compact car with huge cargo space or sit 6 people. Sliding doors. Don't mind the 4 cylinders cause the gas saving.

Huge hatch, sliding doors, interior room, handling, high feature content for base model.

Availability of a manual transmission (a must for me). Gas mileage. Averaging 28 in 80% hwy, 20% city. Sliding doors - very easy to get baby in/out of vehicle and good for tight parking situations. Under-seat storage. Sporty ride/handling. Standard features for the money.

Nice small van that works with 3 kids.

Car seats, controls

Gas mileage, seat layout, fun to drive, good stereo, space for cargo with 3rd row down

Air conditioner, arm rests on front seats, plenty of leg room

1. Gas mileage: (this was a huge selling point for us) 2. Trunk size: (with 3rd row seats down) 3. Comfort 4. Compact on the outside yet roomy enough on the inside for a family of 4 5. Price: I was able to get a grand touring with Nav for the same price as a bottom line Sienna or Odyssey

I like the sliding doors and the 3rd seat option. The 5th gear helps on long rides.

Blue tooth. Climate control. Sun roof. Fuel economy (for comparable vehicles) VALUE!!

The standard front, side and curtain air bags. Auto air, sporty rims, projector headlight and rear led lights. The manual shift feature on the auto trans and the auto-m scan feature on the radio (very helpful when we go to grampa's house in San Diego where the radio stations are different).

HID headlights, ride height, sliding rear doors, fuel economy, handling, A/C system, exterior looks, 5 spd trans, price

Seating configuration, sliding doors, comfort of seats (they sit up high, almost like a chair... great for the back on long rides.)

Zoom Zoom, handling, stylish, interior is comfortable, little road noise on highway, but Sirius drowned that out. 

Gas mileage, comfort and interior room. 

Styling, ride and handling! LOVE bluetooth, auto a/c with rear vents, 17" rims w/sporty tires, HID headlights, LED rear lights, auto wipers, stereo w/good sound and aux port, leather seats, folding seats w/secret compartments and fold out tray, and so much more. Too many features to mention!

Seating design, style and features. Fun to drive Zoom Zoom.

Sliding doors and fuel efficiency!

Style, mpg, versaliity, quality and hopefully reliability.

Love the four captains chairs that recline, the flexibility in design. LOVE the sunlight silver color. Its peppy enough for my usual four passengers. Sliding door is great. I love that is is considered a minivan though it doesnt look completely like one. 

We love how easy it is to rearrange the seats. We also like the hidden storage space all over the car. And of course, the fuel efficiency!

The interior details and quality, the seats are comfortable, stereo great, handles like a sports coupe. 

Style, Bluetooth, leather seats, sliding door 

Seating layout, improvements from the 2006 model. Versality, fuel mileage, and overall looks of vehicle.

Driving experience. Comfort. Sound system. Appearance.

Six passengers, easy fold down seats, great mileage, nice looking "different" vehicle.

Sliding doors, adjustable Xenon headlights, Bluetooth, telescopic steering and heated seats.

Sliding doors, steering wheel radio controls, power locks/doors (at no extra charge) extra seating if needed, good mpg, sunroof, LED & fog lights & so sporty for a "minivan". I also love the color I choose: Galaxy Gray with black interior.

Handling and overall performance. Gas consumption is very reasonable (city: 11 liters per 100km; highway 9 liters per 100km). Integrated body kits with the nicely designed 17-inch wheels provide for decent looks.

Size and versatility. Fuel mileage. Six passenger seating. Very reasonable cost to buy.

Gas mileage, easy access with the sliding doors, don't have to worry about the kids hitting another vehicle, fun to drive

I like the 5 speed.

Perforated leather seats, bluetooth, Xenon headlamps that CAN be adjusted for various loads and overall value.

Third row seat, under seat storage, dvd, bluetooth.

Love the hands free bluetooth system for the cell phone. Also the auto windshiled wipers are nice also. 

Intelligent layout, room for six when needed, sliding doors, manual transmission, quality materials, easy to park!! 

5 speed auto shift.

Manual transmission, space for 6 when needed, Zoom-Zoom factor

Roomy despite compact dimensions, peppy engine, sliding mini-van like doors, auto climate control, powerful headlights.

Everything

Sporty looks, versatility, great handling, close turning ratio.

Versatility, handling, fuel economy, manual transmission available, very nice look-n-feeling, value for price

Love the sliding rear doors and the sporty looks. The ease of entry and generous storage bins are helpful with kids.

As said above, perfect quality, feels like a car costing 2 to 3 times as much. Lots of features. 

Sliding side doors and sporty handling.

