

Power seats Up/down & back/forth. Adjustable steering wheel. Input jack for B'berry, iPod. Heated seat. Tight handling. Cargo size.

Very large sun/moon roof (almost makes you feel like it's a convertible!), Plush interior while maintaining its utilitarian characteristics of an off-road vehicle. My dog loves the cargo area! 

Non stopping rabbit-like AWD system, versatility, and history of good reliability.

Those heated seats are fast! AWD is great in snow and ice.

Wagon utility, tow rating, style, AWD



Design and styling of the vehicle. I'm absolutely hooked on the AWD. No more worries about winter driving.

Heated leather seats, exterior body style, AWD, decent MPG

Displays and controls are very ergonomic. Excellent A/C & heating system. Great sound system.

The limited's sunroof, leather and wood trim sets the OB apart. The 08's grille gives it a sporty look. Good overall feel when driving. Great gas mileage for AWD.

The engine is flexible and powerful. Very happy with it.

All wheel drive is set up like a sports car now, not your grandma's subie. 

Interior and exterior design, general riding comfort, sound system, sports shifter, sun roof, option of Sirius radio.

AWD works great in these, its a Subaru! They got the ground clearance right too. If you want a good snow car, this is it.

Style, car looks great. Car rides great. Gas mileage about 26 to 28 mpg.

The gas mileage is excellent for a AWD. Living in Maine the AWD will be a very good feature.

AWD, aux audio input, ride and handling.

Fun to drive AND comfortable. Amazing bad weather performance, thanks for the AWD and handling.

The automatic seat (driver's). Also the aux. jack for the mp3 player I own. Also, like the fact that it is all wheel drive, which would make it perfect to drive in the snow.

Huge sunroof, black leather interior looks nice and sporty but very hot in the summer.

Huge panoramic roof! safety, AWD, classy, Lexus-like interior, reasonable price.

Overall look inside and out. Leather wheel feels nice on the hands. The dark gray color that I got is very unique and I've been getting lots of compliments on the car. 17 inch rims look so much better than the 16s of previous models.

I'm getting better than advertised gas mileage. 

XT with the 5spd. The comfortable seats; the large sunroof. Sure-footed in dirt, rain and snow. fuel economy.

Handling, ride, fuel economy

Heated seats and the huge sunroof.

The car would be great if it worked properly. I would be so happy, if I didn't feel that the transmission may fall out of the vehicle in traffic.

Overall handling, classy interior, panoramic sunroof, roomy cargo area, gas mileage, comfortable for 5'3" smaller person.

AWD, cargo space, great handling 

Ride comfort. Safety ratings. Solid feeling and sounding car. Fuel economy.

AWD, additional ride height, trunk space, H6 boxer engine

Smooth, easy shifting 5-speed manual. Lots of room in back with the seats folded. Trailer hitch and Auto-Dimming Mirror/Compass w/Homelink. Excellent AWD mpg with avg. over 30 mpg in suburban area driving so far. Good all-around visibility. Standard trip calculator. It feels ?just right? for me. 

AWD is great for the interior of Alaska. Like the aux jack in the console for my IPOD. Nice cargo space. 

MPG, space, all-wheel drive, ipod connector.

I like the large cargo area, the handling is great, the fuel economy is good, and the car is put together very well with high-quality materials. With good tires, it is a great foul-weather vehicle. I love having a manual transmission...makes driving it a lot of fun!

Subaru's legendary AWD is clearly my favorite feature even if it seems to get little use in everyday driving. The electroluminescent gauges are another favorite. The full sweep of the gauges on startup always brings a smile to my face. The multifunction display contains copious information.

Safety ratings, AWD, better clearance than most SUVs, decent handling and power. XT has very good interior trim and finish and Subaru reliability is well known.

I really like how the car manuvers and brakes. I also like the cargo space. The seats take some getting use to, snug fit. After driving a 1990 4Runner for so long, I love the better gas mileage.

Great ride and comfortable seats. The turbo option is wonderful and I would not do without this feature in any future purchase. Controls are easy to use.

Rear storage options, fold down rears, supportive seats, seat warmers, shifting action and clutch, 5M rocks! Stereo has hidden Aux port and plays MP3 discs. Overall compact for having similar height clearance as behemoth SUVs. Sedan-like drive with utility characteristics. 12V socket in cargo area.

Power heated driver seat, handling, quietness, ride, MPG!!, looks, safety, interior design, terrific in all weather conditions (much better than our Volvo XC70 which is AWD) so far reliability has been perfect.

Highway ride. Simple and easy to use controls, nice interior, sturdy look. And if you get the 5 speed manual, the car outright flies! 

Dual heat/air. Very comfortable seats. Excellent sound system. Fit/finish flawless.

Black lower body "cladding" to protect from stones, and cladding on rear bumper. Heated seats. The best visibility for backing than any similar car.

Comfort, ease of entry (not too high), reliability, responsive and surefooted handling, good visibility and all round practicality. At this price point the sound system is a pleasant surprise.

handling, turbo, visibility, seat warmers, sun roof

Handling in bad weather, fuel economy, standard safety features, easy to see and to use instrument panel and controls.

A fast car, almost a sport car undercover in a family car. Good in both off and on road.

Design, gauges, power, ride, seat comfort, price.

All wheel drive and overall utility of the vehicle (seating room/comfort, towing capacity, rear storage capacity, etc.) is excellent. Very cool, very large sunroof.

My favorite feature is the ride/handling combination. The wheel base is long enough to prevent pitching yet short enough to allow for a fairly tight turning radius. The smoothness of the ride is exceptional in a ?crossover? vehicle and the AWD gives a sense of security that is difficult to match.

Perfect combination of car/SUV/stationwagon without the fuel penalty. Sit higher than a car. Fun to drive. Utility/usefulness. Autodimming mirror. Everybody doesn't have one - not Honda or Toyota. Looks cool!

Great engine. SI Drive is fun. Handles well in all conditions. 

Everything for the cost!

Our favorite features are the AWD, gas mileage, auxiliary radio input, and the handling.

Power, fuel efficiency, size and versatility are awesome combinations. 

Red lights on the dash

Safety, AWD, bodystyle, cargo room, seats that fold down, plenty of head room, iPod jack, handling, trip calculator,decent stereo, headlights.

ergonomics, seats are great, great ride, decent mileage, great traction in inclement weather, safety- IIHS best pick

No longer worrying when my wife commutes in bad weather! Best traction and emergency handling on the market, crash rating second to none. The 6 cylinder engine with SI-Drive is surpisingly quick, smooth and fun to drive and puts the car in a completely different league than the base 4 cylinder

Excellent AWD, wagon utility, value, improved exterior appearance, fit and finish, nav system, ride and handling.

XL sunroof and iPod jack (AUX jack)

Heated seats, great headlights (brights), nice quiet ride, nice power and great on the mountain roads.

AWD, navigation and heated seats.

AWD, Sport shift, cargo space, top safety ratings by NHTSA and IIHS. Decent highway mileage for an AWD automatic vehicle. Great looks. Standard trip calculator (mileage, temp, range, etc). Horizontal engine for lower center of gravity. 2700 lb tow rating.

The AWD is amazing, and very confidence-inspiring. Radio sounds decent for the price. Build feels solid. I like the extendable sunvisors. Dash/steering wheel controls are very easy and intuitive. I'm 5'9", 175lbs and the cabin is not too tight for me.

The panoramic sunroof, windshield wiper heating, LL Bean edition has some nice appointments, comfortable seats, good ride, quiet, and very solid feel.

Ride, handling, full time AWD, looks great, nice interior, good gas mileage, like the underfloor storage and storage bins in rear side panels, VDC and traction control.

AWD. Dash board presentation and functionality. Steering wheel controls. Interior appointments are first rate (seats, wood trim, etc.).

Head lights are great. AWD- great handling car. Price- A lot of car for the $$. Five-star crash ratings. Safety features. 

AWD, 5MT, low cost of ownership compared to my old Passat, ease of access to key regular maintenance items

AWD, ground clearance, low cost of ownership (so far) and ease of access to regular maintenance points compared to my previous Passat

AWD, fog lights, windshield wiper heating. Driving comfort in snow, slush.

Good smooth ride. Excellent handling. Quiet. Basically same quality as the 2000. Comfortable seats. Handled great in last snow storm. (prior to engine racing however!) 

SportShift, interior controls, gas mileage, cargo space. Safety, safety, safety.

AWD; the H6 is an excellent engine.

Performance. Ride and handling.

AWD, seats, cargo space.

Interior design and quality; sporty driving experience; much better than expected mileage; "light show" when the ignition is turned on.

PZEV - Partial Zero Emissions Vehicle. AWD - All Wheel Drive. Great size for young family with kids. Easy and fun to drive. 

AWD is nice, Sport mode on transmission. Numerous safety features.



The car performs and drives with a strong feel of security. Good riding car with a great feel for the road.

We like the big two piece moon roof and the solid, comfortable feel of the car. It gives you a strong sense of security and the moon roof lets in plenty of light and air when you want it.

Seat warmer, moon roof, air conditioner.

Beautiful gray color with nice off black interior. Great stereo (but had to tame the subwoofer)! Very fun to drive yet hauls us and gear around beautifully. Nice, simple dash and display layout, not high-techy cheesy like so many other cars today. Drives wonderfully. AWD!

Comfortable power seats. Safety rating. Ground clearance for charging into driveway in snow. Leather, nav, auto dim mirrors, leg and side room (great space between you and the door!). 30 mpg highway after 7000 mi, 25 city. 6 CD, cool illuminated instrument panel, under 30K, can't wait for snow!

The panoramic moonroof opens beautifuly with a view of the southern sky. Drives very smoothly at a high rate of speed. Very well insulated such that there is no outside noise with the windows shut. Takes turns very smoothly. The stereo system is awesome!

All wheel drive.

Driving position, dual moonroof, corering stability.

Overall value! AWD, sunroof, VDC, comfortable seats, sport shift on automatic. Very comfortable seats. 

Heated everything, great road feel, easy to get kayak on top, 31.8 mpg on first tank, never under 25 so far, 34 on nice 50 mph north shore scenic road. Beautiful charcoal cloth interior, 3 AT modes. Only 1000 miles on it, but I can't wait to get past new car phase and explore.



