Everything except for the continental tires, but that ain't no biggy.

the exterior looks nice

Nice creature comforts inside.

Heated steering wheel, XM radio, EVERYTHING!

Keyless entry and start, power, heated seats and steering wheel, sporty look.

the room, the smooth ride on the highway, and the power

all

Outter design...

The dual sunroof,distance til empty meter,smart key (I misplace my keys often, this way I never have to take it out of my purse)

Looks,CVT transmission, handling, and power

Absolutely in love with the CVT. Handling, pretty good power, "generally" comfortable - see below.

Looks, drive, engine.

Power, handling and good MPG for a car with a big powerful V-6.

Intelligent Key, Tire Monitoring System, CVT, Information Center, Illuminated Steering Wheel, Auxiliary audio input jack and Rear Vents

Lowjack security, nitrogen filled tires, tire pressure sensors, 4300k HID headlights, rear sensory package, automatic folding side mirrors, stereo auxiliary input, keyless entry and start, power sunroof, memory set steering wheel and driver seat, XM radio, auto dimming mirrors.



Roomy.



The famous Nissan V6 coupled with the CVT. Fast car! As stated above, if you do lots of highway driving this car is tough to beat. Tracks straight, ride is solid and quiet with plenty of passing power. 

FOB door lock/unlock, Bose stereo, power, style, quality of interior, leather seats a just terrific. Great ride with good looks.

CVT, Bluetooth, smart key system, interior lighting, beautiful leather interior.

Black leather, automatic front windows, spacious trunk, body style looks great

In Wisconsin, the most favorite feature is the heated steering wheel

Engine, looks, seat comfort, wheels, price compared to others in this class.

Comfort of seats, good highway manners, decent mileage.

bluetooth, cvt, bose audio, intelligent key and HID headlights

Bluetooth, heated steering wheel, bose system, memory setting and HID headlights

Bose audio, large interior space, exterior styling, large trunk. Intelligent key.

Roominess of cabin, quality of workmanship and materials.

Bluetooth, Xenon headlights, slick CVT, seats are very comfortable, cost, fast car. 

I like the automatic seat positioning. My wife drives it and her seat is completely different than mine. Works great

Nav system and dash, CVT, acceleration, bose system and leather interior, styling.

Hands-free telephone (Bluetooth) and entering vehicle does not require either a key or FOB in your hand. Excellent DOLBY sound. 17" tires a plus. Superb power, great styling, holds road great, Bluetooth excellent, Homelink vastly improved.

Great exterior styling. Everyone comments on the "SkyView Roof" and how impressive the car looks overall. I like the cornering lights, which illuminate in the direction of the turn signal. Power folding side mirrors when going through tight spaces. 2-Driver memory settings are much-appreciated.

Comfortable leather seats, passenger leg room, powerful engine, trunk size, CVT is awesome for passing,and superb handling. 

Style of the car and how it performs. Seats four adults great plenty of leg room for passengers.

Remote that opens roof and windows. Nav and Bose audio. Beefy 18" tires. Power mirrors with auto dimming. Xenon lights high/low beams. The trunk is crazy. The new rear spoiler was an improvement over 07. The heated bucket seats, leather, firm, I love the feel on the turns. Oh, the smile.

Performance and looks.

Navigation, automatic folding mirrors, bi-level xenons that can actually illuminate a short building's roof line, cornering lights, Bluetooth. PSI meter on screen with the navi option, awesome & clean sounding Bose stereo and awesome I-key.

interior, style and look of car

Keyless entry, interior controls, comfortable seats, interior space, well-lit displays, turning light.

My favorite feature is the telescopic steering wheel and the features on the bluetooth phone. The memo pad in particular. Oh and the price tag for so much car.

Leather interior, Bose sound system, a super responsive engine with CVT that gives you all you ask for and more.

Sonar parking with adjustable rear view mirrors which assists in parallel parking. The leather seats are high quality along with Bose stereo. The 18 inch tires grip the road very nicely. 

Smart Key - doesn't even have to be in your hand!; heated steering wheel; HID lights; power side mirrors; CVT; leather seats with lumbar support; very deep center console storage; 6-CD changer; XM satellite radio; roomy interior, comfortable enought to fit a large golden retriever.

Keys and auto open/start.

Stylish looks, bluetooth, stereo, back seat leg room, nav, and I know this is going to sound silly but I love the Homelink the most!

