The exterior style and the graceful way it handles on curving mountain roads.

Acceleration, performance, looks (esp. with top down), chrome wheels & accents against black paint. Stereo is pretty sweet also.

Wide powerband. Exterior styling

Nice stereo. Comfortable seats. Absolutely beautiful!

The acceleration in 2nd and 3rd gear when the turbo kicks in. The way it handles in corners. The very sexy look of this car, it's a real head turner.

Beautiful exterior styling, "on rails" handling, enough power, very good fuel economy - 27 mpg hwy on 87 octane - and a certain head turner!

Design and engine are remarkable.

Great body style, nice lines, good paint finish, quality wheels. It looks so cute it forces me to polish it before every drive just so it looks its best when I get those looks! 

Responsive engine at all RPMs. A home run with the exterior. 

The top! If it's too cumbersome or hard, then you must have a rough life. This top when up adds to the style, unlike most convertibles. 

The turbo and handling are the main features mechanically. Top is first rate and body fit and style is right in line with my other cars as far as design and performance.

Sound system, powerful engine, great looks.

0-60 in 5.5 with the automatic. Handles as well at 90 as at 30, hugs the road like it's on rails. Turbo pickup at any speed - feels intuitive to what you want to do. Leather interior is well done with the door inserts. Steering wheel controls, XM radio, hands free phone are all great.

The gas mileage. I have a Redline 5 speed and I get 28mpg regularly. I really like the handling and drive 78 miles per day to and from work in very heavy traffic. My favorite point is the great enjoyment and fun I get from driving this sporty little car. It's very easty to bond with this gem!

The turbo engine screams

Competition mode. Handling. Steering wheel controls 

The hands-free phone is great, and the sound system is awesome at only 6 speakers. The car handles great and I'm not sure about why the reviewers mention ho-hum steering. The car is powerful enough for normal driving, although the red-line would be great if I didn't mind getting speeding tickets!

XM radio and OnStar. Great sound system.

Top down crusiing. Top is easy to put down and up, don't see why the mags moan about the manual top.

Dual exhaust, XM stereo, road handling, ease of taking top down.

Exterior shapes and curves, like a mixture between the Viper and Corvette, the sound system, power, chrome 18" wheels, height of the car

The handling and style

The turbo is a must. The interior design is great. The exterior looks like a mini Corvette in the front and a BMW in the rear. This car is fast people. Lots of leg room for this six footer. 

The styling hands down, I get thumbs up everywere I go and watch people check out the car. The handling and braking is perfect. It's rather quick too with the manual trans. 

This car has lots of power, quick throttle response, super smooth cornering, and good braking. The electronic stability control (aka traction control) has 3 settings: off, on, & competition mode for different driving styles makes this a great car for driving twisty roads. 

The body style, XM radio, iPod link option, 18" wheels.

Beautiful exterior design and finish, 18" wheels/performance tires really add, 34 mpg highway mileage, great turbo acceleration, excellent handling in tight curves, holds the road with a feeling of tight control, comfortable leather seats with good side support, audio system is excellent. 

Turbo engine, leather seats, convertible top, satellite radio, Monsoon sound system

