Back Camera. Four wheel antilock brakes.

Engine power. Rear facing camera. Styling.

rear view camera, tight turning radius, higher seating position, powerful motor, uniqueness, well equipped - all the toys, 

Gorgeous looks and comparative rarity, lots of power, quiet until you decide to gun it, amazing comfort even on 10+ hour drives and big wheels, incredible confidence in inclement weather, safe-driving features like bluetooth, auto-dimming mirrors, parking radar, excellent ipod interface, good stereo

I love the technology....backup camera, keyless entry, ipod interface, and bluetooth. I have to admit---I had to read the owner manual because it was complicated!!!

I love the Navigation controls, not only how it looks, but how it works. The bird's eye view is sweet. The rearview camera is very nice. The technology on this car is state of the art and with the times. I also am pleased with the comfort, feel, and design. The safety is also very good. A+++

iPod interface, well-appointed interior with black lacquer finishes, RF intelligent key with push-button start and voice-activated Bluetooth.

Engine, brakes, MPG, technology... forgot to mention the voice recognition and NAV are best in market. I have compared to other lux brands, Acura comes close but Infiniti interface is much better and simple. I love the buildings popping up in the Navi. Bluetooth also works great!

Style, performance, comfort, audio system, technology features.

Performance, Design, Technology and quality

Handling, acceleration, sound system, automatic folding back seats, luxury features, comfort.

Interior layout. Tech features.

The exterior, interior and everything in between.

Fun to drive; fast, very fast and lots of fun; beware of speed traps

Looks/Quick/Comfy

Stereo features, interior, exterior, interior lights!!! I had amber in my last car and I love the white and blue!! Homelink, Bluetooth, memory seats, comfortable seats, passenger seat controls, etc. The emergency service - my battery died (my fault) - is excellent! 

the vdc, tire monitoring, navigation system and a hard drive that can record my favorite songs.

Style, comfort, rides like a cloud, cup holders outdo the BMW by strides!

Security light, horsepower, AWD, can use non-premium gas.

Interior comfort and quality ease of use of all the gadgets the look of the vehicle is amazing

Keyless entry system. It's truly keyless. Unlike most other keyless systems, I don't have to dig into my purse to find the remote to arm and disarm my car. I can just push a button on the door once I am in range. User-friendly and intuitive navigation system/iPod interface.

Interior, Bose sound system, parking sensors.

Smart key, sound system and back up camera!

Styling, fantastic 297 hp V-6, luxurious interior, enough gimmicks for the "gadget freak" in all of us.

All tech gadgets, AWD performance, handling, acceleration, stylish look

Pep and sporty look

AWD, luxurious interior, nav system and all the electronic goodies

Drives well, great acceleration. Good build quality. Great navigation and bluetooth , though I wish it was not locked down when driving. Good gas mileage, depending upon your driving habits (I get 21 in the city, 25 on the highway). Adaptive Cruise Control works well, as does the all around view. 

Engine, brakes, front seat, key less entry, iPod adapter, 

Get up and go! Visually appealing. Very comfortable.

Build quality, powertrain, interior, sat nav, appearance.

Bose stereo, iPod adapter, and powerful engine.

Navigation system, keyless ignition, iPod connection and back up camera

High tech gadgets, handling, front seats are very comfortable.

The iPod, docking station, and all over navigation, so glad my husband talked me into it.

Cockpit. Comfortable seating. Satellite radio. IPod dock. Computer features. Handling. Power to burn.

Navigation; integrated iPod; throaty acceleration; camera; voice recognition

Laser cruise control, quiet cabin, XM/Bose audio, great engine and brakes, tall driver position in a relatively small vehicle, very comfortable seats, wood trim looks very cool.

Tech gadgets - love the bluetooth phone

The back up camera, the iPod integration and the push button start with the smart key. I really like the AWD system integrated with the other handling and safety features. Because the VQ has a standard sensor, I can use regular no lead without a noticeable difference in performance. 

All the tech stuff - 

Front and rear sensors

Interior styling and ergonomics. The high tech gadgets are great, and the Bose sound system rocks!

Everything is cool... well done design.

Smartkey, bluetooth, nav w/voice control, Bose radio, auto rear seat release, auto up from drivers seat. 

Bluetooth, self healing paint, style, around view monitor, navigation system, keyless start, nice leather, turn signals in bumper

The exterior and interior of the car look amazing. Navigation system is great and seems to be very reliable; the voice recognition for commands also works very well so far. Tethering a bluetooth phone was very simple, and so is maneuvering through the audio system. BUT...

Tech package (Around view monitors, intelligent cruise control, lane departure warning) improves safety in town and on highways. Incredible Bose stereo w/XM radio (you don't know how much you dislike commercials until you don't hear them), 9.3 GB storage helps me pass the time. Self healing paint.

I like them all. NavTraffic is pretty handy and has saved me a lot of aggravation. We also love XM.

Cockpit like interior. Amazing comfort. Pure luxury

Bluetooth, all around vehicle camera, navigation, phone! The car freaking rocks the house.

Bluetooth, XM radio, VR nav system, handling, backup camera, interior design

Intelligent cruise control. I only got this because it came with the tech package. Turns out I love it. It will keep a set interval between you (3 settings) and the car in front of you down to 20mph. Also love keyless entry and start. Love cargo organizer (didn't want that either at first).

Rear camera, music box, interior is awesome!

The sophisticated interior ergonomic styling and the clean streamlined exterior. All the high tech items it has. It has great pick-up.

Smoother ride than expected, plenty of power, interior design is both futuristic and comfortable.

Styling (unique and sporty), Graphite leather w/wood trim (totally luxurious), cockpit comfort and feel, nav/audio interface and features, Luxe Style package that gives you Xenons (with adaptive lighting) and 18" wheels, engine sound. Vehicle is just the perfect sporty size for me to carry my bikes

Bluetooth, quiet interior, music box.

Those first moments of entering - what else can you call it - "the cockpit", pushing the button and starting to smile as it comes to life. Time to drive! The nav system is the best yet. I will never own another car without a rear camera. The self-healing paint.

I got the EX loaded with every option available. Love all the tech features. The AVM camera is very cool. My favorite is the voice recognition for the nav or telephone. 

Nav/music system/headlights/keyless entry/comfortable seats. It's got style!

Excellent nav system. Superb stereo. Tight turning radius. Sports sedan-like handling. Almost SUV-level seating height. Super quiet interior. Powerful and responsive motor. 

The great drive and ride, the awesome design and the primo navigation and sound systems.

Music Box (which records CDs into a built-in hard drive -- the Premium package).

Nav, power rear seats, intelligent key, around-view camera.

the gadgets; nav, voice recog., cameras, keyless entry, bluetooth...

Nav, HDD, stereo "Driver Stage", keyless entry.

Where to start - the LDW/LDP are lifesavers. the adaptive headlights make a HUGE difference on dark, winding streets, the nav & voice recognition work extremely well, and the Birdseye view camera ensures we won't scrape anything in those cramped parking lots! Seats are most comfortable ever been in.

All around camera, Bose stereo, engine, and the looks!

The navigation birds eye view is terrific, and the real time traffic is a plus (but after three months it goes away unless subscribed to.) Our wheat interior is beautiful, the seats comfy and stylish. Smooth drive and quick acceleration too! The dark current color is a nice change.

Lots more toys than my Toyota 4Runner so I'm probably not a good judge. Intelligent cruise, iPod interface, phone interface, push button start & whole lot more.

The interior design and color schemes. Tight turn radius. Comfortable interior. 

The technology and sport packages. The leather dash is beautiful. The engine and brakes are fantastic as well.

