5.7L Hemi w/MDS, off-road capability, perceived quality of interior, towing capacity. 

4.7l v8 & 4wd. (despite the mpg) Comfortable leather seating Remote start. E85 capability if gas goes to $4 again. Jeep green color & towing package. - Reverse warning sensors.

The look of it, the ground clearance and the overall driving of it is enjoyable. There are standard features that would be upgrades for most other manufacturers.

Third row for the kids - keeps them out of adult conversations. Stadium seating allows small children to see out the windows better. A/C vents and control in rear are a MUST have in Texas. Middle row three way fold down is very convenient also. Back up sensors are great when 3rd row is up.

HEMI motor,U Connect feature, Love the interior with the Overland features. I don't have to shovel the snow out of my driveway. I can ride all my family in it and still tow a heavy trailer in comfort.

The outside style of the car.

Strong engine, 4.7. The ride is superb! Style of a Jeep. 4x4 is high tech. Very sstrong and reliable transmission and redesigned high tech 4.7!

Visiablity, good ride, can take on the trails camping. Plendty of space. Good technical engineering.



The interior quality and design. Excellent leather. My gig audio/video. Drives better than our 01 BMW 530is. And is much faster and quieter. Handles and stops excellent! More all around use than just a car. Very good looking and quality leather interior with rich wood and real metal accents.

The computer-like menu browser on the dash, adjustable steering and the power seats on the driver side, how I wished they should have installed on the passenger side too for my Commander-in Chief. 

Off Road capability, sound system, My Gig, sat radio and tv (grandkids luv this) all leather.

The whole Jeep

The look of it. The spacious interior design. Drives like a dream. Ride is very smooth. Much nicer than a Tahoe or Explorer. Skylights for the second row. Large driving quarters. 3rd row seat when needed. Convenient for any lifestyle. Kids really love it Looks good.

MyGig system is great. The acceleration onto the highway is awesome. I can play music from my iPod, the hard drive or the Sirius sat radio. 

Lots of head room. Lots of leg room. Lots of storage. I happen to love the rugged look. Reminds me of a Hummer kind of. This thing fits in my apartments parking spot, and that means it's just the right size width wise. 

Touchscreen controls for navigation, music, etc. Automatic wipers and high beams. Back up sensors. 



Looks. MyGig hard drive.

All

I like the size and look of vehicle, I rated fair but I can't say poor or excellent just yet, too new.

No doubt the plush, luxury and rugged looking interior plus the the third row seat and hemi power.

Everything. The way it slides over to the other lane, with no noticeable body motion and it's all where drive acceleration, leaves the dust behind when passing. I got the 'Let's refuel America' and hope the price of gas goes up to $6! Anything over $3 I get a credit back to me, so gas will be free!

The looks, the ride, the fun of driving a Jeep. I like the power saver indicator for Multi displacement engine. Put in cruise, 1500 rpm and go for fuel savings. Last hemi Jeep 25 mpg, this one 17, but still new and not broken in. Expect more. 

Ride Quality, interior room, and looks.

My gig system with nav, and bluetooth capable. I like knowing i can drive safely not holding a phone.

MyGig Nav, no doubt. Being a computer type I love to load MP3's and have the GPS. The 2008 models are user friendly when it comes to software updates for the MyGig. We also love the backup camera and backup sensors.

EVERYTHING! The more you drive it...the more you feel like taking long road trips. Satellite everything...luxuries with Wood and leather accented interior. Smooth ride. Like I said... Everything! By the way, the remote start is wonderful...you always step into a nice cool car. 

The drive is my favorite feature. Smooth but very controlled and stable. The interior luxury features can easily compete with some of the finest sedans. Satellite TV, SatRadio,Hard Drive. You have a top-notch computer at your fingertips with an engine that will make you proud as you pass everyone.

love size and power as we got sport 4.7 4wd 

MyGIG navigation, rear sensors, everything in the interior. Power

The Mygig entertainment system, which was free, is awesome. Voice commands, a hard drive which holds hundreds of our MP3 songs and CD's, a touch screen GPS, Sirius satellite radio, and rear camera! Climate control has a separate rear heater and separate control. The power tailgate is very handy!

Rear sky lights. Loaded with features. Pleasant and comfortable ride.

Powerful engine, comfortable ride, large viewing areas, windows in the roof for front and rear passanger. Camera and sensors in back. Light sensitivity. Never ever get stuck

MyGIG Nav, backup camera, tons of safety features, plenty of power with new 4.7L V8, sure footed in all weather, seating for 7, Jeep tough!

Ability to download music CD's into the hard drive of the stereo eliminating the need to buy an I-Pod. It will hold 1600 four minute songs. I can also download photos from my computer into the hard drive to display on the navigation screen

The 4.7L V8- very capable. The driver's seat- when it's accended I feel very in control of this 5,000lb SUV. I'm head over heals about the power liftgate, partly because I'm lazy, and partly because every time I let it do its thing there is always someone with a dropped jaw.

The styling, both interior and exterior.

