engine + transmission=driving excellence. Interior is excellently crafted, exterior is excellent as well. The leather will maintain through the life of the car. Utility is wonderful. MPG-I get usually 23 in the city, 34 on highway.



MPG, Looks, Sound of engine and sound system, panoramic roof, wheels. 

Handling, fun, styling

Drive train and handling

Style, comfort. performance and economy. I am 6'3" tall and I have plenty of room.



DSG transmission with shift paddles - you gotta try these! 

Great handling, 2.0L engine, interior design.

DSG, performance, gas mileage, exterior styling especially the front

Styling, manual shift, great pickup, the hatch back (I can fit tons in this car for its size), great sound system.

Transmission, engine, handling, drivers seat

Exterior and Interior design and built quality. Great engine 2.0t and DSG transmission. Excelent stereo!

Smooth power and great transmission. The ride of the vehicle is sporty but not punishing. Flexibility of the cargo space. Size of the car is excellent since I live in NYC.

Bluetooth, clutch/shifter feel, acceleration, seats, stereo (std)

DSG, adaptive lighting, Speed sensitive steering, Blue Sky system, iPod adapter, speed adaptive audio (compensates for road noise), fuel efficiency, Sweet looking wagon.

The crash test safety ratings, S-Line Package suspension, Open Sky system, and torque in 3rd gear.

Engine, DSG, grippy cornering. Love the interior. 

The fabulous seats are adjustable in about 92 ways, awesome lumbar support, up, down, back and seat tilt, "bun warmers". Plenty of power on the highway and up hills in Seattle, classy exterior styling, great sound system, solid but not heavy feel. Two skylights are very cool.

Performance.

DSG/S-tronic transmission w/paddles. Modification options: 200hp is plenty, but it's nice to have the option to add a chip, exhaust, cold air intake, and bigger turbo when the car gets tired. 

Connection to the road and the car. Feeling like I'm driving something a bit more special than the other million 3 series out there.



3.2l engine + Quattro AWD = unmatched performance vs the competition. Seats are really comfortable and sound system rocks. Has MANY standard options (sirius, 6 disc changer w/ Bose premium system, rain sensing wipers, sun sensing headlights, autodimming mirrors, etc.).

Quattro and 3.2 liter V6. Sound system is pretty awesome as well. 

Bluesky package, Sirius with the Bose sound system, the brilliant red on this model looks fantastic, the red backlight for the controls is unique and more soothing than we thought it would be, and the S-Line package makes this car so fun to drive!

Driving experience. The quick engine, transmission options, and nimble handling.

Driving experience and open sky system. The iPod interface works flawlessly.

