Aux-in jack, MP3 CD player, GREAT gas mileage, Toyota reliability 

Handling is great. Gas Mileage is great. Most fun car to drive. Super easy access to rear cargo area. Turns around in very small spaces, very maneuverable. Did I mention how fun it is to drive?!! Easy to wash and wax. Neat looking car!! I love this car!!

Peppy, good gas mileage, reliable, good basic transportation. 

mpg, comfortable and roomy, reliability

Large trunk, decent sound system, very good A/C unit (works quick), ample storage around cabin, stylish exterior.

I had a remote starter installed.

The doors have the most solid feeling when they are closed of any car I've ever owned. The power windows are quiet/quick. Tight build quality, no problem getting used to center gauges, excellent steering feel, cold AC and adequate headroom for this 6 foot 250# driver. Much quieter than expected. 

Special attention people give you. The versatility of the four-door hatch. Reliability and great economy. Good handling and fun to drive.

Gas mileage, reliability.

Manual trans zips along. Love the styling in and out. Roomy interior for the class. Comfort way beyond most compact sedans I've ridden in. MPG!

Ample places to store the do dads of travel. Simple controls for the lights, wipers, fans etc.

MP3 CD read, exterior look, gas mileage

Huge gas mileage on regular grade, not premium like Smart or Mini. Great stereo also plays MP3 & has connection for iPod or XM radio. Quality of construction is impeccable.

My favorite feature is the comfortable driver's seat. 

Sporty looks, leg room for "big" guys, park on a dime,turn on a dime,and I like the electric steering. Very nice in the twisties. Storage everywhere.

Excellent gas mileage, overall appearance of the vehicle and interior room.

I love how it has soooo much room that you would not normally think it would. I love the MP3 player jack. The sound system is amazing! I prefer the automatic version. I love how it is sporty looking, I love the dash on the drivers side, and the cupholder, and I love how it has the gauge in the middle.

Gas mileage! Handles easily and has good ride for small car.

The entire car itself it rocks. Driving is believing. 

Center dash and storage areas. Used like a small truck hauling a new lawnmower in back with rear seat folded down. Great gas mileage!

Lots of compartments, including 3 gloveboxes. MP3 jack. 

Excellent gas mileage!! Love the storage compartments, back windows roll down all the way. All you have to do to start the engine is twist the key to "start" and it starts on its own. Very easy to park, very roomy for a compact, includes a cargo cover, other automakers has that as an option.

comfOrtable, more roomy than I thought, I love were the gas gages are displayed, and has good pickup. Nice little conveniences inside the car.

The quietness of the car, gas mileage, sounds system and exterior design.

Hatchback has "double-take" looks & styling, especially from the front. Great engine. Impressive handling & brakes. Endless storage compartments & drink holders. Driver's glove box rules. Seat & door fabric pattern is awesome! Comfortable seats. Big doors. Long life-expectancy & A++ resale value.

Gas mileage and comfort.

MPG and surprising front roominess.

fuel economy, full LATCH carseat system, seatbelt alarm (it bothers people so I don't have to), Aux jack, peppiness, STYLING!, roominess,etc. Just keep in mind this is not a Lexus or a Ferrari- it lacks certain elements of either, however it is way better than it should be for the price. I love it.

Average 32 mpg with 90% city driving. Low curb weight.

The audio system sounds great amd the car has lots on interior room.

It's a Toyota, what more can I say! Great handling, especially with the manual drive, great on gas, very stylish and extremely roomy, especially in the back seat.

MPG, throttle, brakes, & handling are all responsive in 3rd & 4th gear, noise is pretty low, crs ctrl is peppy & the controls are well positioned, decent trunk space, stereo & speakers sound great, auto tranny is smooth when you shift manually, bright cabin lights, good adjustability on seats.

Great gas mileage.

S pkg. Looks. Mileage.

Speedometer placement, compartments, seat adjustments, height of car, gas mileage, cuteness, pick up, quiet for a small car too. Love folding cup holder, not crazy about placement though.

Gas mileage. No timing belt, timing chain. Cool dash.

Essentially, it's fuel efficiency and lowest cost of ownership. It's compact size is perfect for parking in downtown where parking is limited. It's an inexpensive commuter car for people who are tired of paying big bucks in the pump. Now I have more beer money!

It is difficult to keep under the posted speed limit because it is so zippy and responsive at both the throttle and the steering. 

Great gas mileage. Smart looks. Cup holders on dash very convenient.

Gas mileage, quality, it really is a cute car.

Gas mileage, fold down rear seats, center instrument display and aux. jack on the stereo

Overall looks, this is a cute car, comfortable to drive.

Fuel economy, flexible engine, crisp manual transmission, cute stying, center gauges. 

MPG, MP3 capabilities, size, ease of driving, everything

Gotta love sleek little toy design. MP3 aux jacks. Surprisingly roomy. I'm 6'2 and loaded 2 teenagers in the back with no complaints. Can't beat MPG without it being a hybrid.

Great mpg on gas, great trunk room 

Instruments in center of dash. It only takes a day to get used to then you realize how much you like it. No more looking through the steering wheel or moving your hand or arm to see your gauges.

I love the way the seats let you sit up high and all the windows and the little wiper in the back. I still carry my lawn mower the shop if needed.

Gas mileage, power windows, stereo, MP3 jack.

Great handling, seats that wrap around you, great visibility, plenty of storage, good radio, style, quality.

I'm not a favorite of small cars, but because of the fuel economy on this car, I'm just loving it furthermore my girlfriend loves it even though she's mad at me for not buying automatic instead of 5 speed manual.

The turning ability, the small size for parking in city parking, the great gas mileage.

Fuel mileage. Body style. Fast pickup. Great handling. Front wheel drive. Eye catcher.

Lots of room and storage. Excellent fuel economy!! Never gotten below the top 36 MPG listed for highway driving. Plenty of get-up-and-go, never lacking for power! Room - I am a 5'8" female and the room in this vehicle is incredible.

Center speedometer is my favorite now. Air conditioner vents, full range or off. Cup holders are great - keeps cold things cold in summer & hot things hot in winter or just close it if you have coffee in summer - easy.

The exterior, leg room, the huge trunk, the folding seats, that you can lay the seats down to almost flat. Turning radius!! Large tires don't affect mpg but give you good mpg still. Driver seat height adjustment. Tall people friendly seats. I also love the knobs for the ac. 

Gas mileage, pretty fun to drive.

The storage by the temp controls. I also like how spacious the whole car is. even the person sitting behind the driver has a lot of room. 

Comfortable seat, split fold down rear seat, tilted steering wheel, tons of compartments. Clean and nifty engine compartment.

There are storage bins everywhere you look making it easy to keep things organized and clutter free. Brakes work well even on wet slippery roads. Seatbelts are comfortable and do not have the tendency to climb up your chest.

Fast steering, easy to park, peppy engine, build quality, reasonable price, styling, better than rated gas mileage, lots of aftermarket upgrade parts available. 

The MPG are the best, all of the storage is very cool, pretty quick acceleration, plenty of room, and great handling on the road.

I love the mp3 jack. No more cds all over the inside of the vehicle. 

Reliability, comfort, ride quality, muted road & wind noise, fuel economy, decent acceleration for class, side-impact safety ratings w/side airbags. Came loaded w/everything except alloy wheels.

The aux input, the large amount of cargo space, the gas mileage and the amount of room inside the car. 

Good gas mileage, Fun to drive. Nice little subcompact car overall.

Driver's side glove box, fold-flat 60/40 rear seat are favorite features.

Big stereo, unbelievably tiny ecological footprint

Doesn't feel or look inexpensive, fun to drive and did i mention averaging over 40 mpg.

Driver's side glove box, bottle holders, interior is surprisingly roomy, center speedometer.



I feel superior to all the Escalades and Navigators when they sit by me in traffic and blow by me on the highway. I love knowing they envy my mpg. The stereo is surprisingly good for a car in this price range. The electric steering is amazing.

Sporty looks, fun to drive. Comfortable sport seats, speedo & tach easy to read in center of dash, easily seats four. Super gas mileage. Great performance from 1.5 liter engine. Hatchback offers lots of room & versatility. Low cost to purchase and own. 

Styling is unique - sorry to say-"cute". 3 glove/storage boxes are great. MP3 hookup works great. Power package is worth the extra money. I wanted optimum safety so I got the ABS and side curtain airbags.

Fuel economy, turning radius, tons of space in the interior, smooth ride, iPods sound GREAT running through the iPod jack. 

The handling is my absolute favorite part of this car. The turning radius is so great that I'm not used to how easily it spins and turns and fits. It fits into literally any parking spot. The mileage is great, the ride of smooth, and I am even happy about the cupholders - I think they are handy.

Fuel economy is great. Get at least 36 on my highway drive doing 70+ . Handling is great and it's quite perky for the fuel economy.

All the little nooks and crannies for storage, including 3 glove boxes. Exceptional gas mileage, probably the best gas mileage of any non-hybrid. Manual transmission makes the vehicle rather peppy and fun to drive and offers better mileage.

The aux jack is great if you have an mp3 player. The gas mileage is one of my main reasons for buying this car and it is great - I get around 31 mpg with mostly city driving.

Great acceleration for an economy car. Nice styling and alloy wheels. I'm 6'2" tall and find the interior very roomy, with the sport seats. Great handling and fun to drive.

Gas mileage, comfort of the cabin, multiple storage compartments and cup holders, roomy and adjustable back seat, MP3 jack!!!

Size, zip, seats, quiet, style, trunk, instruments, interior lighting, color (pacific blue).

Aside from the mileage, there's a surprising amount of room, and the driver is sitting up high (better visibility), both of which were unexpected and nice to find. The interior is also much more nicely appointed than I expected.

Looks, alloy wheels, great auto trans, terrific mileage.

The stereo sounds wonderful. The car is fun to drive and has great zip for a little car. The gas mileage is definitely the best feature. 

Gas mileage is great and the duel trip meter makes it a snap to monitor gas mileage.

I find that having the console in the center makes it easier than having to look at it through the wheel! Adapted to it immediately; I don't have to "adjust" to see. Also love: solidness; gas mileage; "good looks" factor; roomy interior and trunk; good quality sound system.

30-40 MPG, Good sound system, peppy little car, can park ANYWHERE.

I have so many compartments and holders, and with the hatchback I have real convenience & easy access everywhere. I like the auxiliary audio jack a lot -- plug in my iPhone and listen to lectures and audiobooks and music all the time. Wish I had this car in college!

Numerous cup holders, total of 5 as I recall and they fit every cup you can imagine. The fold flat seats make it so you can fit practically anything in the car. Backseats are also extremely comfortable.

Exterior looks, gas mileage, easy maneuverability

Interior and exterior features and gas mileage.



Fuel economy, manual, exterior looks and heater.

The look and GAS!

The fuel mileage. With the adequate ground clearance it seems to handle well in the snow, which is why I didn't buy the Civic. My friend gets stuck in her Civic, even with studded tires, to low to the ground. I suspect you will see lots of these in Colorado. I live in a very similar place.

Great gas mileage, sticker price on this car was only $13,300. Park it anywhere. Good comfort for this small of a vehicle.

MPG, MP3 player, loads of storage (3 glove boxes)

I really like the gas mileage. The overall smooth ride and smallness of the car makes it fun to drive. The exterior of the car is not box like. Easy maintenance one can change their own oil fyi I am a girl too. The fold down back seat is great for moving things and skis. 

Cup holders (awesome), the get up and go, sunroof, sound system, space (two 6'4+ comfortable), travels well, gas, awesome storage compartments through out, and the compliments I receive for it! :D

Gas mileage 

Multiple gloveboxes, MP3 jack

MP3, comfort everything!

The cup holders are awesome! Nothing goes flying across the car when you make a turn. The dashboard makes the inside look like a cockpit!

Everything

Looks, ride comfort, quality, price and above all gas mileage!

Gas mileage, ride comfort (short distance), quality workmanship, tight turning radius.

Center mounted instrument cluster; gas mileage; styling.

Body style, perfect size for student and passenger, design, ride quality, height. 

Handling, gas mileage, appearance.

I am 6 foot and the Yaris has lots of legroom for me. It handles great. Comfortable. Lots of spaces to place things. 

My Yaris has auto trans and the power package with electric windows, good radio and rear wiper with heated glass. I like the standard features that come with the base model. High mileage was my reason for buying this car. All Yaris' have a great 1.5 L engine with 4 valves per cyl and VVT.

All the gloveboxes and cubbies. The design is so cute, very euro. Easy and fun to drive. I like the speedometer placement I think it is stupid to have to look through a steering wheel. Great gas mileage. Auxiliary input. Black interior, black seats with blue polka dots! No beige please!

Storage compartments, sporty handling, good visibility, and everything else! Super car!

MPG, quirky style, centermount instrumentation

The speedometer in the center took getting used to but I tend to see how fast I am driving now. The placement of the cup holders is also different but definitely works. 

Cup holders; fact you can plug in MP3 player. 

MPG, passenger comfort, cute exterior, aux jack, nice interior storage

It's so spacious inside, the passing 3rd gear is awesome and fun and easy to use, and it really gives the car extra power when you need to pass. MPG! I love the extra glove boxes on the drivers and passengers side of the dash board. It's a breeze to park and get out of tight spaces too.

Wife likes the center gauges - on all our previous cars she has had difficulty seeing the gauges through the steering wheel because she has to have the seat as far forward as it will go.

Comfortable for a cheap car and GREAT gas mpg. Interior is "different" with speedometer in the center but I like the extra glove box behind the steering wheel. It helps make my economy car seem a little different than the rest of the cars in its class. 

For a low priced small car there really are no features so I would have to say all of them. 

Gas mileage. MP3 player. Overall exterior appeal. 

MP3 jack, MPG, quiet ride, versatile seating, fun to drive

ALL of them thus far. Stereo is great, steering A+, mileage>>woohooo!!! I don't have a "favorite" yet - I'm just in awe of my car still! 

MPG - A/C works great. Seat is ok on comfort. Power windows and door locks. Inside space is large for such a small car. The styling of the car is great. People always smile when the look at it.

Seats are comfortable. Manual transmission/engine is zippy. Fit and finish is excellent. Nice trunk size.

Ride, design, headlights, trunk space, seats and stereo. Also the iPod input jack is wonderful. Stereo sounds great.

Can change how much light is shown in the dash. Larger trunk then expected. Cheapest car with best mileage I found. Gas light blinks when you have 1.6 gallons left.

Handling, interior simplicity, visibility. The interior room is incredible for what it looks like from the outside.

Everything, easy to maintain simplicity of controls. Big trunk

Sporty European looks. MPG is great over my 4X4. Drives sporty and has a great turning radius. Plenty of room in the back for grown ups to sit. Plenty of cargo room with the seats down. Get up and goes well. No problems driving through Atlanta traffic. 

Seats fit me like a glove; car handles like a champ; interior fabric is fresh and attractive; and there are more cubbies in this car than any I've ever owned (7 cup-holders, 3 glove compartments, 1 smaller compartment, 4 storage nooks, 4 side cubbies, and 2 seat back pockets)! AND great gas mileage!

interior storage, ease of parking, gas mileage.

The interior is great. I'm 6 foot 3 and 215 pounds, and I have more room in the Yaris than the Kia sedan they gave me as a renter while I waited for my Yaris. Fuel efficiency is outstanding. Nice sound system too.

Toyota reliability and MPG!!!

Looks, MPG, stereo, turning circle, stopping, sporty look, parking, aftermarket things that you can get. When at the gas station you get a lot of attention and questions asked about MPG. I love this little car!! Everyone should have at least one in there driveway. 

Fuel economy. 

Dash, rear seats, interior room, rarity of the car in my area. Seems everyone is trying to figure out what it is.

Black upholstery with periwinkle dots; gas mileage; gauges; all the nooks and crannies; turning radius. 

Fun to drive. Gas mileage. Interior "looks" (I have the upgraded interior).

Large opening on the hatchback means I can put bulky items in the back, such as a chair or large plastic bins. People are constantly surprised at how comfortable it is to ride in, even in the back seat. Toyota quality, great gas mileage, and a low monthly payment = nuff said!

Toyota reliability and great fuel economy. It's also fun to drive. I just sold my gas guzzling Dodge Hemi pickup and it was a big change but I like it. Every time I fill the tank I save $60.

I like the in dash storage areas, plenty of interior space for my needs, good mileage. So far, a great basic little car -- my little buddy.

Fuel economy, exterior, stereo

Centre cluster, easy to view. Rather than being hidden behind the steering wheel like most other cars.

Hatchback is very fun design. 

Turning radius. MPG obviously. The oil filter is extremely easy to change with no spilling. Fun to drive.

Mileage, quality, styling, fun to drive, low cost/mile including initial.

Aux plug, radio is great, large passenger compartment.

Handling, folding rear seat, a/c, cd player, storage, mpg, a/c controls.

Gas mileage obviously, cute factor, price tag, Toyota dependability.

I love the colors Toyota offers. Mine is blue as the review. The ability to park in nyc anywere is the coolest. 



I think the overall look is great (I have the blazing blue Pearl). I like the fold-flat rear seats, multiple storage spaces and the center-mounted dash display is perfect for me because of my placement of my hand on the wheel. 

Everything. Can fit all three of my dogs into it very comfortably now.



MPG, MP3/aux.

Fuel economy better than expected. Electronic power steering. MP3/WMA capable CD player.

Awesome turn around. I can snag parking spots easier than most people.

Gas mileage is my favorite thing about the car. Driveability and maneuverability are also pluses.

The Yaris is fun to drive. It handles great. Good acceleration. I go 80 without even trying. Everyone who has seen it is impressed. The hatchback is very cool looki Its the best looking small car out there and its environmentally friendly. I feel like I am making a statement driving this car

Awesome gas mileage, inexpensive, MP3 player.

Hill assist automatic transmission.

Gas mileage decent ride for a little car. Exterior design

Nice to drive, cup holders, very comfortable, and the odometer is in the middle, which doesn't distract me when am looking at how fast am going. I also love the cruise control. 

Everything

