The automatic air conditioning controls. I set it for 68 degrees and it makes it happen. I love it! 

The variability of the cargo space. This vehicle has great pickup.

Seat warmers, conversation mirror, tons of storage, center console, XM radio high view of road, overall fit and finish, great visibility throughout.

Leather, heated seats XM, storage, cargo room, exterior looks.

Great looking car.



Drives exceptionally well. Great handling in all weather. Great vision for driver. Easy to use controls. Lots of room. Good rear video. Solid climate control. Okay stereo, won't bust out the windows but I love xm radio (ESPN and BBC are my favorites)

comfort and handling, although cornering is a little substandard



I love the regular house plug in the console, its a God-send!! Plenty of room, power and space, without being lost in the crowd of Suburbans and Tahoes. A little more ground clearance for local flooding issues than our old minivan.

It's a Honda - a well-made car at a good price. Big comfortable interior. Feels like sitting in a living room.

Very Roomy

Size, bullet-proof Honda engineering -ease of reconfiguring and putting 2 back rows of seats up or down -EXCELLENT insurance ratings (3 year newer Pilot cost less to insure than our CR-V for same coverage) -Safe -quiet

Integrated console, Navi, Seats.

Gas mileage with the Econ. Heated seats, rear air condition, and moonroof.

We are retired and have adopted our three grandchildren and the rear entertainment system is great on trips. The kids watch what they want and we have normal conversations, and radio channel selections. The safety and comfort is excellent.

Size, height

Seats are easy to fold down. Plenty of leg room in the 2nd row and decent space in the third row for children. It takes regular gas - big $ saver and gets decent mileage for a full size SUV. Attractive styling, easy handling and comfortable for long trips. Factory DVD is a lifesaver.

Love the 4WD, overall design cues (head/tail lights), I actually like the VP 16'rims more than the EXL rims. All of the power, safety, reliability, none of the frills.



Ride, visibility, comfort, solid quality and value for the price. Sun roof, leather and XM radio are nice features.

Roomy interior, third row, pow, visibility. solid feeling, exterior look

decent sound system, standard 3rd row seat, bright headlights, peppy engine.

Rear Vid DVD, plays different sounds than front CD when both are in use. Roomy, and roomy 3rd row seating. Smooth and quiet!

Leather seating is very comfortable for long drives, smooth ride, xm radio, plenty of room for storage and adults

Decent Headlights, Roomy, Cargo space, fold down 3rd row. 

Handling, XM radio, Subwoofer, Quietness except road noise from tires, comfort, space, engine power, 4x4, 8 seatings, 40/60 split 3rd row.

Everything... the ride, the pick-up, handling in bad weather... SOOO fun to drive!!!

I like the looks and layout. It was very comfortable on a trip.

Seats, quality leather. Exterior design. Boxy is good for a vehicle in this class.

DVD, XM radio, awd, 3rd row seating, wireless headset.

Written by: 

Moonroof, vehicle stability assist, XM, 26% discount, separate environmental system and controls for rear passengers. It's a Honda Pilot!

EX-L package completes the vehicle, makes it more enjoyable.

Space and visibility.

Heated Seats, moon roof, heat, comfort level, ability to tell you exactly which tire is low and oil life too. 

Cool head lights, soft ride, and I can't say enough about the safety of this SUV. 

none for now

Safety, comfort, ride, and space. 

Interior, engine Door thunk when closing



Heated leather seats, moon roof, Truthfully I love everything about my Honda Pilot!

Spacious, traditional clean design, adequate or better road handling than most SUV's in the V6 class. VCM feature, and standard safety features.

i had chrome side steps added and that makes the pilot a mean car to see in your rear view mirror

Field of view is outstanding from behind the drivers seat. Leather seats are very nice, Moonroof, XM radio and speaker system 

Leather seats- heated :)my rear likes that, power seats, Moon Roof, capability to drop seats into various configurations to haul stuff.

Navigation system, XM radio and VCM system ..

Quiet smooth ride, sure footing/traction in snow, Honda reliability(we have an 06' Accord w/ 64k miles on it, never been in the shop). Heats up fast on cold Minnesota mornings! Cell phone holder in foldout of main console. Fog lights really light up the road.

I love all the safety features of this thing! The auto-shut off for the passenger airbag if there is less than 70lbs in the seat. Full side airbags throughout the vehicle. Tire pressure and oil life monitoring systems. Multiple cup holders and outlets throughout cabin are also nice. Good job Honda!

Price. Easy to use voice command controls for everything from climate control to Navigation. Ride. 3rd row seat. Fit and finish. Firm, heated seats with high-quality leather trim 

XM radio built in, 3rd row seat, front seat comfort.

Ride, gas mileage on a big safe SUV.

Comfort, roominess, smooth drivability

Nice smooth ride, and very quiet, except on noisy roads. We love the storage spaces and cup holders, which are scattered throughout the car. The second and third row seats fold down easily to provide additional space. 

xm radio, dvd player, 6disc cd changer,wireless headsets for the dvd player

Firm ride and handling-much less truck- like than you'd expect. Some people complained about seat comfort, but I think it's great feeling of safety with keds in the car (loaded w/ airbags-and very solid) Entertainment system and conversation mirror are great for trips w/ the kids

Comfortable seats, so smooth on roads, high performance, excellent stability, perfect vtm4 system

The pick up, comfort, room & the styling of it.

Favorite features are ease of driving, accessibility and readability of instruments, comfortable seats, sound system, navigation system, visibility of road, and plenty of room for luggage, etc.

Suggested Improvements



4wd, RES, sunroof, interior style and colors, fold-flat third row, adjustable second row, xm radio, interior fabric, and storage spaces (everywhere).



Third row seat, lots of storage space, interior materials are of good grade and feel good to touch, nav system

You can fold down the 2nd row seats with the headrests on. If you fold the seats often this is a big time saver. Climate control works well and is easy to use.

DVD, XM satellite radio, 3rd row seats for carpooling

Strong engine, great suspension / handling, 4x4, good looking and it is a Honda!

Ride, 7 speaker stereo

