Sport Suspension

fit/finish; practical design; excellent mpg-- 22/27mpg actual mileage!; Toyota certified used car program (7yr/100,000 mile warranty)

Love the rear window, tie down rings, MP3 input, sun roof, fold down seats. 

V8, AWD...fast! Like the interior also, but living in Vegas we have recently had problems with the CD Changer/radio display because of the heat. Not sure what's going on, but CD's are getting kicked out on start up. H3 didn't offer the rear air vents, amongst other standard features on Toyota!

Everything.

With the sunroof open, side and rear windows down it reminds me of my 1965 Mercury Montclair with the Breezeway window ... feels like almost like a convertible. Great looking in Titanium Silver Metallic. The seats are very comfortable and non-fatiguing on a 8.5 hour trip taken recently.

The sport edition with the 8 speakers is among the best stock stereos I have heard. I really like that the back window goes down, so do my dogs. Fold flat seats allow me to sleep when I go camping and fishing. We'll see how it does on my trip to the arctic circle next month.



Roll-down rear gate window, seat adjustability is great, BRAKES are awesome (better than some sports cars I've owned), engine super-smooth, 4WD features are nice and easy to use, vehicle is quiet on the highway. Rear blind-spot backing mirrors are a nice touch too!

Very comfortable and fun to drive on our three hour drive to the mountains. Capable of off-road navigation from the dealer. My dogs love the rear cargo area.

Nav system, driver seat memory, bluetooth connection

Easy access of controls.

Looks like a real SUV should. Cross-overs don't do it for me. Quiet and solid feeling. Drive through a 3 foot tall snow bank like it's not even there. 

Moon roof, retractable rear window. Sound system, heavy duty suspension, 18 inch tires, 

None I can think of. Perhaps it's build quality, but it's brand new so have no way of knowing what the long term outcome will be.

Exterior appearance. Rides smoothly. Handles great on the road. Love the leather interior. Great storage space.

The rear window is power so in the summer its going to be nice to put that down and get some air flow.

NO rattles or squeaks. Electric rear window. Heated seats. Very smooth ride on the highway. Compass in rear-view mirror. Nav has a good sized screen with adjustments for brightness and color. A bit daunting to learn for an "old guy", but I'm getting there. JBL stereo. Steering wheel controls.

Sport Package. Slide down rear glass.

Smooth quiet riding, impeccable build quality, XREAS, self-leveling rear suspension for towing.

Responsive 4wd system. Traction is excellent.

Sun roof and rear window, V8, Galactic Gray paint, cup holders that a Nalgene bottle will fit in (still need one more for the wifes and my coffee). Plenty of leg room in the back seats for adults. Did I mention the sun roof and the V8?

I love the way it looks. It rides good with little noise.

V8 engine has gobs of power but I still average 20.5 mpg. The ride is incredible as well.

Lots of trunk space, sunroof, Galactic Gray paint. X-REAS suspension. I also like the cupholders, which really can hold large bottles.

High clearance. Rear power window is awesome!!

Stirring controls, moonroof tilt opening and closing feature, and the power rear view glass.

The off-road capabilities. The attention to details. Overall quality. Performance and handling. Timeless good looks, not trendy.

Please see review dated 11/24/2007 entitled A Worthy Investment. Add impressive towing capabilities and awe inspiring stability.

White Blizzard pearl, a true collector edition this makes it a unique 4Runner. Very nice finish and detail. Love the X-REAS.

Handling, MPG, ride. Will change my own oil thanks to nifty idea on oil filter/drain idea. Like the overall looks of the UR package and the pearl really stands out over standard white 4runner. Use my phone a lot and Bluetooth option is great.

The exterior design and ride quality.

Amazing off road capability (handles the AZ mts. like no other), rear window, third row, sleek color (galactic gray), rugged exterior, sound system, comfort, power (even without the V-8).

Great clearing height and skid-plates; a real-SUV feel and solid construction. If you've ever owned or loved your last 4runner, you're going to be thrilled with this one. 



V-8 feels stronger on the low-end and midrange than the 2006, love that. Mileage is still great 20mpg with all synthetic oil. Rear window, JBL stereo, nav, wheels, perfect size car for us, Torsen diff is awesome, live axle and great towing for a med size SUV. A perfect compromise even my wife loves!

Looks, versatility, heated seats.

Dependability, navigation system, side mirrors are big and easy to view and the styling of the vehicle. It is nice know that I have the confidence in a vehicle that can get me safely to areas that I want to go in any weather.

V8, 4x4, ruggedness, safety features, visibility out the rear, reliability, towing capacity, sound system, roof rack, shifter.

MP3 capability is standard. Rear roll down window.

Safety features are by far the best on the market. Every safety feature works flawlessly. Believe me, I am a living testament. I really would not be here if it hadn't been for my 4Runner. The XSP package is awesome. It really made my truck stand out from the crowd. 

Gas mileage (22-25 hwy), looks, 4wd performance, ride, quietness.

Nav & roll down rear window. 

Engine, quality interior materials (i.e., no cheap plastics anywhere), solid feeling, great view, fun to drive, its general utility, plenty of space, great ride for a truck based SUV, love the nav system, especially the back up camera (a GREAT safety feature). Rugged good looks.

Safety features like stability control, ABS, side bags and curtains. Nice ride and again, Toyota reliability, and higher than average resale.

X-REAS suspension (opt on Limited) which flattens out corners; QV Limited Value package; flattest folding rear seat (models w/o 3rd row); lights on running boards; distinctive black wood- grain; Nav with backup camera; tilt & telescoping wheel; lots of torque; LED taillights; factory trailer hitch.

Engine (6) and solid axle.

Bumper to bumper full length ladder frame with the body?s robust front, side and rear crumple zones plus the roof corners are heavy gauge steel and feel solid. Four piston front brake calipers, active headrests,fast navigation system with plenty of extras. Excellent paint finish and body panel fit.

