Road stability is great. We feel completely safe in all conditions with the 4 wheel drive. Mileage has been 16.5 around town and 20.9 on trips.



everything is automatic, wipers even come on by themselves,..OnStar is great.

XM radio, OnStar, hands-free calling

Retractable running boards and automatic rear lift gate on the outside. On the inside the hits keep on coming. There are so many to pick out a few rain sensor wipers, heated first and second row seats, the navigation system and OnStar. 

4wd a must in Michigan. Back heated buckets, power everything, GPS, remote start, ride is outstanding, looks.

4 buckets, nav, DVD, power lift gate & remote start & climate control is better than before. 

OnStar is pretty darn cool. Just a great looking truck

Power, towing, ride comfort, good quality interior, and lots of room.

White Diamond color looks great, DVD player, power steps, roomy interior, drives well, loads of options, backup camera, lots of safety features

The look of the vehicle.

Abundant safety features: OnStar, stability control, roll-over sensors, 360 degree airbags, anti-lock brakes, rearview camera. Quad capt (heated) seats -love pwr release, sound system rocks, OnStar impressive. Onboard telephone very clear. White Diamond Tricoat very nice & not typical black/white.

Loads of room for friends and toys. Bells and whistles galore! Awesome stereo w/ Bose sub (my fav.). Impressive power. Two tone leather. Sun roof. Seemless 4x4 in auto setting. Real offroad capability.

My LT3 Is fully decked out, the only difference between the LTZ is the center console and the chrome trimmings which I added for like $700 at the dealer. I love all the features.

The LTZ comes loaded, and I love all of the features. The navigation system and XM radio are great. The 4 cyl deactivation is seamless. The heated washer fluid is nice on subzero days. Driver's info center gives good info. Auto load leveling gives secure handling whether full or not.

Satellite radio and DVD player.

OnStar turn by turn, ride quality. Pretty much all of the new features, standard and options.

Flex fuel, kid loves DVD, wife was really suprised with handling. I traded her Honda Pilot on this. We love all the cargo room. We opted not to get GPS, b/c a portable Garmin only cost $4-500 vs $2000. Our OnStar came with directions for a year & displays it in the driver information center.

Leather seating, sound system, GPS, backup camera, and of course the ride.

Exterior look, engine power band, ecosystem of after-market parts and improvements. NAV and DVD system work fine. Low parts cost.

The LTZ is loaded and I love all the features. The auto folding mirrors are very cool.

Heated leather bucket seats turned out to be nice addition. GPS has worked out well, use it often. XM radio (Disney) for kids. Ceiling vents in rear areas really move air with independent controls. You really have to have the rear camera option to ensure what is behind you - you feel secure backing.

Leather seats, stereo, parking assist, remote start

Exterior look, comfy seats, very functional. Incredible car.

Driver and passenger seat controls, heated seats, DVD, power on the highway!

