When it works, I like the way it handles the road.

AWD works great in midwest winters; paddle shifters, excellent handling, comfortable/luxurious leather seats, stereo system sounds incredible, exterior design, directional xenon headlights, 18" rims with low profile tires. Acceleration once car is rolling.Hard to limit my favorite features.

The seats and the ease of the controls. 

Seats feel good/supportive. I love the heated seats option. The interior is clean looking and is made with high quality materials. Bluetooth is a nice feature. I swore I wouldn't get black after having 2 other black cars, but I couldn't help it. To me, it looks the best on this car. 

Quattro, 3.2 engine and handling

I'm having fun with the shifters mounted on the steering wheel and the bluetooth phone setup is very convenient and easy to operate. The trunk space is fantastic and headroom just right for my frame. 

Bluetooth phone/radio options, auto fold-in side view mirrors, brakes stop on a dime, head turning looks on the highway, gas mileage for this powerful a car.

Great handling and great on gas.

Tiptronic, Bluetooth, ipod deck

The interior, the full-size spare in the trunk, the butter smooth gearbox, the MMC sound and nav system. Ours is a black on black S-Line with the Titanium package. The car runs great, looks great and attracts a crowd wherever it stops. Not bad at all for last year's model. 

Overall interior and exterior design is very sleek. Has many extra features that other convertible sport cars do not have, especially the AWD system which will come in handy in the winter. 

All wheel drive

Highway mileage over 30 MPG. Comfort & support of seats. Bluetooth phone is as clear as a regular phone.

This car's electronics bedazzle! All fluid levels are checked. Outside temp noted. Fuel level is displayed & future miles are extrapolated; after factoring in your current speed. Dirty disc brakes? Hit the windshiled washer - it also washes your discs - plus your headlight covers. Locking gas cap!

"S" setting for S-line tip-tonic xmsn's. beautiful leather all over.

Interior and exterior style and looks. Great torque with very little turbo lag. Versatile handling and driving dynamics suited for a wide range of driving conditions. QUATTRO! Build quality. Excellent MPG

Bluetooth phone, moonroof, classic lines. I think the titanium package really added to the style without going too over the edge. I also like the auto lights on, wipers on, etc. Lastly, the left foot rest is great - perfectly flat and you don't feel the wheel well.

Four wheel drive; throaty engine; exterior style; optional sport suspension; optional stereo/satellite radio upgrade

Daytime running lights, buetooth cellphone, stellite radio, IPOD adapter, S mode on tranny is very intuitive, paddle shifters, visibility, traction, rear storage room, ease of ability to put things on the roof.

Bluetooth device, exterior look and acceleration for a four cylinder is great. Oh let me not forget the sound system is wonderful.

Strong 4 cylinder engine. Great gas mileage. Great room in front seats. Great seat heaters, comfortable car for two adults. 

Styling: inside & out, price, overall driving pleasure 

Price, features, overall driving experience

The xenon adaptive headlights are incredible. Also love the steering wheel paddle shifters. Great sound system, fit & finish, materials. Just tremendous.

When it worked the AWD was awesome, very good in the snow, the one time I got to use it. Handling was great.

6 speed manual; nice looking rims; bluetooth; overall appearance is sharp. 

Transmission-7spd--great on gas mileage and fun to drive in sport shift mode. Seats--very comfortable. Good power steering is smooth.

The 4WD transmission and the electronic breaking, steering, stabilization, etc, integrate very well. It's a pleasure to race the car, I am saying that as one who drives well but not professionally. The clutch is very smoooth to operate, leading to better control and avoiding unnecessary weariness.

Engine, sound system, styling and fuel economy.

Great fun-to-fuel efficiency ratio. Interior design and finish is the best on the market.

We love the look and the feel of the vehicle as we are driving it.

The interior lighting at night is awesome, MP3 player works very well, quattro, huge trunk, and pretty good mileage. Can't wait for snow!

Tiptronic transmission, sporty look, pretty decent gas mileage (compared to the Blazer I was driving) and really nice interior.

Sports car-like handling, 6 speed paddle Tiptronic shifting, Sport shift and over-all interior and exterior looks.

Handling, handling, handling - more important than raw horsepower. This car just wants to go and the 6spd lets you maneuver when you need to. Quiet, no rattles or squeaks (incl. brakes) as I've seen others report.

Having no door lock stems.

Tiptronic paddle shifters, selectable sunroof opening, instrument panel computer, exterior S-Line styling, better cup holder placement, and bi-xenon adaptive headlights.

