The favorite thing we like is the room in the back. We've gone on trips and can fit a lot in it and with the seats going down also is great. 

I love the lumbar controls and the ability to adjust the bottom of the seat to tilt forward and back rather than simply adjusting the seat back. I love the tire air pressure warning light. It shows exactly which tire needs air. 

Power, sports shifting, good handling, quite ride, great on trips, all around air bags, handy hatch with choice of window or entire hatch opening, five star crash rating, 100,000/10 yr warranty, good sound system, plenty of power outlets for kid's games/dvd etc.

Exterior design. Strong engine. Comfortable seating. Factory warranty.

I love the interior and exterior of my little chuck wagon. I feel safe inside when driving thru inclement weather.

Easy to drive, great little suv. I liked everything about it.

Interior, fit and finish. Solid, solid car. Love that rear glass opens on the hatch. Holy cow does the heater work!!! A/C is the same. Love the windshield de-icer feature. Slick! 14yr old, 12yr old, and 2 1/2 yr old in back seat have juuuuuust enough room with parkas on. Not bad considering...

Lots of power and great handling. Very smooth ride for an SUV. 

The 4x4 works great when its not stuck in 4 low!

sportamatic transmission

3.8 Engine. I have owned sports cars and street machines and the horsepower ROCKS

LOVE having a wiper deicer, nice not having the blades ice up, great radio sound. Nice being able to put 6 CDs in at one time. First time I've had power windows, sun roof and fog lights. Feel safer with airbags all the way around (including drivers knee).

Power to pass on interstate, cd player sounds good too. Feels solid, lots of interior lights, rides great.

Large rear view mirror, mp3 & stereo (haven't tried mp3 yet), feels solid, visors extend for sun coverage, lumbar support feels great, controls on steering wheel are awesome, kids like sunroof.

Lovin' the 5 star crash test rating, very roomy interior, stylish exterior, chromed two-toned dash, 4x4 is unstoppable in snow, and V6 provides ample power with hemi sound! 

Smooth and solid drive, powerful acceleration, great styling, decent gas mileage.

High front crash test rating, side curtain air bags. Lots of front console storage space. Fold down rear seats. Lots of standard features such as: CD, power locks, power windows, V6 engine. Cheap price! Lots of power! Quality interior and exterior craftsmanship. 

Nice mileage, haven't seen how it handles in the snow yet.

Ease of entry, visibility, 21 gallon fuel tank, seat comfort and spaciousness. Turning radius, feels solid and sure on the road.

Manual tranny control. And just the right size SUV. Not big hunkin truck

Simple yet elegant. Interior space is enough for five passengers. Long drive doesn't seem tiring.

Solid feel, look & style

Power, and lots of it! No wimpy on-ramp events with this vehicle! Also, more power at this altitude (CO) does help with economy (underpowered vehicles just don't cut it).

The look of the exterior, cargo room, plenty of power, console layout (I use the little change drawers a lot). I live in a windy area and it does surprisingly well. I love the tire pressure monitoring system. Good for those who don't always notice a tire that's a little low. Warranty. Decent mpg. 

Strong engine, auto stick, comfort, high profile tires that eat up bumps, nice rims, nice overall appearance, good visibility.

Starbucks Coffee machine at dealership. I have used it a lot with the service waits I have had. 

The LX Sport and Leather Packages, with the black-on-black interior. I prefer the LX to the EX because the sunroof in the EX takes up too much headroom for my 6'3'' frame, and I also don't like the EX cladding or the chrome door handles. My silver exterior and black leather interior look great.

Color options, comfort and style

Interior layout, exterior looks.

