interior styling, xm radio, decent fuel economy

I love the power fold in side mirrors and power rear window shade. One touch power windows and sunroof is also very convenient. 

All features are our favorite.



Pawer retracting mirrors; window shade in back window; form fit and function of everything in and out of the car; handling; turning radius; fuel economy; performance (quick - quicker than the Buick with the Cadillac engine; visibility; comfort; stereo; ease of entering and exiting; etg. SemperFi

Power folding mirrors, pedals, sunshade. Amazing stereo and expensive Lexus like beep when unlocking/locking the car. Great looking car, especially in black.

plenty of power. attractive outside design

Performance of 3.8L engine (0-60 in under 7 secs.), smooth shifting of 5 speed trannie (auto stick too), styling, paintwork, interior appointments, etc. The car compares favorably to my Lexus LS400 at a heck of a lot less expense. IT IS A FUN CAR TO DRIVE AND POLISH AND JUST LOOK AT.

Freeway handling, stereo, acceleration, gauges, overall features. Seats are very comfortable. 

1. 6 ft 2 tall and can still enjoy the moon roof 2. room for 2 people 6 ft 2 in in back seat 3. value 4. warranty 5 turning radius 

Value, powertrain, interior design and comfort, ultimate package with rain- sensing wipers, infinity stereo, power pedals, power folding mirrors, etc. I also like the understated exterior styling, safety features and the long warranty. This car is NOT just a dressed-up Sonata.

Handles nice.

Sound system is great!! Handles alot better than my 2006 Camry.

Comfortable seating with lots of room. Logical controls. Stable handling. Great engine performance. Trunk with lots of space. 

All your luxury accouterments are there including fully adjustable seats, pedals, mirrors, seat heaters. The only option I don't have are the hands-free dialer and the Nav package. But I have them already. 

Rear sun shade, room for all passengers, (I took some friends out for an evening and the three ladies in back ALL said they had more than enough room and were VERY comfortable, even the one in the middle), responsive handling, TRUNK SPACE!!!

Sound System, navigation is great, acceleration and knowing that I paid thousands less than other brands.

Automatic rain-sensing wipers, this is a great safety feature as you won't have to worry about adjusting the wipers when it rains, you can keep your eyes on the road and not get distracted. I also like the navigation system, rear sunshade, plenty of head and leg room in front and rear, and sunroof.



Rear sun screen, XM radio, moonroof ... the list goes on.

Power rear sunshade (there was a "heat wave" on our trip to the Northwest. The SHIFTRONIC transmission was great on the mountain roads and behind retirees on Hwy 101.

Auto dimming mirror, auto lights, auto wipers, memory seats, exterior design, great power curve

nav, seats, space, sound system, heated seats, moonroof, power folding mirrors with signal indicator , air vents for the back seats

Color, ride,good looking curb appeal. The finest radio I have Ever heard. Of course it is the 605 watt Infinity with 12 (count em 12)speakes.

Interior is great as is the ride. Very responsive.

color when its spotless(barely), engine, quietness, shiftronic

Too many to choose just one. When you sit down to read all the features on this car, be sure to set aside enough time...there are many.

power, color, lots of room, quietness of engine, new car smell lol:)

