Loved the exterior and when people turned to admire the car, then I told them the MPG and they laughed. Less box shaped than the Escape, but the mileage shadows all the good features.

Not VUE specific but these newer cars can do so much and look so nice. A lot of good change in just 3 years (coming from a 2005).

Nice list of features---heated seats, rain sensing wipers, etc. 

xm radio/onstar, controls on steering wheel, auto thermal controls, rain sensor wipers, easy fold down seats for large cargo loads

Design, exterior and interior sweet

Love the two center arm rest storage sections, the iPod connection, rear seat back reclining adjustment, fuel economy.

OnStar, for directions. (now my wife cant yell at me) extending arm rest is also good, wish it was longer. Fit and finsih are very good.

Exterior looks

Ride is good, I think it is quiet, controls are easy to operate. The seats are fine for me, I am 5'7 with a bad back all has been great. XM and Onstar a big plus. I love the color Golden Cashmere and interior color. Crash test results a big plus, I think Saturn are putting safety first with this Vue.

The savings in terms of gas. Well equipped when purchased with optional equipment.

I really like the European feel to it. I think it drives really well. The engine can be a little sluggish if you slowly press on the gas pedal but if you stomp on it the electric motor kicks in and it takes off. I can usually chirp the tires. I like we get the same fuel economy as a sedan.

Gas mileage (27 mpg mixed driving) including a lot of stop/start. Haven't tested all highway yet. A lot of attention to detail on interior features. Looks good, drives good, lots of cargo space. I like the aux audio input. I love OnStar, connected to my Verizon account. turn by turn directions nice.

XM Radio, fuel efficiency, driver's seat adjustments, one year of OnStar, hybrid system warranty, built in programmable garage door opener. Fair price for a very nicely made and appointed vehicle.

Exterior look, rims, XM radio, attractive interior, hybrid feature has allowed for average of 27 mpg. "Hip factor" due to hybrid. We've had more people ask about it than cars twice the cost.

Mileage, price, interior/exterior design. We like the alloy wheels and trim. Hybrid system warranty. Ability to try OnStar for a year and 30min Verizon phone.

Excellent vision, smooth transfer from gas to battery. Great styling, excellent gas mileage, cool insterment panel and sound system. 

Looks, gas mileage, ride, safety 

