Stereo system with build into computer

DVD, navigation and remote start.

The power lift gate, almost-flat cargo area, and wheel mounted controls.

none



The Aspen is a very nice looking SUV that has a great sound system. Kids love the DVD and all the space. The Aspen is very comfortable and has a very smooth ride and is great in the snow.

We love the look of this truck. Also, very comfortable seats, and plenty of leg room. Great pick-up and smooth ride.

Mygig entertainment, running boards, power, and ride quality.

Power seat, 3rd row, fog lights, heated seats, DVD player, music hard-drive, satellite radio, roof rack.

Looks great, runs bad

MPG, DVD, Blue tooth, voice command, 4 heated seats, storage, auto lift hatch, tinted rear windows, on the fly 4x4, dvd entertainment, price & warranty, styling, comfort, fold flat 3rd row, 9000 lbs. towing, air presure monitoring, leather seating. leg room, sun roof, auto start, color, sound system

5.7 Hemi engine, full-time AWD, nice navigation system, remote start, memory for mirrors/pedals/radio/climate for multiple drivers.

Body design, interior consoles.

Interior, stereo, power.

Everything. Sunroof is great, steering wheel controls, power liftgate, remote start, but probably the Hemi most of all.

Value, value, value, Classy looks,flashy chrome, smooth ride, two tone leather, MyGig, roomy, lift gate, remote start, power adj. pedals, fit and finish is awesome, real head turner, not just another fish in the sea! Color keyed running boards, color of int. lights. HEMI power!

MyGig system with Navigation, Sirius radio, DVD player, remote starter and rear camera.

Power liftgate and touch screen Alpine radio. Also love having the ability to download music and videos



The front of the car

MYGig, Sirius Radio, Outlet in back for kids game console, seat comfort, heated seats in the back will make after skiing drive home with the kids will be nicer!!

Love the MyGIG Multimedia System with the Navigation and Sirius Radio. The back up camera is also a nice option.

Love my Sirius Radio, love the safety of side air curtains.

Touch screen,Alpine system, all the features, interior is amazing! The signature series pretty much comes with everything that you'd want.

MyGig system, Hemi engine, Looks.

Very roomy and comfortable in the inside!

The comfy leather seats



everything.

with the powerful hemi engine I can pull about anything I want.

Luxurious interior; smooth ride; navigation; remote start, etc...

Luxury look and feel and 2nd row bucket seats are easy to operate with the kids.

MyGIG /Navigation, remote start

Dvd, Navigation, 20" chrome wheels, everything

The head room and leg room with the interior are my favorites. But, you can't forget about the driving experience.

Huge cargo area in a vehicle that has a relatively small footprint. 

My favorite freature would have the be my gig system myine came with. I love the fact thati can park this baby with out breaking a seat. The leather interior is also my favorite along with the drivers space. 

The style inside. The spaciousness even though it has a slimmer body than other SUVs, it doesn't feel like it when you're inside. 

Fun to drive, viability, and ease of exit and entrance. It just plain looks good.

Everything, the easy to access controls on the steering wheel, the wood grain accents through out, the heated second row captains chairs, the number of cup holders. 

Touch radio/nav system, seats, smooth ride.

Overall quality for the money. Ride and quietness. all the features you'll want. Must order with 28j package, however. Few other options needed.

Hemi, My Gig, auto start, rear park with camera.. where do I start?

