Powered lift gate, leather seats, memory settings, fold down seats and cover for cargo.

It starts in all kinds of weather and has a very stable ride.

Powwow rear door, automatic side view backup mirrors, all-around quality and dependability.

Backup camera, wipers, bluetooth,overall design ok. Auto rear hatch, nice storage underneath the cargo area for road stuff. Cargo cover a bit much, make it an option. Headlight great love it when you go around corners. Driving is comfortable, no feel however. Fun vehicle and overall function OK.

Engine power and fuel economy.

Back up camera, power door, ease of handling, performance

Power rear hatch is great. Like floor emerg. brake so it doesn't take up console space. Adjustable center console allows a perfect location for any handbag. Nav. system & Bluetooth are great. Self adjusting headlights are great & I love the power of Xenon lights.

My favorite features are the back power door and rain sensor wipers. Audio system is standard but the sound quality is supurb.Also thought the cargo mat was great as one side is matching carpet and the other is rubber for when you carry something that may wet or dirty.

Absolutely love the included Bluetooth, backing-up video display, and the power rear door. The additional left-side driver's dash cupholder is pure design genius.

Auto rain sensing wipers, auto headlights, auto dual comfort system, power rear door, fit and finish, pleasing design inside and out. Smaller compact size of vehicle makes it easy and fun to drive especially for a woman or shorter person. My wife loves to drive the vehicle.

Split sets, better MPG than I thought.

Power lift gate, comfortable seats, back-up camera, gas mileage... particularly for an SUV with so much power, smooth ride, three position reclining rear seats, automatic adjustable rain sensing wipers, turning radius, and absolutely, no buyers remorse. Excellent value for a luxury SUV!

Power rear hatch, navigation, and blue tooth. The drive is butter smooth and quiet.

The overall ride, performance, MP3 player and of course the color.

Power liftgate - power steering wheel (tilts up when you remove the key) - 40/20/40 split seats - easy to read display

Navigation system, (No iDrive), rear camera.

The nav and Bluetooth are a must for my job. The quality of materials is also nice feature. All the large storage pockets and adjustable front console are also nice features. Very smooth and quiet ride, and I have been averaging 17MPG-18MPG with all city driving... not bad for an SUV!

Nav, bluetooth, visibility, roomy interior, 

New and Improved navigation, Bluetooth, and one touch lift gate control.

Quietness, quality of interior materials, and navigation/blue tooth system. The integrated blue tooth with navigation is an outstanding feature, can't live without it. 

Power rear hatch, gas mileage.

Power rear door. MPG

Dealer Service. Fuel Economy.

The power rear hatch... the only power on this dog.

Looks, design, comfort.

Back Up Camera. Fuel Economy. 

I still rely on the nav and back-up camera unit with integrated bluetooth and don't like driving without it. Also, I finally got to see the rain-sensing wipers in action. Nice! I still like the looks of it better than anything out there right now. 

The headlights, windshield wipers, and power rear door are great.



The power lift gate is a great feature and the automatic windshield wipers are amazing.

Reliability, comfort, controls, safety, great bulid quality, and great dealer service.

Navigation, backup camera, sound system (Mark Levinson), auto swivel headlights, leather seat, smooth engine.

Sound system, climate control, just an easy vehicle to have.

Design, image, safety features, gas mileage, price, leather seats. 

Damn solid build.

Quiet, peppy, comfortable, fast cool down A/C. 

Comfortable interior; well thought-out. Leather/wood trim. Back up camera Smooth ride and handling (I'm a comfort-buff). Adequate standard sound system - more than enough for me, some audiophiles may disagree. Adjustable deep storage area allows me to tuck my purse away out of sight.

Interior trim, navigation, bluetooth in the steering wheel.

Navigation, Bluetooth, engine and handling, 18" wheels.

Power rear door is neat and handy. Power steering wheel is nice, as it gets out of the way to enter and exit. A/C excellent, and my car is black exterior and black interior.

Leg lights while driving at night, phone accessibility in the wheel, Huge display for GPS, rear camera, and DVDs (when in park). Love the wood details.

I love the new 18" 7 spoke liquid graphite wheels. They really are a set up from the standard 18" wheels. The Nav is pretty user friendly and takes only a little time to get the hang of. The second row is very spacious and the seats even recline and move forward and back.

Two words: Touchscreen navigation. It's nicely integrated and I hear that it accepts over 100 voice commands. I can only remember several at this early point in my ownership experience. The non-freon using air conditioning makes colder air than others. The dual zone feature makes us both happy

Voice activated nav system; rear back-up camera; Bluetooth; wood trim in the interior; HID headlamps.

Everything between the bumpers.

With the push of a button you can raise and lower your rear door! Also love the safety feature of having a camera for full visibility when placing the vehicle in reverse.

Pick up and the way the car drives.

Navigation system is really user friendly, and incredibly comprehensive and accurate. Ride is so smooth for an SUV. Black birds-eye maple interior was a great touch.

