Interior gauge legibility, headlight projection at night, seat comfort, ease of entry/exit, turning circle, outside style, outside visibility, navigation and XM radio, EXL/Nav features, drive-ability, tray/cup-holders between driver/fr passenger. Great long distance hauler for older couple like us. 

space,Nav and bumper sensors.

Navigation, DVD, VCM, folding back row seats, climate control (front and back rows), window shades for the middle row, power sliding doors, temperature gauge, 6 CD changer, multiple cup holders, 

The simplicity of the navigation, storage

Love the back-up camera and Gps. Great ride, easy handling. So far so good will let you know after the winter driving.

DVD, Navigation, backup camera

Navi, seats, room, seat height, gauges. EXL with Navi has great features. When you add it up, the overall experience is great, even if not scoring at the top of many categories. Much like the old Volvo 240/940, it is the whole package score that moved the vehicle to the top. 

Love the leather interior; cleans up nice. The kids love the entertainment system, although hubby complains the headphones have too much static.

Overall I'd say the fact that it drives like a car. Very quiet and very comfortable. A really nice vehicle on a trip.

Functionality, fit and finish, smooth engine and ride, value. 



Everything. The WOW factor. Being cool dropping the kids off at school.

DVD system fun, comfortable seats, ride is very nice.

Leather, LCD screen, steering mounted radio controls, flexibility with the eight seat option, alloy wheels, "punch off the line" acceleration, heated seats/mirrors, wiper blades, wireless headphones

Feature / Content vs competition which offers ala carte or part of more expensive option packages, handling, looks (for a minivan probably the best looking), interior design and space, much appreciated storage spaces all throughout, and small touches like fabric lining and spotlight in center.

Heated seats, camera display in rearview mirror, DVD, XM radio, wireless headphones (they autmacically turn off when not in use to save batteries, power doors, sunshades, heated mirrors, VCM saves fuel, quiet and powerful V6

Dealer's waiting area - free wifi! great leather seats

Backup camera, iPod jack, DVD player, road handling

Memory and heated seats, power tailgate, ratcheting armrest for front passengers. Fog lights and moonroof. The baby loves the sun shades built in. The nan knows which remote is opening the van and automatically sets the seat to that position. The all weather mats are a must.

The variable seating configurations. The deep well in the rear with the seats unstowed. The roominess of the cabin. Backup camera monitor integrated into rearview mirror.

Back up camera in rearview mirror by far. Leather, DVD and all the controls.

Telescoping steering wheel, power, plently of room, and the NAV.

engine power, handling, overall look, placement of controls, storage space throughout the vehicle, second row window control, alternate position for second row captain chair, leg room, back and thigh support for driver.

Rearview camera integrated to rear- view mirror. All safety features standard. 

Excellent handling, comfortable seating, power sliding doors, zoned air conditioning, smooth powerful engine, VCM, 5 speed transmission, wheels & tires, storage capacity, fold down split third row seat, improved radio & RES 

Rear DVD entertainment system, Bluetooth integrated navigation, dashboard, premium sound system, and Tri-zone climate system.

Seats, nav system, room, 

Back-up camera, DVD/Audio System, GPS, seating for 8, power doors and tailgate, well-designed instrumentation, smooth ride

I like the VCM that improves gas mileage. We will see how it holds up.

Styling, ride, comfort, handling, power passenger seat, heated seats.

Everything

DVD entertainment system (great with the kids), Navigation integrated with Bluetooth, premium stereo with XM.

Rear DVD entertainment and automatic side & rear doors

3-Zone temperature control, 8th seat, good-sounding 3.5 engine, 6CD, dashboard and gauges

Looks, variable cylinder management, ride, comfort features.

Honda reliability and everything else.

Nav, Blue tooth, MP3 Aux input, DVD system. Solid feel to it with no real weakneses.

I thought the DVD would be a great feature for my children but it doesn't work. 

navigation, RES, deep discount, auto tailgate 

Navigation, entertainment system, seating capacity, leather seats, speaker quality, and driving smoothness

interior flexibility

Space.

Adaptability of seating, handling of vehicle, ride comfort, storage space especially in floor storage, VCM makes gas mileage livable.

Power. Handling. Style. It likes to run fast. 

Audio system. Reliability. Handling.

Exterior styling and comfortable seats... that's about it.

Not many to rave about!

Interior space and storage

Heated seats are great in the winter, rear view camera, remote sliding doors are very handy with the kids.

Ergonomics. XM. Handling. Ride. Interior space/flexibility.

VCM (helps with gas mileage), DVD, rear-view camera, air bags all-around, comfort, convenience, features, styling (except wheels, see below).

Leather, fit and feel of the steering wheel. Shifter is actually in a nice position. Dash lights are nice, heated seats a benny. Lots of cupholders

Sunroof, XM, backup camera, iPod port, leather interior, triple climate control, interior configurations, deep & spacious trunk, middle seat windows that lower (new to us, 2000 model did not do this), multiple glove compartments, two 12-volt power ports, replacement of the spare in rear of car.

Rear entertainment. Seat comfort.

8 passenger, auto slide doors, power hatch, nav system, xm radio, rear entertainment system and gas mileage.

Mileage, people moving and cargo capacity.

Power, ride, styling, shift quality are all excellent

I like to features on the steering wheel and the mirror to see all passengers. Would be nice to have ALL of the windows tinted. Seats need more lumbar support. The versatility with the seating is a plus. Middle seat is a waste especially b/c of the design of the seat belt which doesn't fit anyone

Kids absolutely love the DVD w/ wireless headphones. Can't wait for the first long trip. 

GPS, XM and rear DVD. Sliding doors are nice but open a little slow. Seats are comfy.

Interior design.

Looks and reported overall quality. Nothing else stands out as being a real favorite feature.

Navigation, DVD, movable pedals, power lift gate, memory seats, auto climate control

DVD, NAV, leather seats, rear folding seats, comfortable driver and passenger seat.

Backup camera, Interior, VCM engine, Sliding doors, sunroof

Seats are nice, splitting and folding third row is great. Nice engine. Comfortable.

comfortable seats, power, highway mpg, easy controls, back up camera, quiet inside, cold air conditioner, price paid

Nav, DVD system, comfort, handling, engine, ease of use (driving, parking, etc), seats

Lots of small, very practical features: Love the 8-person removable bench, daytime running lights, AUX input jack, map reading lamp by the driver for nighttime driving.

Like the back up camera in the rear view mirror. The leather interior. Very good A/C. The room. Good visibility.

The Nav system is very useful traveling and easy to use. XM radio great during long trips. 

I love the tow truck driver and shuttle person at the Honda dealer. we have become good friends with all of the contacts we make with each other. My favorite person is the service write up guy. He sees me more than my husband.

Handling, fuel economy, styling (IMO, it looks better than any of the other minivans.) The back-up camera is invaluable now that we have it, and I trust a live video view while backing up more than an audio-based (beeping/"sonar") system.

Strong engine (though it pings/knocks when lugged), very good handling for a minivan.

Sienna: Pros: Strong/responsive brakes, comfortable seats, navigation screen appears sharper, stronger engine with more pickup, dynamic laser cruise control Cons: awkward location of switches, back load dvd player, no middle seat in second row (a must with little children, fuel economy

cargo room, walk through to rear area from front seat, remote sliding door and trunk opening.

Spacious and comfortable seats. AC is great. 

automatic sliding doors for the kids.

MPG, Safety 5 star all around, Sienna has 4 star for passenger front.

I love all of its standard safety features and its impeccable crash test ratings! I love the electric sliding doors and the stylish look of the interior and exterior. I?m also okay with the gas mileage.

The Navi and DVD work great and are very easy to use. The sound system is decent, but sounds very good when you play DVD movies. The tri-zone climate control works good. The third row seat that folds flat into the floor creates good cargo room. (moved a desk and a book shelf in the back) 

Everything except the lousy brakes.

Engine; sound system, rear entertainment system; VCM; fuel economy; practicality; value; safety.

Backup camera display in rear-view mirror

Automatic sliding door. Rear camera (standard now on EX-L), Wheels, VCM, Steering wheel comfort. Leather is top notch. Cup holders everywhere. I paid what I should have: Invoice minus the marketing support money, plus the 0.9% financing. About 26,900

The roominess. Nice to drive

looks good. spacious interior. hard steering. rough and steady on road.





Seats are very comfortable in all positions. Drives well and turning radius is like my Accord. I test drove everything else out there and for me and my family this clearly won everyone's vote.

Wonderful engine (which is really smooth, quiet, fuel efficient),roomy, navigation, handling, and a really quiet ride 

Touch screen Navi. Blue tooth. voice command. DVD player. Tri zone climate control. Power doors and hatch. Smooth engine. XM radio. Trip commuter. Tire pressure monitor. Parking sensors

Safety is good in this car and an enjoy to drive on road trips but the noise level is bad

NAV is a nice toy. The screen's tie-in to the radio and DVD player is very nice. Handling is much nicer than Caravan, although ride suffers a bit. 

Comfortable leather seats,Great and easy to use nav with voice function. Rear DVD (A life saver on trips) Handles like a much smaller vehicle. Versatility. Great looks and Great gas mileage, I average in mix of hwy/cty/25 mpg 



powerful motor, smooth ride, stain resistant cloth, split rear seat

Handling, Safety, DVD, Stereo with XM sounds great, Moonroof, sliding door windows that roll down, integrated sunshades. Keyless remote feature that allows you to roll all the windows down - Great for ventilating the car in summer before everyone climbs in.

Seats, room, ride quality much better than our 04 Odyssey

Interior design

My wife and I really like the center tray and layout of the dash. Dis-like the lighter portion of the tachometer area. Have to turn it up during the day and at night it's too bright, so we have to turn it down.

All the storage. All the seat configurations. Smooth ride & easy to drive. Back-up camera. The style. 

Decent gas mileage. Good GPS. Comfortable to drive and ride in. Roomy. Good layout on instruments, etc.

3-Zone temperature control,Automatic sliding doors, and slide over second row seat. 

Auto doors, large cargo area in the back, comfortable leather seats, and back up camera

RES, rear camera, interior room and good value. 

Favorite features: power doors, entertainment and sound system, DRL, storage seat, headlights, and moonroof.

Suggested Improvements

It now comes with XM radio installed, our last one was XM ready but needed a costly option to connect, a rear camera that projects in the mirror and the passenger seat is now also power. 

Room is great. Great navigation system. Very easy to drive. Rides and handles OK except on rough roads and then it's rather poor. Looks good for a van.

Handling, smooth driving, gas mileage, plenty of room

Seats 8, Wireless headsets for DVD player, lots of storage, separate A/C temps for passenger, driver & rear. 

Automatic sliding doors

Handling, power sliding doors

Handling, roominess, bluetooth, power rear door.

DVD, Gas mileage, and comfort.

Where to start! Navigation is a "don't know how we lived without it" feature and the bluetooth and voice activated controls are very cool. Power everything from the dual sliding doors to the rear tailgate are great features when you have a handful and 3 kids to get in and out of the vehicle. 

Rear view camera, moon roof, XM radio, 6 disc CD player, heated leather seats, 8 passenger seating.

Drives like a sedan with solid road feel, very little body roll, and great acceleration. Very roomy. Fold down rear seats are easy to operate. Top ranked safety features. Good stereo system. Excellent interior fit and finish.

