The 5-speed transmission and 2.4L engine. The way you drive affects your MPG, if my wife always drove I think that this Jeep could start to creep up into the low 30's MPG

Auto CVT/power windows/locks/tilt/cruise/rear defrost/privacy glass/air conditioning/ABS/traction control/CD player/spoked 17" rims... all for $16,400 OTD! Comfortable seating for 4 adults.

Roomy

My favorite features are: raising and lowering the driver's seat, the stereo is about the best standard stereo that I have ever had in a car.. it is awesome and you can plug in your mp3 player easily. I like the fact the seats fold down all the way in the back. The fabric upholstery is durable.

Sleek exterior design

sun roof,seating is high,4 wheel drive and looks great

Gas mileage. Exterior look.

None

The only thing we really liked about it was its cool and slick appearance. Apart from that this car has nothing to offer. 

 Like the elevated seating position, & easy in, easy out. Good build quality. Nice exterior design. Plenty of space for dog, gear, etc. Mileage is good for this type of vehicle. Love the 110 AC outlet, (use it frequently).

Gas Mileage Appearance Room Price

Do not have any so can not tell you

heated seats,roomy, easy to get in and out of

Stereo, sunroof, engine-drivetrain combo, FWD handling, mileage, driving position, appearance.

Wow hard to say what I like best. smooth Ride, MPG, easy to get in and out of, seats seem to fit to my body, tire pressure display, follows the road well, taking curves well, cost, warranty 

"YES essentials" seat material, comfortable seats, attractive and UNIQUE styling, road handling, easy 4WD operation, and it's a hatchback!

I bought this vehicle because it was part of the lifetime powertrain warranty. I like the rear folding seats, the info button on the radio, the easy to use 4WD, pull a lever and it's on. 

Feels like a big suv , running on 4 cylinders, good pick up with the stickshift, small length between front to back fits in the garage or parking space,

Black on black on black. rallye package. sunroof. autostick. black wheels.

yes essential seats, lifetime warranty, running lights, quiet engine.

Heated cloth seats, power sun roof, nice ride. CVT to me is good.

Gotta love the jeep style jeeps have always been impractical and too expensive for me till now. I mean you get the fender flares the front grill, round headlights and even the interior round gauges say jeep. I feel like I'm driving a futuristic CJ7.

Driving position, mileage, utility.

Smooth CVT transmission Styling Very comfortable and supportive seats GREAT value

The Jeep Green color:) That was truly what sold me on the car! And the Bumper-to-bumper warranty!

Stereo is very good; good gas mileage for a vehicle that doesn't feel small; Some review say this car is Ugly, but I think it looks sharp. Not a lot of gadgets you don't need. A lot of crevices and spaces to store things, including a lot of drink holders. Dealer didn't have a 4WD version...

seats are GREAT, lots of room,good quality, love the LIFETIME warranty

Looks, MPG, 4wd works great, the mygig is a real gem

The outside design is unique, and stands out when compared to other small SUV's

Comfy seats, good mirrors, good sound system, quiet interior, good quality

A comfortable AWD 4x4 vehicle for a reasonable price. The heated seats are great as is the stereo, roominess and moonroof. I like the "cheap interior" of the so called expert reviewers. It is easy to clean and is simple. Guess I am a simple minded person!

i like the style of the car and the handles on the back doors, great over all space inside. i like the design of the back seats and how easy they fold down to make more room in the trunk.

ESP, anti roll mitigation, and anti lock brakes standard

Lots of room, CVT, easy to drive,

Handling, turning radius, engine & trans-axle braking when set in low on slippery hill decents. sunroof, head and leg room, heated seats, standard stereo with big door speaker for resonable bass sound, panic brake assist, ETC, 4 wheel disc brakes

Bluetooth handsfree is best feature, comfort and adjustability of seats is great! Lots of compartments for a pack rat, and great heated seats to prank your passengers with (get very hot) I'm a big guy 6'3 310 and I fit in this truck fairly easy with my long legs and 42" waist..not a small vehicle!

