50/50 locking center diff, V6, ground clearance w/skid-plates (no ?low- hanging junk?), Tract Cntl, Discs/ABS, Shiftable Auto, Macpherson Strut Fr, Multi-Link Rr, fit-n-finish top-notch, Sport pkg, Airbags, Roof Rack, Lift- gate and cargo utility/capacity, exhaustive ?standard features? list, Silver.

Price. Quality. Service. Warranty. Performance. Automatic 4-matic shifting. Space, roominess. Comfort. Color...volcanic red.

Roomy

strong & planty of back space to load stuffs. Very comfortable during long distance trips and low noise. 

Lots of Room Drives well Alloy wheels Windows tinted 

SO MUCH ROOM; CD player; soft ride for an SUV; very quiet ride; great looking; I love everything about this vehicle!! Kudos to my dealership too- they took care of the squeak with no questions asked; went over and above to take care of everything! KIA really cares about their customers. 

Plenty of leg room and its comfortable to drive.

Style and interior cabin room

favorite features are the sterio,the sport shifter,and the 4 wheel drive.also the price 

Suggested Improvements

Fantastic ride, soft like a car; loads of storage; CD player; body style looks great; great warranty and roadside assistance, feel very safe with 6 airbags; very quiet; decent gas mileage; so fun to drive 

Radio is excellent, ABA, brake, ECS, Small turn radius, handling, suspension, driving visibility rear, side and back.

Anti-lock brakes, Stability control,Traction control, Warranty,Safety rating,The detail in design and craftmanship inside and out. Look closely at the design of other suvs and compare. Doesn't have the muffler on display like a hood ornament like other models. Best is that isn't anything like a FORD

Milleage? it ran 450 km using less 1/3 full-tank (riyadh to Dam.) Tell me is there any car better milg than that costing me 18SAR /5US$? Speed at 195 is unbelievably smooth. i will challenge any one to ride with me. Now at 1700 i spent 32SAR with perfect comfort.sori cant accept neg comment bout mlg

Spacious inside; stereo system is great (if you're not looking for a boom-box). The TPMS lets you know when your tires need air (especially during the winter time).

My Kia goes great in the snow. The exterior design is sporty and the interior is comfortable with a lot of leg room. I love it!

Rear wipers, heat and air controls (really blows), interior room, curve handling, styling (cute SUV). I love it all!

Handling, driving, turning radius.

Comfort, leg room, lots of room in the rear for passengers.

Heat and A/C both crank.

Reliability has been superb. Ride and seats comfortable. Build is solid. Feature-for-feature, comparable with the CRV and Rav4 for a much better price. KIA's current pricing makes it a very good deal. Will very probably buy another KIA. KIA stands behind their warranty.

None

The whole car!

We like the fact it has a 5 star safety rating. It looks great, rides nice, has lots of interior room and is quiet on the highway.

All the luxuries, like Power Windows and locks, A/C tilt etc make this a great value, but the safety side Air Bags , Anti-Lock Brakes, Electronic Traction Control are the best. 

Turning radius, luggage compartment, wide doors, plenty of leg room

Interior room

Very comfortable, roomy interior, great value on purchase price, contemporary, stylish exterior, Kia always offers excellent cash back and loyalty incentives

Looks, sun roof, awd, fit and finish, smooth and quiet, 3 fold flat seats, storage space, warranty, handling

Air is great, ride impressive equal to 50,000 SUVs driven while shopping. While Options are limited Value is incredible.

Fuel mileage, comfortable seats, stylish look

Roomy, comfortable interior, abundant standard features not expected on an economy car, excellent ride and handling characteristics, the fold up rear window and rear door, and the versatility of the vehicle in general.

This is a go anywhere vehicle with surprisingly roomy interior space and the drive and handling you would expect from a sports car.

I love the fold flat seats, including the front passenger seat and how they are covered with plastic. I love how it corners and handles likt a sports car. I love all the standard options. I have the LX 2.0 4 cyl version and it is perfect for a get around town car. 

