The view from the front and side, the Super Charger, strong clutch. Did I mention the super charger?

Acceleration, handling, value, ext. styling

Style, Shelby heritage, power, brakes and handling.

The sound of the supercharger. The amazing torque. The feeling you get when you drive it. The way people are just drawn to the car, the retro looks that take me back 

Stlye, performance

Love my color, Alloy Metallic, not so many of them out there.

6 speed tranny, Shaker 1000. Get tons of thumbs up when cruising.

Frontal look aggressive, supercharger whine, a turn on, Le Mans stripe evocative of a past & glorius racing era, premium package provides sufficient prestige without taking the "Im really a tricked out sport coupe" route.Things get out of the way in front & Z06's want to test you these are features

Acceleration is good although the car is fairly quiet. The GT's exhaust note is much more throaty. This car you hear the supercharger and that's it. 

Sc 5.4, 6 speed, solid rear axle, shifter has a positive feel. No high speed wind noise 

Lots of potential. Lots of aftermarket suppliers for parts. Great look. 6 speed transmission

Acceleration is good although the car is fairly quiet. The GT's exhaust note is much more throaty. This car you hear the supercharger and that's it. 

Engine, and exterior design.

Leather int. racing wheels, eaton super charger. All the wanna bes looking my way wishing they coud have a GT 500. Metallic paint. The break in period. The effort Carol Shelby and Ford Motor Company put into bring American muscle back to the USA.

Power, handling, fuel economy, appearance

Style, horsepower and very comfortable drivers seat. I don't want to get out!

The engine. The look of the exterior. Then the road feel. This is a performance car that demands your attention and the attention of others. The GT500 feels right at home just cruzing with the family or playing where ever! I won't let this one sit in the garage. Driving this car is a release untold.

Big Ol torgue range and raw power. Great retro exterior with clasic lines. Fun to drive a throw back to all american muscle cars but with modern engineering. Decent suspension, ride and handling for the price 

Ambient lighting and the Shelby recognition & reputation. Being an owner of a redesigned legend makes it easy to go home at night in the worst of moods. Truly an engineering masterpiece.

Power and looks

Power and looks [ both car and other people]

The radio with the Shaker 1000 is as good a system as I have seen but I do not think the extra cost of the Shaker 1000 is worth it. There is very little difference with it on or off. The adjustable interior lights are too neat on the GT 500. Memory seats would be good.

Highway mileage good. Torque excellent. Attention getter even while parked. Driveability is excellent, and the navigation system is impressive in it's abilities. This is a fun car, meant to be driven, not memorialized as a garage queen.

The large wheels and tires are sharp along with other exterior features such as the hood, fog lights/front fascia, rear deck with the Shelby and cobra logos, not to mention the grill and the other cobra logos on the car. The engine and interior is impressive as well its massive brembo rotors.

Wheels, solid body, comfortable interior

The motor, duh. The rest of the drivetrain a close second. Till now my '65 F100 got high scores for attention, but people know what this car is, and love to tell you about it. I was out of town for a week and couldn't wait to get home to drive the car. When was the last time that happened to you?

Simple interior dash and electronic components. The ride is stiff and the car hugs the ground. Everything works. Hand built engine. Runs like a dream. Tranny couldn't be smoother and all six gears have a function. 

Appearance, handling, power. Comfortable inside.

