Turbo engine; highway cruising; visibility; exterior design.

The acceleration, no question, as I said this car is a sleeper, go and get BMW 5, or 7 series and let's put it to the test. I think you'll find like I did a lot more money in your pocket.

The interior; absolutely sublime and elegant (enough room for 6' 7"); it makes you think you are in a shop where your mother will say, "Don't touch anything!!" The normal sound system is very nice; Dynaudio must be phenominal. The look on my ex- girlfriend face when she saw I had bought this car. 

Pros:Stylish (lokks as slick as BMW and Audi); Seat comfort and adjustments; Accessible convenience features; cruise is superb. 

Overall appearance interior & exterior. Great sound system. Seats are very comfortable.

I wanted the Sirius/Dynaudio and had to buy the Nav/PCC/BLIS as a result. I still could live without the Nav but really enjoy the keyless feature of the PCC and will definately buy that again - BLIS is cool, but staying aware of overtaking cars seems easy enough to me.

Safety, audio, nav, engine.



The interior is simple but has a "quiet elegance" about it. Handles well with very little engine noise. Front seats are great. (Back seat is really tight for anyone even approaching six feet with a six foot driver.) Sound system is so-so. Good climate control package.

Handling and safety 

Push-start ignition, high-quality leather & wood.

Powerful T6 engine, smooth transmission, 4C chassis control, extremely roomy and comfortable heated/cooled seats, and definitely the Dynaudio stereo upgrade.

The heating is even and very comfortable and, of course, the comfort of the seats

The seats are amazing on long drives. Great stereo sound. Nice cabin materials. Decent fuel economy.

Nav system out of the dashboard is awesome. Seat comfort. Controls.

Love the design of the interior. Great dash and instrumentation. The standard stereo is really excellent. The upholstery is very high quality and seats are quite comfortable.

Seats, safety, price, stereo, ride comfort, trunk capacity.

Dynaudio stereo. Safety features. Quiet ride but still able to "feel" the road. Rear DVD entertainment package (my kids favorite). PCC - just walk up to the car, enter and drive off without juggling keys.

Superior front seat comfort;quiet; excellent driving position; powerful engine with no turbo lag; smooth 6 speed transmission; strong and even braking.

Active headlamps, keyless go, Dynaudio sound system, fantastic twin scroll turbo 3 liter engine, 6 speed transmission.

My favorite feature by far is the Personal Car Communicator. Every woman who buys this car should opt for this feature. There is no more digging around at the bottom of my purse for my key! Plus, the car won't lock with the key inside so it's impossible to lock your key in the car. 

V8 AWD; adaptive cruise control; adjustable ride control.

