Handles great, looks good, A/C is pretty strong, stereo is ok for stock, seats are very comfy, red dash at night is easy on the eyes.

Seat comfort, economy, handling, looks inside and out....





The automatic Ac, the bose speakers, the soft red glow.

CD changer, power options, manual capability on automatic transmission.

audio control on the steering wheel, choice between automatic or manual, smooth ride, awesome handling in the rain, superb sound system... the list goes on

Stereo can get quite loud Handles great on turns

Body style, handling, interior comfort



6-disc cd changer, comfortable seats, decent sound

Drivers seat comfort, red color gauges at night, front and wear seat room, great sounding radio, great handling, good ride comfort. Gas mileage is great so far. 120 miles on a 1/4 tank of gas. 

Exterior, projector headlights, altezza tail lights, glossy interior, handling, comfortable ride, Sportronic manual shift, power everything.

6 disc changer, dual exhaust, interior quality, steering wheel audio controls. Tiptronic. 

volume control on steering wheel, the leather steering wheel and shifter, fast acceleration, large trunk, and lots of space for my friends

Exterior and interior design. Hatchback design has amazing cargo capacity (and looks better than the sedan). Best handling in this price range. Bose stereo. Electroluminescent gauges.

The exterior sportiness (looks more expensive than it is), keyless trunk release, controls on steering wheel! Love how it handles on the road and was impressed with the trunk space.

Body style

I love the black on black interior, even though it is a nightmare to keep clean. The 6 CD changer, the optional shifter and the handling is the best I've ever had a chance to witness. The car really is fun to drive and pretty smooth.

Handling, handling, handling!! Without killing you. Feature content was great for price. I like a snug cockpit (others might not).

Radio controls on steering wheel. If I only had a mute button for the kids in the back seat. Sunroof, silver exterior, black interior, quiet ride even with sunroof cracked.

Bose, leather, moonroof, V6 power, steering wheel controls, multiple disc CD player, roominess & storage in the hatchback, and a great sounding horn.

Gas mileage. Comfort. Smooth shifting manual transmission. Cloth interior is of good quality and very comfortable. 

The multi-function steering wheel allows you to switch between different audio modes, volume, tracks, and there's a mute button! All very cool. The sound system thumps pretty loud for some stock speakers! Also, the backseat is spacious for a couple of buddies and the trunk could probably fit 2 more!

Bose stero system.

Styling, seats are comfy, base stereo is adequate, steering response.

Looks and drivability. The low profile 50 series Michelins provide good cornering and performance. Audio system appears to be very good. Like the 8-way power driver's seat and sufficient rear passenger leg room. The 18 gallon tank will provide >500 miles on the highway for trips to Yosemite.

CD changer, dual exhaust, black on black combination, leather wrapped steering wheel and shift knob

Nothing special. I would like a subtle sound that lets you know the car is locked. The only way you know is to watch the parking lamps blink once. If you do it twice, you get the horn and at 5AM, I'd rather not do that.

For all the research and time I took for my new car purchase, this was worth it like I can't believe. I love the entire car and everything in it so I don't have "favorite features."

I love the Bose Sound System and the mute button on the steering wheel. Vision out the front window is great.

Exterior appearance/styling

I like the wheels, power mirrors, 6 disc CD changer and nice size glove box. Also the controls on the steering wheel are convenient. The temperature indicator and compass is neat too.

Hatch back and handling.

The 8-way power drivers seat, 6 CD changer, ample backseats, and ambient temp reading is great! My husband was glad to see me in a car with side bags/curtains. I love the sporty look; I wouldn't be caught in a car designed for 'soccer moms' (although this car would do very nicely for them as well!)

Sporty exterior including headlight assembly. In dash 6 CD changer and power sunroof are nice features. Overall driving experience is fun.

I went for the 6i Grand Touring simply because it had all the options, except for the GPS which I didnt want for $2,000. Their website showed a digital compass on the rear view mirror but was not included in the actual car.

Remote keyless entry, audio controls in the steering wheel, sharp styling, gas mileage.

Exterior and interior aesthetics are great. Looks great inside and out. 5 speed manual is so much fun. 

Grand Touring trim level is more upscale than I expected. 

Dual exhaust give it a real nice smooth ride. Love the way it looks on the outside and inside. Love the standard 17" alloys and 4 wheel disc brakes. Love the controls on the tilt wheel. The only thing that I think it could improve on is the sound system. At high volume it isnt great.

