

Style, comfort,and great on gas even when your speeding along. Very well built.

-Turbo engine w/great power band -Momo steering wheel -Supportive sport bucket seats -Heated seats -Premium sound system -6 airbags -VW sport-tuned Handling -Bi-xenon Headlights -The biggest trunk you may ever see on a sports sedan

Everything, i test drove most every car in this price range and there is no other thats comparable .

My favorite features would be the ESP control button. When winter comes around, turn it off and let the car loose in a parking lot. The 4 wheel disc brakes work wonders for though that like the track. I do like the DRL lights, they seem to provide a little more safety to the car. 

Front Grill, Wheels, Manual 6 Speed

Love the night lights in the car also the intralagos cloth seats are cool. Mileage I hope will live up to expectations. Sirius, and tilt telescoping steering wheel. Also salesman pointed out the auto opening and closing of Windows with the key in the outside lock.

Bi-Xenon headlights, paddle shifters on the steering wheel (DSG package), enormous trunk, electronic speed sensitive steering, 18" rims are beautiful, great acceleration from stand still and on freeway, car key folds into remote, wrap around air curtain, plaid seats, overall performance of turbo

Dual Clutch DSG Transmission, Turbo Engine, Sports Steering Wheel, Sport Bucket Seats, Alloy Foot Pedals, Red Brake Calipers, Sports Suspension, Paddle Shifters, Satellite Radio, IPOD Adapter 

2.0T FSI engine, 6-speed manual gearbox, steering and handling, HID, Sirius integration, auxiliary input, interlagos plaid seats, interior lighting, satellite audio controls on steering wheel, heated seats, trunk space, gas mileage, can roll windows up and down with key (and auto/up down for all 4)

Turbo Engine, Dual Clutch DSG Transmission, Sports Steering Wheel, Sport Bucket Seats, Alloy Foot Pedals, Red Brake Calipers, Sports Suspension, Paddle Shifters, Satellite Radio, IPOD Adapter

Turbo Engine, Dual Clutch DSG Transmission, Sports Steering Wheel, Sport Bucket Seats, Alloy Foot Pedals, Red Brake Calipers, Sports Suspension, Paddle Shifters, Satellite Radio, IPOD Adapter

Appearance, handling, strong and even acceleration, denver wheels, blue display, stereo

Xenon headlamps.

18" wheels, 200HP, sound system, price compared to luxury cars that have the same features.

DSG, performance, handling, economy, practicality, VALUE, sound system, trunk space, sirius sat.

"Steering wheel of the gods," as C&D put it; AMAZING DSG gearbox (automated manual option); 18" wheels (definitely worth the coin, and TURNS heads); great fuel economy on highway trips (30mpg+!); sport seats; large trunk area; firm sport suspension

Cruise control, premium sound system, 6 speed manual, HUGE trunk, good fuel economy, great performance, good road feel, comfortable seats.

Plaid seats, smooth shifting 6-speed manual, great highway mileage, moonroof, zoom of the 2.0 FSI Turbo, 18" Huffeisen rims + platinum grey looks amazing (much nicer than stock Jetta).

Awesome balance of performance, comfort and safety.

Moonroof, 18" Huffeisen rims (totally worth it), 6-disc CD changer, extendo reach center console, turbo oomph. 



