Size, shape and feeling of safety when inside the vehicle.

Stereo, comfort, space, smooth ride!!

Handsfree, when working which is majority of time. Ability to have manual transmission in automatic - great in snow. Comfortable ride, even sometimes when on the highway. Love trunk size, fits everything.

nothing

Quiet ride. Great fuel economy. Extremely comfortable everyday driver.

Easy on the eyes, good finish, nice fit, reliable (once again). Decent gas mileage. Nice leather, heated seats work well in the cold. Rear window defogger is very good. Nice car all over, excellent ride and handling.

Interior space, driver seat adjustments, stereo quality, mechanical quality of vehicle.

I really like the power with good mileage. I also like the blue tooth. Its real handy. Also it had an adapter to run my iPod in the car

The stereo is fantastic. I still love the looks of the interior and exterior. I just wish it had less plastic, and less rattles and squeaks.

6 CD changer, sunroof, and upgraded speaker system.

Power, price (when not laden with tons of options), quality.

Exterior design, interior room, functional instrument displays, roomy trunk.

Dark wood trim. The light wood in the 2007 didn't appeal to me. Smooth ride. The sport edition, LE, and hybrid don't ride nearly as well. Bluetooth audio and temperature controls on the steering wheel.

Style, quietness, radio.

On my model the upgraded grille with the red paint job looks great. The low emission specs are important as well.

JBL stereo, how the stereo lights up auto on/off headlights, cool looking gauges, moonroof, power seat, and so on.

Exterior

Moon roof, V6, radio controls on steering wheel, lots of room for baseball "stuff", comfortable leather seats, heated seat feature is great on those cold days.

Exterior body styling/trim. V6 3.5L engine (268 horsepower). 6 speed transmission. Sunroof .Chromed dual exhaust. Actually I have too many favorites to list.

Looks o.k., but looks are deceiving. Steering wheel audio controls; but, after only a brief ownership - radio/stereo defective CD stuck - took too long to replace & repair. 

Exterior body

Can't think of many. The radio is awful as is the air conditioner. I guess the roominess is the best feature.

Overhead bluetooth, steering wheel controls, cupholders rock, tinted windows, a.c. much better than any other car I've owned as far as features and ease go. Super quiet ride. Easy to drive with lots of horsepower. 

Smart Key System

One positive aspect is the trade in value was excellent and I did not lose too much on the trade-in. 

Exterior look

My favorite features of the SE Toyota is the slim body.

The looks, smooth ride, good power, good gas mileage.



Body style

Navigation system and telephone.

Adequate seating comfort, easy reach controls, roomy interior for a midsize sedan. Good air and heating comfort. Satisfactory fuel economy. Better than average exterior styling. Tilt and telescoping steering wheel controls combined with 8 way electric seat fits anyone. Interior lighting is good.

Smooth V6 engine with great transmission. Sunroof is a must and we use our daily. Steering wheel audio controls are nice and Bluetooth too! Keyless option spoils you when you switch cars. XLE rear seat tilts for extra comfort on taller passengers.

Ride, comfort, style, looks, pickup and go. Radio, steering wheel controls. Heated seats.

I'm over 6 feet tall and I fit in this car. Plus powerful V6, great (and quite) ride and handles great. Also very good mileage for a V6.

The car is beautiful, quite cabin, for the most part comfortable and I like the suspension. Good gas mileage.

JBL audio is awesome. The V6 is thrilling and smooth. I am averaging 27.5 mpg and today on a new fill up I have averaged over 30 mpg which is amazing with the a/c on and that much power.

Fuel economy, comfort, styling, safety, handling, reliability.

Looks

Styling, smooth V6.

Sporty, but comfortable. Gas mileage isn't too bad, getting 24 mpg back roads w/stoplights to/from the train into Boston.

It's a very nice looking car. Very smooth ride. Very good gas mileage. It's a much larger car now, but the acceleration from the 4-cylinder isn't too bad. 

Exterior styling.

Hoped for realiabilty, comfort, economy.

Love the sunroof, has an upgraded 8 speaker radio with built in 6 disc cd player that is phenomenal. Plenty of room for a family of four. Bought this vehicle for my wife due to the high safety ratings and dependability. First Toyota I have ever owned, so far I am impressed. Wife loves remote trunk.

Red sparkle color, audio jack for my iPod nano, stereo controls on the steering wheel.

It is impossible to give any positive feedback on a car with such a glaring safety issue. Three to four seconds of delayed reaction is a very long time when rapid acceleration is needed. 

Exterior styling. Roomy and mileage

Exterior design, interior design, QUIET ride.

Performance for a 4-cyl, auxiliary port for my iPod, sleek and gorgeous body lines and curves.

MP3/WMA radio w/ aux input, COMFORT!! since i have a bad back, quiet ride, 

Stereo cranks, tiptronic shift, fun to drive factor.

I'm just going to name a few great ones for the sake of time. Engine noise (almost can't hear), same for the wind and road noise, dual chrome tailpipes, bluetooth, 268hp (YOWZER!!), leather and woodgrain interior, stereo system sounds fantastic (very loud)!

The looks.

Exterior styling fuel economy stereo (mp3/wma playback and aux input standard as well as great sound) fun to drive.

Blue Tooth, storage, wood trim, rear sun shade, reclining rear seats

The eighteen and a half gallon tank which translates into a long range, the fairly large 15 cubic foot trunk, the shifting operation which fits well in this car, the positioning of the controls, and the large storage compartments that are within the reach of the driver.

Interior, controls and easy to read dials.

V6 power and economy (you only lose 2 mpg over 4cyl). Quiet ride and Toyota quality interior and exterior. Comfort of leather seats is not immediately noticed but when you take a 2+ hour road trip you will. 

stereo



Sun roof, lights on the doors, lights in the front and back seats, steering wheel controls. Smooth ride.

Plenty of room. I carpool to work with 3 other big guys and everyone is comfortable even in the back seat. Smooth and quiet ride. 

The looks. The power of the engine. 

Bluetooth in the steering wheel/stereo, sunroof, location of 12v car adapters/aux-in for adding after market GPS/iPod/sirius. Cup holders are perfectly placed to the right of the shifter and out of the way, gas mileage, comfortable seats. 

HP, torque, exterior, VSC, traction control, EBD, regular unleaeded gasoline, service/maintenance costs.

Exterior design and interior space.

Everything on this fully loaded se, 7 airbags, i love this car

It is spacious--but it is probably more accurate to say it is "bulky." While the car is quite large, they didn't use the space efficiently. There is almost NOTHING to like about this car.

The looks

Exterior body design

Enjoy the good appearance and safety rating and solid feel of the vehicle.

Styling, good ride, acceleration and fuel economy.

smooth handling on curves; somewhat stylish exterior; V6 power improvement.

Tiptronic shift is the truest I've used, blue tooth, safety, comfortability.

Smooth drive and a powerful engine in its class are the mainstay. Interior is well designed and comfortable. I love the JBL sound, and the Bluetooth.

Exterior looks great, especially in SE trim. I have the new Aloe Metallic Green and have receive noting but compliments on the look.



Exterior styling - looks sharp! Good riding position. Controls nicely laid out. Sound system has ample bass. Decent acceleration.

Extra power outlets, MP3 capability, large gas tank.

bluetooth, smart key, ride and peformance. love the look of car, big trunk

Fuel economy, fuel economy, fuel economy. Smooth inline-4, tight handling, responsive in all respects. 

Styling. Fuel economy. Audio jack. Ride.

Styling. Fuel economy. Audio jack. Ride.

Exterior Styling 

The armrest is good - it fully separates the driver and passenger - which I like. Lots of storage. Very nice radio too - not ugly black and white - its like light gray and black. Very easy on the eyes.

JBL stereo w/ bluetooth.



Leather wrapped steering wheel with audio and climate controls, 440 watt stereo, smooth ride, interior design, manual retractable rear sunshade.

Dashboard design, exterior design, size.

Simple controls, standard safety equipment, good gas mileage. 

Aluminum wheels are a must and the auto start is great for warming it up.

Power driver seat, audio controls on wheel, lots of room and storage, smooth ride.

Six disc in dash CD changer, 8 way power driver's seat, power everything and reading lamps for the rear seat passengers.

JBL sound system with navigation, plasma cluster, odometer lights and screens, interior look, exterior 2007 redesign, rear window shade - even if it is manual.

JBL stereo, exterior design, steering wheel controls, sporty feel.

Roomy interior and design of instrument panel controls.

