It has a solid drive, does not feel like a truck.

Ride, handling, engine, brakes.

No question about the handling of these cars. Great road feel, great performance.

Engine response and overall handling, navigation, comfort seats, loading space in the trunk, Xenon adaptive lights and last but not the least the turn lights. A bright light comes on in the direction you are trying to turn - makes you more confident about the turn.

Great handling for an suv, nice power, pano sunroof, responsive transmission, stiff suspension

I really enjoy the handling and acceleration. The steering and brakes are very precise. The mileage is pretty good too for a 4 wheel drive SUV. 

Good brakes, steering. Nimble handling. Comfortable front seats. Good winter traction with snow tires. Other than that not much can be said about the X3 that is great or even good. 

BMW emblem, heated steering wheel.



6 speed manual transmission - it's not the Japanese transmissions of the 80s and 90s. Xenon headlights worth the money.

Bluetooth Technology. Panoramic moonroof. SOS service button.

Leather seats, heated steering wheel and seats, panaromic sunroof, aux input for radio.

Power everything, leather interior, display, including the GPS, and the stereo.

Engine performance, steering precision, handling, sport seats, heated front AND rear seats, Bluetooth that uploads your contacts, panoramic moonroof, design of 19" wheels.

Servotronic, Xenons

Interior/exterior fit and finish, performance from the 3.0 six and handling.

Handling, handling, acceleration, handling.

Auto light, auto viper, Blue tooth, sound system.

Blue tooth with upload of contacts, and callout voice dialing of any number. Oversized sunroof, Nevada leather seats, mp3 capability in cd system affords about 95 songs per cd. I pod jack with charger right next to it. Auto wipers and auto lights. Sound system with basic stereo. Driving is fun!

Exhilarating and fun to drive, like having an oversized go kart. Great acceleration and awesome stopping power, sticks to the road like glue. 

BMW emblems 

Absolutely love the handling. The wife likes the bluetooth and heated steering wheel.

Alpine white exterior, 19" wheels, auto-headlights; panoramic moonroof, bluetooth; quick and smooth transmission.

Color coded aerodynamic kit, 19" wheels, smooth but quick acceleration (no hestitation noticed), automatic headlights, bluetooth, panoramic moonroof, good cargo space for a small SAV.

