Push start, security system, paint, style, drivability, interior cabin space, and everything else about the car.

The power, push start, radio display.

Automatic seat/mirror/steering column settings, XM radio, navigation system, and color back-up camera.

African Rosewood Trim, Bose System, Interior Build Quality, Technology, Acceleration, Handling, etc...

The performance of the car is amazing, as stated above. The handling is also amazing, and can easily make driving a heavy car on a windy road enjoyable. 18 inch wheels, period. Interior is stocked well with any feature you can possibly imagine. Paddle shifters + power = fun driving all around.

Smartkey door unlock and push-button start. Integrated ipod adapter. Seat and steer wheel column move back when car is turned off for easy exit/re- entry. Comfy seats with nice leather surface.

Just about everything. The power is amazing and handling just compliments it. Just step on it and hang on!! Stereo is great(Bose) and interior features are simple to use after you read what all you can do in the owners manual. 

Styling. The cabin creates a pleasant and engaging experience. Mad crazy amounts of power. 

Extremely fast, beautiful design, easy to use navigation and blue tooth.

Incredible power band, great looking interior/exterior. Every night I am impressed with the performance of the headlights, I've had HID before although nothing compared to the lighting system on this car. AWD with stock all-season tires has been impressive. 

One feature I like is the onboard hard drive; put in your CD and the music downloads to the HD. The CDs can then live in your living room not the car

Nav with traffic; iPod interface; superb engine.

306 throaty horses, LSD, sport design, hard drive, magnesium paddle shifters, sport seats, steering wheel.

Nav system, push button start, memory seats, just about everything.

The standard luxury features that would cost extra money on other nameplates (BMW, Audi, etc.) such as leather seating and 18" premium wheels. The adaptive headlight system which synchronizes the wheels with the headlights. The V6 306HP, sport suspension, and best of all, the rear view camera.

I love the horsepower and acceleration. The xm radio, and all all the other up grades that came with my car. 

I can't understand how did I live without the rear view camera before! A HUGE plus! IPod integration, POWER of course (could use a little more), brakes, interior design/materials, sound system, beautifull and supportive seats, amazingly direct steering, wonderful (but too muted) exhaust note. 

Driving/performance: This car has very tight and responsive steering. The throttle response is instant. Navigation and Tech Package are a must. So many options and features that add so much to this excellent designed interior. The navigation is some of the best I've even seen and so simple to use

9 gig hard drive for music. This is simply the future of car audio - no more fumbling with cd cases. Exhaust note is almost arousing. Engine is simply amazing, handling is excellent while ride remains very good (18s with journey suspension is a perfect combination of comfort/sport), fit and finish.

Navigation system is great. The music system (with the Premium package) is also great. Love the iPod hookup. I've really gotten to like not having to hassle with the key; just leave it in your pocket and start the car, lock and unlock doors, etc.

Everything. Navigation, backup camera, CD burner, iPod connectivity, Bose sound system, comfort, power, internal HD, compact flash reader, dashboard, leather seats. You name it, and this car has it. Absolutely love the sound of the 306 horses growling!

Nav, interior and exterior design, and of course the engine. 

Easliy the iPod interface. I just start a playlist and if I don't feel like listening to a particular song, just skip it with the steering wheel controls.

Smooth 306HP engine, nav system and touch screen, interior quality and style, bluetooth, Bose stereo with Music Box.

Exterior design, interior dash lights, all convenience features, 306 hp, and price.

Instant-on acceleration; excellent headroom; nice rims in both 17" & 18"; timing chain instead of belt; AWD option; excellent fit and finish.

12 point seats (in the sport package), tech package, bluetooth connections.

sport package w/ 18" rim, all-wheel drive safty, nav, bluetooth, and keyless ignition. 

Styling, especially interior, feature rich and easy to use navigation/audio system (hard drive, CompactFlash, iPod, AV, 1 and 6 disc CD), rear camera, keyless entry and start/stop, seats, and, of course, the amazing engine and great 6-speed transmission.

Power, safety, interior design, incredible value for the money.

One of the best AWD systems - %100 to the rear on dry pavement. Near perfect weight balance for dynamic but predictable handling. Automatic trans nearly as fun as manual.

Exterior Interior 306 HP V6 

Acceleration. Navigation system. 

POWER! Keyless locks and starting, color screen with iPod connect, stereo ROCKS! Trip computer and info systems, Bluetooth, interior design & ergonomics, Auto seat/steering adjustment, driver comfort, HIDs, Homelink, auto sunroof, heated seats, AWD . . . this baby comes LOADED! 

Bluetooth, nav, backup camera, and the ride and handling.

Navigation, rearview camera, voice recognition, 18" wheels, blue interior lighting. 

iPod connectivity is a highlight, very well done. Voice commands are inclusive and helpful. Navigation is also well done.

Engine hp/torgue and flexibility. Handling! Interior design. Audio/nav. Keyless entry. Driver's seat adjustments. 

Bluetooth (it is a must have). Oh, and the transmission is so unbelievably smooth and quiet. Fit and finish is second to none. Engine is very smooth too.

Easy to use nav, great sound system and choices (iPod interface, in-dash CD with rec to hard drive, XM. Intelligent key, bluetooth for phone, great ride and braking!!

Voice recognition, rear-view monitor, exterior/interior styling, roomy, adaptive cruise control, sporty front seats, good steering feel and feedback, good clutch/transmission.

Steering wheel, driver positioning, ease of going from auto to manu-auto mode.

I love the Bluetooth phone interface, the nav system, and the voice recognition systems. The power is superb, especially at freeway passing speeds. The intelligent cruise control and adaptive headlights are also awesome.

I love the keyless entry and starting. It is really convenient. The sound system is great. The leather seating is great on long drives.

306 hp, excellent transmission (for a slushbox anyway), bluetooth, iPod integration, musicbox, fantastic exhaust note.

Driving this car is like nothing else before. Had a 3 series BMW and this gives the BMW 3 series a run for it's money.

Sports package, keyless entry, back up camera, blue tooth, and iPod connector!

Keyless entry & ignition. Hard drive for capturing songs. Backup camera. Navigation. Active cruise control. Flash drive for playing additional music. The iPod connection for playing video. In dash CD and in trunk 5 disc player. Built-in recharger for key fob.

Gorgeous exterior looks. Strong engine. Beautiful wheels. Instrument panel lights. Paddle shifters. Sword inspired aluminum accents. Great standard stereo.

Nav, bluetooth, pushbutton start, xm radio, of course the 306 horses running under the hood.

Powerful, throaty exhaust note, interior, exterior.

1. Premium package 2. Interior design 3. iPod integration 4. Comfy seat. The sport seat, though, is n-i-c-e. 5. Integrated spoiler.

Sport seats; NavTeq Navigation system is AWESOME (read the manual to find that all of the important controls are NOT locked out... use the VOICE feature); Xenon lights; Ipod adapter; the "growl" of the engine; the exterior lines of the car are seductive!

Handling, smoothness.

Power, acceleration, handling, rear wheel drive, bluetooth, iPod integration, blue tooth, voice command, exhaust note, smart key high quality feel and look

Styling, intoxicating power, 6 spd, RWD. Sport model when every other G I've seen has X AWD. After a proper and excruciating break-in period of 1300 mi, I regularly get 20.2 to 21.1 mpg mixed city/hwy. Mine is Ivory Pearl with tinted windows; turns heads everywhere I go.

Once programmed, nav is great especially with the traffic feature from XM. Seven ways to play music and three ways to control all screen functions (knob, touch screen and steering wheel. Beautiful exterior styling. 

Too many to name: interior is simple yet modern. Power, 306 hp in a 3500 lb car makes things move quickly. HID lights. Seat Memory feature. 18" wheels. IPod interface.

The design team paid such attention to detail, it's amazing. They truly make this car. The way the acceleration truly feels like a tidal wave as advertized, all of the buttons feel the same. Keyless entry and trunk. Snow mode is very good (I live in Chicago and have used it a lot this week.)

Sound sys, keyless remote

Very comfortable and luxurious inside. Love the navigation system. Back-up camera great. Speedy. I win races. =] Keyless everything.

Value for money, AWD, safety, horsepower, interior quality, exterior styling

I really think the exterior design is gorgeous. I love the dash colors and that the steering column moves up and out of the way while the seat moves back for easy entrance and exit. 

Powerful 306 hp engine, fully-integrated iPod adapter, adjustable lumbar support, interior finish, and price.

Navigation, blue tooth, voice recognition, Xenon headlamps, Bose stereo, music box

All wheel drive, Luxury package, Technology package, Navigation package.

Horsepower, interior, Bluetooth phone, handling... and just about everything else. This is just a stellar car for the money. It's a Euro handling car with Japanese reliability. Unbelievable!

Keyless entry/start, iPod connector, good power, looks great

Performance, rear camera & the comfort of "cockpit". Bose rocks too.

Sound system, power, quality, looks.

Navigation, Music Box hard drive, adaptive headlights, intelligent cruise control. The overall exterior design.

Blue interior lights, heated seating, POWER

Performance, comfort. Good value. Warranty is better than most at 4yr/60k. 

Great engine, outstanding response and quickness; fine with regular gas albeit about .75/gallon better mileage with premium that produces all hp. NIce coloring in dash and backlighting.

Look and feel when you open the car door, nav system and back up camera in reverse. Smoothness of the shift and wood grain accent we ordered as option.

Push key ignition, iPod interface, 306 HP, great styling, reverse camera, sports seats that hug

The entire car.

Integrated iPod, Bluetooth, fuel lid on passenger side (never have to fight for space at the fuel tanks).

Nav graphics are great; wood trim looks expensive; comfortable seats; nice exhaust note; premium materials all over; backup camera with directional diagram is a lifesaver; super-speed; great mix of taught ride in the city and soft on the highway. Great bargain!

Great value, amazing performance, and a most beautiful interior. The trunk to rear seat pass through is a nice touch. Best bumper to bumper warranty coverage, though routine maintenance is not as good as BMW.

Exterior and interior design; handling and power; keyless entry/start.

0-60 turning radius, nav, a Bose studio on wheels audio 

Bluetooth, performance. Car fits me really well.

Awesome powertrain. The engine is a rocket, the transmission is the best out there. This is a serious sports sedan.

Engine, brakes and touch screen navigation.

Satellite radio, iPod integration, push-button start/stop, bluetooth, navigation, acceleration, and exterior and interior design.

Navigation, Push button start, Smart Key, sport seats.

Sport package seats, power, handling, sound system

Smart key, push button start/stop engine system, memory seats, tilt & telescoping steering wheel, mirrors. Sport seats with power driver's lumbar support, bluetooth hands free phone system, rear view camera, hard drive navigation touch screen or controller system, dual zone automatic temperature 

The best thing about this car is the way it drives. We had a BMW 3 series before which was a blast to drive. This car is just as much fun but gives us more room for luggage and passengers. I also think the quality is better.

Throaty exhaust note, navigation system and the Bose Studio on Wheels sound system.

306 HP, brakes, 7" front screen, wheels, xenon lights, keyless ignition, interior fit and finish, spoiler, longer standard warranty than competitors 

The tight suspension and the stiff steering, the car feels amazing around bends and it gives a sense of security. The paddle shifter along with transmission's sport mode make driving fun at high RPM, Awesome engine noise this car growls and loves to play.

Handling, sound package, engine sound and bluetooth compatibility.

The head turning ability. Quick car. 

Navigation package. I also like how the whole dash moves with the steering. Keyless entry and start stop. 

 Navigation, bluetooth, Bose sound system, sports pkg., The way the interior looks at night. The exterior stying (only with sports pkg.). Headlights. Steering wheel controls. Intelligent cruise control is so cool, and adaptive headlights. Back up camera is sweet. Trunk mat and cargo net are great! 

The 306 hp and the layout of the interior. The hi-tech package really allows you to enjoy your time in the car with all the integrations.

The navigation and the combination of luxury and sporty drive. I bought it with the premium & sport pack, this car is stunning, and handles like a coupe. It is the best purchase I have made in a long time. I have currently driven 6000 miles.

306hp, Navigation, iPod hook up, interior lighting, and rear view camera. The MPG for 306 hp is pretty good too (20 MPG combined)... takes regular too!

Ride, handling, interior quality and exterior styling (this car turns heads). Nice cupholders (though they could be larger) and features that place it in the 21st century

Push button start, nice nav display, comfortable seats, dual intakes with upgrade to stillen long pipes (extra 10hp, 9 ft lbs of torque), premium stereo.

The navigation, back up camera & the overall design of the car. Also the XM radio with its decades music.

Adaptive xenon headlights that auto level and turn around corners. Silky smooth engine that accelerates hard, and excellent braking and suspension systems to truly hug the road. AWD system that handled the Rockies, and New Hampshire's White Mountains without issue.

The power and handling make this car great and a lot of fun to drive. I love the interior of this car, feels like your sitting in a cockpit. It's over whelming at first but the ease of use makes it amazing. The touch screen navigation is a must. I love the push button start and keyless entry system.

306 hp, very comfortable seats.

Power, control, road feel, options (nav, stereo, bluetooth are all great - haven't needed AWD yet), price, price and price.

Performance and handling. Premium audio system. Beautiful red wood trim. 

Nav and backup camera.

Easy in easy out - the steering wheel automically lifts when you open the door to exit. Keyless entry is a neat feature. 

Rear view camera, touch screen navigation and controls. Engine power and smoothness, seating position.

Adjustable heated sport seats, navigation system, voice command, Bose sound system, Music Box, CF card, hands free Bluetooth, paddle shifters, 306HP, all wheel steering, great brakes, directional Xenon headlights and the sonar cruse control.

The interior rocks! I love the seats, materials and most of all the navigation. It's a breeze to use. Personally, I think the radio sounds awesome. I just fell in love with the interior. Once you see it and sit in it, you will see what I mean. I love this car.

Power, acceleration, handling, ride and minimal road noise. The growl of the ram air induction and tuning of the exhaust. This is a refined hot rod.

Overall performance, engine/RWD/6MT, handling, seat comfort and adjustability, Touch-screen nav, iPod interface, styling inside and out, two-tone stone interior.

The power, push-button start, navigation system, integrated phone and iPod, and overall interior and exterior styling.

The navigation is clear and easy to use. I also love the push-button start, back-up camera, iPod adapter, crystal clear radio, and the response of the car when you push the accelerator.

Keyless, bluetooth, sunroof, iPod connections, comfort, quality interior, curves on the body of the G35.

Acceleration and handling. User friendly nav/stereo/Bose system. Luxurious styling. Choice of stick sport shifting or paddle shifter.

The feel and power of the car. The sport seats are great. The navigation system is excellent like always, and love the hardrive feature of the stereo.

By far my favorite feature is the navigation. Wonderful and so easy to use. I also love the paddle shifters and how much performance they provide. Bluetooth, door handle remote sensor, backup camera, iPod port and Bose radio sounds great. Too many positives to list here. 

Intelligent cruise control, navigation, iPod integration.

306 HP, tight handling, iPod, bluetooth, nav w/XM traffic, Bose speakers, power-memory seats, autodimming mirrors, daylight sensors for interior/exterior illumination, dual climate control, keyless button entry, push start, voice commands.

Engine.

I like the smooth ride and horsepower. Navigation is great.

Performance, handling, ride, style, comfort, engine sound, fit and finish.

AWD - I almost insisted that I get the RWD version, but the dealer talked me into AWD and I dont regret it one bit. The system is RWD until slip is detected, the best of both worlds! Performance - 5.4 0-60, 13.8 quarter mile! What else can you say. Tech - nothing better in its class!

Power, phone and nav system with easy controls and voice control, comfortable and smooth ride

Performance! Fast, great handling, stops on a dime, 6-speed short shifter. Music hard drive, mp3, voice commands, bluetooth, completely keyless, windows can open with keyfob. The interior looks really fancy. 

306 hp engine, push button start, sound system is great, performance tire package, good looking exterior, comfortable ride, hands free system.

By far my favorite feature is the whole interior. Absolutley amazing. Nice layout, quality materials and beautiful styling. I also love the navigation. It's one of the best I've seen and operated. Of course I love the keyless entry and and iPod hookup as well.

