The new lighting in the interior and added little extras.

NOTHING!!!

entertainment center is nice for the kids. The ride is generally comfortable. Lots of room and the seats are generally easily to put up and down in the stow and go

Comfort. DVD system Lots of room

Power tailgate and doors, DVD that is front loading (our kids are in car seats and would not be able to reach up high like in other vans), ambient lighting, rear camera. 

DVD/NAV when they work

I've owned several of these vans in the past and have had minimal problems. This year just plain old stinks.

kids love the backseat tvs; also the built in booster seats are great

4.0 engine, 6-speed trans -- Chrysler got these right. Navigation. DVD system. Backup camera. Styling. Highway MPG. Soft leather seats (only available in the Limited). Road manners.

stow and go seats

Navigation system, Sirius TV that plays Nickelodeon, Disney, and Cartoon Network on dual screens (Keeps kids happy), Sirius radio (keeps me Happy), heated seats, and remote start. 

6 speed transmission, Yokohama tires, MyGig system, dual DVDs, heated seats, driver info center allows you to customize many functions, stow & go seats, rechargeable flashlight.

Back Seat TV. Top of line sound system is awesome. Plenty of room for dogs and kids.

Rear camera

Navigation, don't see how we did without it all those years.

Stow and go

We love the ability to set our individual temp. The heated seats are wonderful but could have an option to heat the bottom or the back separately. When it works, the MyGig system is awesome. The remote start is especially nice on cold mornings. The remote doors are nice when yours hands are full.

The abundance of features for the money. No other vehicle can match. I highly recommend this vehicle.

Nada

All the neat features such as the satellite TV, dual DVDs, MyGIG, nav system, etc.

It's roomy?

DVD. Nav System. Swivel and Go seats. The 2nd DVD System. LED reading lights. Built in Sun Shades. Remote Start. Remote Doors. U Connect. My Gig Hard Drive. SAT TV and Radio. Comfortable Seats. 4.0 L Engine. Halogen Headlamps. Wireless Headphones and Remote. The fact that I got all of this for 37K.

Roominess, power doors, ride, stow & go seats, backup camera, Sirius radio

Satellite radio and free hand voice control

Six speed automatic transmission. Always in the right gear whether up or downhill or around a corner. Leave it in D or with a flick of the wrist chose a gear much like my Chrysler 300M AutoStick. Those bright HID headlights are great

Sat radio is great. Heated seats are nice as well. 

Satellite TV! Storage, shades, moon roof, bluetooth, remote start, backlights, great stereo (love the fact that my i-pod tunes are stored), safety, all power doors/liftgate, luv the little flash light in back, did I mention satellite TV? That is the best thing ever! No more changing dvd's for me! 

Sunroof, Dual DVD's & sliding doors if they would work correctly.

DVD system. Navigation system is just amazing and we have used a lot of them, Bluetooth interface is world class - think BMW quality or better, quiet cabin, good performance from the 4L. The remote start is so great! Oh, and that little flashlight really is useful.

The new "modern" look of the 2008 is great. Aluminum wheels are sharp on this vehicle. Automatic power doors are also very convenient.

This minivan has all the comforts of a premium car. Chrysler has thought of everything in this van. We're looking forward to many long, relaxing trips with this van.

MyGig radio and nav.

MyGig, Swivel n Go, comfortable ride

MyGig entertainment, Swivel n' Go (seats can also be removed), 2 DVD screens, Sirius satellite, back-up camera and sensors, 3rd row tailgate configuration, and designed for comfort and convenience throughout (cupholders, 2 glove boxes, underfloor storage, etc.). Well done, Chrysler!

MyGig bluetooth, swivel and go, table if we are traveling and the LED lights

Backup camera, stow and go, hard drive

Entertainment system! It's ridiculously awesome. Music choices; satellite, AM, FM, DVD, CD, Hard drive. 3 screens(!) Warm interior; it feels more upscale then previous generation. Thoughtful design; such as built in flashlight, 2nd row heated seats, windows shades, tailgate mode. Lots of space.

Park view camera, stow and go, auto shift

They couldn't fix it. They had to order a part. The car has 106 miles on it and has broken twice. And now I get to take off and sit and wait to get it fixed again when the part finally comes in. I've bought my first and last Chrysler. Should have stuck with Ford.

Navigation, bluetooth, interior, 3 zone temp control, rear view camera and sound system.

The MyGig radio, navigation, and Sirius radio and TV, the sunshades. So many things to list- Oh I can't forget the backup camera, it gives me such peace of mind. 

Wanted all the amenities that a luxury car offers. Bluetooth, nav, reverse sensors & camera, heated seats, & we needed 7 passenger capabilities & found it in the limited Town & Country with every option available 

Hands down, swivel seats, and of course the tv! Playing katamari damacy while driving can be very fun also!

Being able to listen to my news/music while the kids enjoy movies, backseat tv, or music on their headsets. They don't mind a bit.

Dual DVD system, satellite TV, MyGIG navigation system, swivel and go seats, remote start, automatic side doors and rear hatch, 4.0L engine, smooth ride, sound system, appearance.

The quietness and solid feeling while driving is wonderful and the sound system is great. You can load up enough music to last for days.

Most everything - myGig, lighting, styling, power trunk, power seat folder, remote start, nav, bluetooth, rear sensor, comfort, ride quality, tight finish, decent power. Well thought out machine. 

Dual DVD, My GIG/ navigation, swivel seats, stylish

UConnect: you don't even have to have to wear a Bluetooth earring, just talk to the dashboard (although from another car it does look like you are nuts, talking to your car!)

Swivel and go seating is very cool when hanging out with the kids and playing board games during road trips. 3 (yes, three) media systems to keep everyone occupied. The satellite TV is awsome, and the fact that dueling siblings can simultaneously watch satellite TV and a DVD is a blessing. 

Mygig navigation system, I don't have to lug my ipod around anymore.

None

Swivel and Go seating is excellent, you can turn the second row 90 degrees (facing you while you are standing outside the van) to put kids in and take kids out of their car seats, it also has very easy to access latch system for car seats to attach. Rear backup camera is also very cool.

comfort, nav, DVD, smooth ride, except when I hit the brakes, Auto Folding rear seats

DVD System, multiple configurations of seating, cup-holders, "stuff" holders, exterior stylng, interior styling, performance, curb appeal, throaty rumble (for a mini van) dash shifter.

rear camera

Comfort,power of the 4.0v6,quality

Stow away seats and body style



Like the extra's, but they come with problems. 

Gear selector location. Swivel rear seats that make a seating area. Amount of room for long trips.

Roominess

4.0 V6, 2 DVD equipped screens with Sirius satellite TV, swivel and go seats, My Gig hard drive based entertainment & navigation system, comfort, ride, acceleration, bluetooth

Entertainment Package (Dvd, tv), Radio is awesome with the Gigs!!! My most favorite feature!! I love the heated seats and the auto doors and the remote start! LOL!!

3 TVs, built in MP3 player, navigational and automatic push button doors

I like the comfortable seats. Better than the small car I have. My wife likes the Sirius and tv. She also likes the comfort.

Stow-n-Go

The options we got:leather,2 dvds,hard drive,mp3,outlets including real plug in,2 rows heated seats,auto doors,lighting,seat adjustments,digital dual temp zones,versatility (seats fold into floor),rear seats (can face out for tailgating),built-in sun screens,middle windows going down,smooth drive!!

illumination inside. 

Uconnect

None that work correctly. Even the Sirus radio and DVD players go off and on.

At this point, none of the features are worthwhile since the car isn't driveable.

Smooth and quiet ride. First van I've actually been able to lay down and go to sleep in. Blue tooth phone connection in dash. Remote tailgate/side door open and close. Memory seats. Fold into floor back seats to create a cargo van.

Stow & Go seats.

The multiple DVD players and music harddrive, stow and go seats.



Headlights and interior lighting, Sirius radio, SATTV, and dual screens, power doors everywhere, seat warmers in back, AC that works so far, back-up camera system. Children love all the gadgets and multiple elcetrical outlets.

Cool looking clock.

The middle console is great for extra storage. We love that you can plug in using a standard plug in the backseat. It's great for trips. The DVD players are easy to use ad the storage space in the middle is awesome. Stow and go is wonderful. It is what separates T & C from the rest of the minivans.

Remote start. Automatic doors/tailgate. Sirius radio. Stow-N-Go. Tire pressure monitoring system. Driver can set lights to turn on with wipers (normally a trip to the dealer is needed for this)

Back door windows, nice radio, Sirius



DVD players, Sat. Radio, Sat. TV, Touch Screen Radio, Front and middle heated seats, middle row seats are captains chairs.

Mechanical assist side doors. The idea of a touch screen radio(that doesn't work for me).

Classy looks,Stone White,Lt Graystone leather,17 inch Wheels,Ride

Satellite radio, remote start, power doors and lift gate, folding third row seat

Dual DVDs and rear camera, heated seats

My favorite feature on this is the automatic lights, they work! The satellite radio, and the foot pedal adjusts.

Backup camera, blue tooth, 6 speed tranny, power doors and tailgate. Store and go seats. The ride is outstanding. Looks sharp on the road.

Radio

I like the way the car looks like a Lear Jet at night when you open the doors and look in.

More powerful 4.0 OHC engine, stow n'go seating, 6 speed transmission, sound system, three zone automatic a/c and heating. Headlights on the LTD are awesome.

Gas mileage and the entertainment system

Good ride, ample acceleration, holds the road in bad weather, good looks and comfort.

back up camera, dvd players

Stow&Go and nearly flat floor with no protrusions vs Honda & others is what really sold me on this van. The hard drive/stereo system/Sirius radio are great on a trip or around town.

We enjoy all of the entertainment options, back stow and go,power everything. I liked the lifetime power train warranty and the optional lifetime bumper to bumper warranty, which we did get. Kids enjoyed the dual screen. we like the built in booster seats with the stow and go. GPS is nice too. 

double dvd, satellite tv, comfortable seats, interior and exterior appearance

Our favorite features are the ones that entertain the kids: dual DVD screens, Sirius radio and TV, many storage compartments, drop in seats, and the available room is stupendous. Seats are more comfortable than they look.

The body style.

Back-up camera, DVD system(s), 6 speed transmission, Sirius BackSeat TV, ambient lighting touches, power doors/liftgate, seating is comfortable and the 'leather' seems "tough" enough to stand up to the kids, road manners (it's a van...so I don't expect it to drive like my Marauder).

3.8l engine with 6 speed transmission ,dual DVDs, rear back up camera, satellite radio, big and roomy, stow and go, touch screen, drives like a car. automatic back doors and trunk open.



Entertainment options, stow and go, power everything

The middle row are captain seats. Dual DVD systems. Remote start.

ride, dvd screens, storage, heated seats, dual gove box,

MyGig - GPS, SATTV, SAT radio, Auto start, built in sun shades. Automatic doors and liftgate, rear view camera and wood front console trim was a nice touch.

Like the mygig but it froze up on my twice. It would not do anything. Took to dealership and they said they never heard of that problem before, but now today I get a disk in mail to repair just such a problem.

My GIG, dual screen DVD.

Swivel Seats. Stowing 3rd row. dual dvds MyGig Infotainment with navi

Limited w/25L package, Entertainment features: 20g Harddrive, +2500 song feature, front, 2nd, and 3rd row screens/SAT TV/Radio, 12v power w/rca jacks, rear camera. Cup holders and storage galore. 2nd row floor storage.

SAT radio, Stow-in-Go, 6 speed tranny, home-link, comfy leather seats, heated front and middle seats (when wife is cold), 3-zone heat/air, power passenger seat. 

Fold in floor seats 3 zone AC

stow and go seats

Interior room for the kids and 2 boxers, automatic doors and trunk.

Entertainment system w/ 3 tv screens

Stow n Go, Sirius Sat TV, Dual DVD, Mygig, rear camera, interior storage and styling, exterior styling.

I am so disgusted with this lemon i truly hate to say anything good but the list price of 32,500 with all the options is great if they worked.

Rear backup camera, remote start, dual DVD system, navigation system, improved cup holders!

all the features for the price.camera Sirius radio stow and go.

Swivel & Go, stow away back seats, Hard Drive for storing CD's, lifetime warranty on all major vehicle problems.

GPS, Satellite TV, Auto start and nice leather seats. The built in sun shades are a nice touch. Love the auto open sliders. 

The seats are much improved in comfort and enjoy the smooth quiet ride.

GPS, satellite TV, dual Screen, Swivel and Go seating, $2.99 gas deal, memory seats tied to climate and radio, HID lights. Even my all optioned BMW has less feature than this Town & Country.

Swivel seats

MyGig! 4.0L engine is big improvement, 6-speed Transmission is smoother, Road noise is lessened, Interior LED lighting, back-up camera is welcomed, Remote start is fun, Still very family friendly. A great value when compared to other 7 passenger vehicles. Gas mileage is acceptable for car this size

Versatile interior. Power doors and rear hatchback. MYGIG/Serious radio. Very comfortable front seats.

Looks great, if only it worked as good as it looked.

Love my entertainment package. It is great traveling with my kids 13 (who is already 5"6) and my 8 year old kids. Two screen system is the best.

The entertainment package, the MyGIG system, the swivel & go seats, storage space in the floor

Mygig, Dual DVD, Sat TV, Stow and Go, Lots of room, Power door.



Stow n Go Seating Heated Leather Seats MYGiG with Navigation Home Link Auto Start And the Three Power Doors!

