Black and Beige Leather Seats. Exterior Styling. Quiet Interior. 

Body style solid construction; great performance

Stereo , Interior and the feel of the car. Handles the road and curves great.

Exterior 

Interior colors re beautiful. Love my sirius radio, cooling compartment and cup holders.

The fold down front seat. Plenty of leg room in the front and back. The stylish look. 17" tires. 

Styling, 2.7V6 fuel mileage, seats for protection and comfort, audio controls, sunroof, and sirus radio!

The front end is pretty cool looking. The inside looks great too. 

exterior (body kit), stereo/sound system, sun roof, heated seats, chill zone, easy to clean leather interior, ipod hookup, big trunk, excellent gas mileage hwy and city.

The way the car handles, and the interior is very quiet. Ample room for a midsize car. Good size trunk too.

Exterior look and wheels, radio/speakers (look and sound) cooler for the cans. Great trunk and folding seats

Cooler in the dash. Where else can you get that?

Exterior looks, wheels. Pretty good performance for the price. Good solid ride and handling. DVD/MP3 capability. Autostick. Features for the price.

Mileage. After that performance, comfort of ride, lumbar support, stereo system, can cooler and how could I forget the lifetime warranty on the drive train.

Color options, response time, when you step on the gas it goes like now, roomy glove box.

Auto-stick for that little extra control...sharp look and exterior styling..heated/cooled cup holders and storage bin

MyGig is great. MyGig combines Navagation, radio, multimedia and Bluetooth into one system. All parts work very well. The voice command system is the best I have ever seen. Heated and cooled cupholders actually work. Automatic headlights comes with the car, which can't be found on the Lexus IS250

3.5 engine with the 6 speed is a match thats hard to beat from any make or price. The exterior styling sets it apart from the bland consertive midsize crowd. Interior design and layout carry over the edgy exterior lines.

The cooler. Smooth ride. Gray interior. It feels racey and not like some soccer mom car. I love styling.

Looks and transaxle shifting

Mileage, performance, and the hot/cold cup holder all are excellent!

Smooth ride. Excellent paint job.The body styling is an eye catcher. The standard options like air, alarm,are standard. Some brands charge for that stuff. I like the cooler for soda. 

MyGig Infotainment system!

Cup cooler/warmer and LED interior lighting. Slick. Very smooth ride for a mid-size. Feels secure.

Beverage cooler/ smooth ride/ excellent on fuel

Dash design

The beverage chiller is great, and the in-dash CD changer is pretty neat, too. Above all, though, my favorite feature is the 18-inch wheels, which make for a very smooth ride. 

The gadgets in this car are amazingly easy to operate and learn.

I never had a spoiler before, but this one is very classy. The Boston Acoustics system is a must for music lovers. I can turn up the volume and still talk to the passenger as opposed to yelling over the noise. The fold down back seats have really come in handy for loading big items into the trunk.

Styling, LED maplights/accent lights. 2.7 Liter V6 

The evic system (premium instrument cluster) is very cool. Also the autodim mirror. 

The steering wheel stereo controls, 6 C/D player, and the beverage cooler.

I like how the 6 speed auto is matched to the engines power. The car accelerates very briskly. The suspension and steering are also very good. It's a heavy car and that inspires confidence along with ABS and a ton of air bags.

The stereo, and everything the computer in the car offers to the driver.

Sunroof, cup warmers. Cola holders, fold down seats. Huge trunk. Good get up and go! It really flys on the highway 

Looks good, drives nice, sounds great and the Blue tooth connection to my cell phone works good.

Body style

The exterior design, the cool zone

built in satellite radio,electric drivers seat,very usable cup holders, pwr windows, pwr mirrors, Exterior design had me at first glance,

NOTHING

MyGig, Sirius Radio, Chill Zone and Stain/YES Cloth Seats. Sporty and Aggressive Exterior Designing. 

Heated seats

wheels, brakes

Sliding arm rest- good for us short people. The auxillary outlet is nice for connecting an mp3 player. Huge trunk and backseat is roomy enough for riding with friends and taking trips. Built in sirrius satellite radio. Auto down driver's window.

roomy interior

sunroof, heated seats, remote start especially in the winter time, flexfuel. 

Great form. Sweet engine, sound system & creature comforts. Auto stick is the only way to play.

Exterior look and after you reach the highway speeds smooth ride.

Beverage cooler, Sirius and plenty of leg room for me. I'm six-foot one. Aux input for Ipod is cool and access to trunk via rear seats is also nice. 

Style, sound system, easy to use controls, larger tiers and trunk, very good gas mileage using Amsoil.

The sleek muscle car look of the exterior. The sporty instrument panel and chrome trim shift gear floor console. The 4 cyclinders performance at highway speeds - feels like a bigger six when its time to move on. Best of all the six airbags and other safety features that earned the Avenger 5 stars.

The gauges light up cool and the looks are sweet.

The exterior of the car made me choose it over the other vehicles I was researching. 

Styling, performance, handling is good. Boston Acoustics speakers sound great. Love the Brilliant black pearlcoat paint. Sharp all around, lots of very useful features.

Boston speakers, styling, mpg

The spoiler I had installed on the back makes it look great. I get lots of compliments on that. Been great on gas.

Sports apperance package; mygig entertainment system; rear window defroster; yes essentials (order, stain, and static resistant interior); mpg; price!

City mileage. Sporty design. Very nice ride.

Sirius radio, leg-room, seat comfort, back seat room, the muscle noise from the 2.7, and oh yeah the wheels!

Thought it would be the gas mileage, but other 6 cylinders get better mileage.

Sirius radio



POWER. MyGig is very cool even with "standard" speaker set up. Heated seats and hot/cold cup holder, leather seats are comfortable and very adjustable. I love the "personal settings" menu. You can set your settings for lots of different things. Too cool. 



remote start, heated seats, Sirius satellite radio, exterior styling, stain resistant seats.

Sporty and stylish exterior; stain resistant interior, dashboard layout and glow; aux. jack; storage space; and beautiful color (I got the Blue Pearl).

The Aux input jack. I can finally use my MP4, and Ipod.

Everything (but the transmission!)

The options. Heated seats/heated- cooled cup holder, remote start etc. Metallic paint colors

Good fuel mileage for the quickness; averaging 24.3 mpg (mostly hwy); steering is so tight it responds to a touch

Gas mileage, remote start, Sirius radio, Boston Acoustic radio upgrade.

Sporty exterior and so far reliability

Gas mileage, ext design

Fuel Economy..Better than the Camry or Fusion

6 speed auto stick transmission

The body styling and pick up are great this car rides like if it was a 6 cylinder car



Style, build quality, room, comfort. Great seats!

My favorite features on this vehicle is the body style and the chrome gear shift.

Excellent in the snow.It is very sharp looking.

Auto up and down frt. Windows. Boston acoustics stereo. I am 41 and still like to turn it up. The handling is awesome, better than my altima and I loved my altima. Remote start is very nice. Powering down the Windows, with the unlock button, as your walking up to it, so it exhausts the heat, is really great.

MyGIG! It's great! You really have to get it with this car. The price!

The looks, cornering ability, 235 HP, low end power is great. moon roof. Lifetime powertrain warranty. So far I can't complain about anything.

Uconnect, chill zone, sport look, 

Exterior and the color!

Sat. Radio. Stain Resistant seats, mini fridge

2.7 V6, Heated Seats, Mgig Stereo, Spoiler, to many to list. I have had this car for 2-months and 75-miles a day. So far it is a dream no problems to report. My 2004 V6 Camry was in the dealer at minimum 10x in the first 2- months.

MyGig with Navigation, cup holder coolers, Heated seats, uConnect, MoonRoof, Interior LED lighting.

Exterior styling

I love the My Gig System, leather interior, U-Connect, Satellite Radio and gas mileage. Actually, I love everything about this car. 

Gas Mileage

Leather interior, heated seats, power take off, remote starter and looks. Recommend the entire Sports Package. It is a dream to have. 

gas mileage

The exterior is AWESOME!!!! Nice lines and a great look. I definitely turn heads with this car!Trunk is roomy and has low profile entry, which is nice when you have heavy packages. No need to lift up & over then set down. 

I like that its smooth riding, has all the features I wanted.

Factory remote start & heated seats

The sporty look, roomy interior and great stereo system.



Bluetooth, remote start and heated leather, I can't choose.

Tough muscle looking body style. Interior, very roomy, great for taller people they have plenty of leg room and head room. Stereo features and for factory speakers it rocks! Huge trunk. Heated seats. Satellite radio. Sunroof. Handles a curve like a pro! Chill zone is an awesome feature! 

Love the acceleration and the handling. Very aggressive exterior design and this car gets a lot of looks. The 6 speed autostick also makes this car even more fun to drive! Really feels like a sports car. 

The sunroof, spoiler,and 18" wheels on the outside. The two-tone leather and satellite radio on the inside.

Transmission

The R/T comes with the optional AWD which is awesome in the snow I often opt for the Car over my 4X4 truck to get to and from work when the roads are slick!

Solidly built great looking car. Good fuel economy and good performance. Very comfortable.

My R/T was equipped with the MYGIG entertainment system which includes the audio, navigation, cellular bluetooth, and more into one easy to navigate package that is updatable through the computer. Nav is good. Remote start is a great (and cheap) feature, get it. Aux jack included (Ipod anyone?

Body style, gas friendly, smooth ride, 

Its mean look, large head room, great sound system by boston , custom shifting, and it's awd.

Can't go into that right now. I'm too bitter about the prospect that my car is actually a lemon.

Auto settings on climate control. Smooth shifting after the car warms a bit. Lots of trunk space. Good running engine. Comfortable seats.

Power seat is very nice, along with the shifting design and the overall look of the car.

Comfortable seats, drink cooler, sat. radio for a year, and warranty



Electric cup holder, drink cooler compartment, beautiful styling, smooth quite ride, on board computer. 

Look, Leather two tone seats, Chrome features inside, 1yr free Sirius satellite, roomy trunk space, 18" sport package tires, moonroof, rear cupholder.

