Love the leather wrapped steering wheel; standard options on base model- Onstar, satellite radio, dual automatic climate control

the new design.

Classy

Rides and looks great!

Drive and Ride. Steering Wheel controls of radio and speed.

Like the looks, inside and out. Nice car to drive. 

The trunk release with the interior lock button. Like the redesigned waterfall front with chrome wheels-- sharp looking vehicle.



17" chrome wheels, the ride, and the premium look of my gold mist LaCrosse.

Super quiet, smooth ride. I also like the interior room.

Remote starter which warms the car before I get in it. Heated front seats. Quiet ride. Equipped with OnStar. Ultrasonic rear assistance. Additional radio/CD controls on steering wheel. Sun roof. Car stability and performance. Wonderful brakes. Lumbar support. Beautiful design inside and out.

I like the Onstar,Satelite Radio,Scarlet color,body style,quiet engine,lots of power, and nice wheels.

I love the comfortable ride and V6 power! The LaCrosse got some much needed re-styling for 2008. I think the new front end looks great! As silly as it may sound, I also like that fact that I can take some pride in the fact I bought an American brand, the oldest American brand in fact.

Turn-by-turn navigation, rear park assist, 300HP V8, quiet ride.

Nothing at this time.

Interior and exterior fit and finish; quality craftmanship; quite ride; handling with optional ESC; overall value (ROI); competive price within class. OnStar phone and Directions and Connections features.

none

Remote start. Great when its hot or cold out and it's just fun to play with. Great power, comfortable interior

Leather seats, dash, steering wheel, OnStar, radio, easy glove compartment door, cup holders, carpet

Looks and performance.

Styling, handling, smooth quiet ride, XM radio and comprehensive electronic instrumentation. 

My favorite feature is how this car feels so good to drive - like it holds you in the drivers seat with everything perfectly positioned within reach. There isn't a current model vehicle that matches the beautifully stylish exterior.

Style and finish.

6 passenger seating, column gearshift, moonroof, stereo, quiet and butter smooth ride, and power and stability control

The 18's rule. With black onyx finish, the "gawk factor" is off the charts for a mass produced vehicle. Bilsteins are great.

Smooth and quiet ride, heated front seats, updated styling, decent gas mileage for a larger V6 car, more than adequate sound system, OnStar and XM radio.

Remote start, OnStar, XM radio, backup-system, on steering-wheel radio controls, heated seats/mirrors, very quiet and the wonderful ride.

Backup sensors, heated exterior side mirrors, sunroof, remote start, and heated seats.

I like all the features that it has as they are all comforting when you are usually a lone driver

Quiet, very smooth ride that is not mushy. Buy the V-8. Great power and sound. Bose system is outstanding. The seats are very well designed and comfortable. The auto start feature a must! Interior is a home run!

Its great V-8 engine, nice exhaust note, very comfortable leather seats, XM radio, OnStar, and interior trim

5.3 liter engine and its great exhaust note, and its "Dreamweave" seats.

