Handling is incredible.....followed by the motor.

- Engine and exhaust note - Instant power at any speed, even from standing still - That Classic JDM look (even better looking than the new 370Z or 370ZR)

Power. Six spd. Same engine in all models. Nice exhaust. Power at all rpm. High revong engine. Truly a sophisticated pleasure

Grippy tires in the curves; love the door cup holders. The fact I can (and do) get two golf bags in the trunk and still look good entering the golf course parking lot.

Handling, acceleration, exhaust tone, ease to service, fantastic quality build and components; and moreover it's "limited-edition" status..



Engine and handling.

Looks, power, price. Stereo sounds good. Comfort is good for a small woman and a big man. Handles great. Very easy to wash in driveway

Perfect blend of handling, power, braking, styling and economy at this price point.

Power, handling, looks great, sounds great, not loud in cockpit. 

Price, looks, handling and power.

The styling is great and the exhaust is top notch for a stock car. You cannot beat the price tag! 

Exterior styling and performance are very good. The Rays (18"/19") look great compared to the other trim lines.



Looks, acceleration and handling.

Handling

I love the engine and exhaust music at higher rpms. It's my favorite song of all time.

Body kit, suspension, wheels, although not too much is different, the interior is nice, storage is ample, a little bit of a pain, one of the larger storage areas (lockable) is directly behind the pass. seat. 

Auto climate controls. Low end power. Auto dimming rear view mirror. Style auto up & down Windows.

306 horse power, 6spd, rims, xenons, easy top operation, handling. The seats are firm and supportive, but im unsure how they would feel after a long road trip.

Handling, speed. (306 HP 268 TQ is more than enough for regular road driving. I still find myself accidently spinning the wheels every once in a while.) Looks great. Aero kit looks good and is functional over 60 MPH. Seamwelded body. Like the rims on the Nismo as well. Interior acceptable. 

I love it all!

Engine, engine, engine. The exterior design and the kickin' wheels are nice too. Great job on the wheels, Nissan!

Comfort, handling speed, and the optional NISMO exhaust.

