Very roomy inside for a tiny two-seater. Getting in and out is wonderfully easy. I'm over 6'-2" and can wear a tall hat in this car! All the features are useful and contribute to the feel of having a much more expensive car. Love the 10,000 service interval. People smile and wave. 

Transmission with paddles, heated seats and of course my 45 miles to a gallon. I drive 15 miles each way to work and the stability at 70 mph is great.

AC, Seaats 

Heated leather seats, clear plexiglass roof, fog lights, ac/heater climate controls, brakes. (The brakes on the smart fortwo are outstanding).

Nice and roomy. 40mpg city if you behave. Surprising amount of storage space. Tons of upgradable features like storage nets/boxes/cruise control. Plastic, interchangeable body panels are so cool! New colors each season? This car makes people smile; it's a very unique experience to own one in Texas!

Gas mileage, convertible, just plain fun to drive 

My favorite features are its uniqueness and roomy interior. When friends ride with me they are surprised by the comfort and get up and go. I am getting a little tired of constantly being stopped to talk about my car but am getting used to being stared at as I drive down the street.

I love it's tiny footprint- great for the city. It's turning circle is almost a ring size. The visibility, except to the rear with the top all the way down, is superb. The seats are firm and comfortable. Getting 38 mpg is fine, thank you. Getting in and out, particularly in parking lots.

Gas mileage, easy to keep clean, fun to drive, easy to park and it is adorable with reindeer antlers and nose during Christmas, also love the sunroof that is standard

The design, Its just soooo cute.

Style, comfort



just zipping around town

I love the sun roof, the built in GPS, the roominess, and the color!! Mine's blue!!

Paddle shifters are my favorite. 

45 mpg is great, to hell with the oil producers and their high oil prices.

I like the removable plastic body panels. Tridion safety cell and all the safety features which are standard like the ABS brakes, the Stability Control, frontal and side airbags, traction control,electronic force distribution,tire pressure monitors,acceleration skid control (like positraction).

I can fit 2 suit cases in the back and still have plenty of room for my 6 ft frame.

Sound, Convertible, The sport tires, its shape is cool and sporty, ideal for both women and men (depending the color of course)

Parking, gas mileage, and fun to drive.

Small exterior makes parking easy - interior feels like full size car. 

Design, looks, handling, options. More room in the garage!

Auto wipers, heated seats, comfortable interior space, high quality, easy to park.

Uniqueness, zippiness, and how well equipped it is for a $15k car.

Style, thrift, character, economy, spirit, smiles all around....and UNIQUE

Convertible top and the interior design and feel.

leather heated seats. Interior is first rate. easy to clean at the car wash.

Very well built, great heated leather seats, panoramic roof, waves from passers-by, great interior room, great gas mileage, ability to change all body panels for less than $900

convertible top and the triptonic transmission. Stereo is not bad either.

Seats, leg room, just the right amount of storage area.

Interior roominess, zippy drive, convertible roof, and the wiper sensor works incredibly well.

The paddle shifters are fun to play with. The looks you get from other motorist is priceless. (I hope no one has a wreck gawking)

Paddle Shifters. Build quality. Panoramic roof. (Relatively) large trunk space. In my old Jaguar XJR, people would walk slowly in front of me & close gaps to impede freeway lane changes (after using a turn signal). In this car, I get smiles and waves by drivers and pedestrians. High smiles/mi.

Overall design and execution - well done, high quality. Interior room and comfort is great. Active and passive safety features (I wouldn't but a vehicle without ESP).

Quirky good looks inside and out, panoramic roof, paddle shifters, easy to park anywhere, good fuel economy, more fun to drive than a Fit, Yaris, or anything Korean. 

Five speed automated manual

That's a hard one to pin down, I like the panoramic roof and the easy to change body panels.I also like the steering wheel mounted paddle shifters. 

Rain sensing wipers, size, ride, safety features.

Panoramic Roof, Rain sensing wipers

Love the design. Peppy engine. very spacious inside. Love the choice between automatic or manual drive.

Interior build quality and selected eco- fresh ideas. 

Curb appeal, handling, convertible top

Size, heated seats, rain sensor. ESP. 4 Star safety cell. 

Smiling whenever I look at it.

Room: tons of it. Jack for iPod in glove box. GREAT handling in the snow: rear wheel drive, rear engine, traction control. Tight turning radius. Can park 2 end- end in garage.

Gas mileage 37-39 mpg but would be better if driven more conservatively. I like the convenience of the shifter paddles, the ease of lowering the roof, and the ability to zip in traffic. Only thing I would improve is a different dashboard without cloth covering. It also makes ME smile.

Paddle shifting, Interior size,

the tiptronic trans with the paddle shifter.

Convertible and size

the car

The look of this car just makes me smile. The radio sounds great, the heat comes out great, the whole thing is great. Oh yes, it does have i pod plug.

The interior is great, for as small as it is, it seems solid. Aftermarket capabilities are limitless, I can't wait till I see these sold for $500 with blown engines/transmissions. Imagine what a bit of welding and $5K for non smart car engines could do to this thing.

I love the size and cute design. Everyone stares and smiles! Some people even laugh at it. I love it because it is small, fun, practical, and efficient. It's comfortable to drive/ride in, but is not a wasteful or excessive vehicle.

Big enough for me (I'm 6'3). Small enough to fit anywhere. Very attention getting on the road and even when parked. I'm always being asked about it. That's fine most of the time ... except when I am late for something or otherwise in a hurry. Still, it's loads of fun to own!

Roomy passenger compartment. Every possible crevice used for storage. Instrument layout is ergonometric. My PASSION has a moon roof for off days. Electronic Stability Program gives me additional confidence when driving this little car in inclement weather. Other econoboxes don't even offer this.

Everything 

Looks, fun to drive, great features at a low price. The Passion models include climate control (usually available only on expensive cars), power everything, an immense sunroof (doesn't open)and outstanding value.

The 'panorama' roof, gas mileage, overall design

Auto on/off windshield wipers and headlights, six speaker stereo, heated leather seats, manumatic transmission, power door locks and rear hatch.

My favorite feature as got to be the great gas mileage. That is a feature anybody would love, except of course the gas companies.

Fun to drive and great mileage.

Heated leather seats.

Great to find parking, can fit on the concrete islands. Getting in and out and all the attention the car gets.The rear windshield wiper only works in reverse mode not in drive, very odd!!

Small size. Ok on gas but not great. Looks get attention. Easy to park. Fun to drive, sometimes but requires 110% attention and is exhausting after a long day at work. 

Steers very good, I can see everything and handles very good. Parking is no problem or getting groceries. Gas is very good. Shifts easy, the seats are nice fitting to my back and I had 2 back operations.

Compact size, roomy interior, plenty of storage space, economy. Safety features.

Red interior - with the red metallic experior, the gray tridon cell and the red interior it is very snazzy!

The paddle shifters are great and make you feel as if you were driving a race car, of course the savings in gas.

The whole car!

It is just plain fun.

Convertible top. You can put the roof back and down even when driving. 

Looks cool, easy to park, handles like a dream, easy on fuel, artistic look and feel, quality is amazing.

41+ MPG, headroom, transmission that can be driven in automated mode or standard mode and be towed 4 down behind my RV

Manual Drive feature. Design, interior and exterior. Handling.

Styling. The world seems happier when driving a fortwo. People look, point and smile. 

How much fun it is to drive.

Size, fuel efficiency, eye catching. 

the stereo, power roof, auto windshield wipers, heated seats, storage compartment, leather heated seats, auto to tiptronic to manual transmission and quality of materials.

The heated leather seats. Powerful six CD AM/FM stereo with sub-woofer. Completely hands free power convertible top. Traction control and ABS make winter driving a safe thing. The automatic wipers are an absolute surprise!(because they work) I love this car!

Convertible top. Power on the highway. Surprising amount of room in the back for luggage or groceries.

It is a fun car to drive and economical at the same time. I also like the different choices for a convertible top. you can have a sun roof type, a semi convertible of if you remove the top sides you have a full convertible. 

fun to drive-- shifting paddles on steering wheel--large doors--tall easy to get in out of for big guy like me, 40 miles to gallon average

Mileage, easy to park, heated seats.

Length, head room, gasoline mileage, quality construction, speed on highway, and of course the fun associated with a convertible.

Love the roominess, style features and zippiness when driving in "paddle" mode.

Bright Lights! The dim & fog lights stay on with brights. The auto lights & auto adjust windshield wipers are awesome. The ESP is much more advanced than expected for this price range. Electric windows, heated leather seats, moonroof, optional std or auto trans, storage space & fuel economy!

Fun to drive, does attract a lot of attention and comments.

Very maneuverable,effortless steering (especially with power steering). Very BIG and LITTLE (big inside and small outside),very colorful, attractive,cheerful and outright fun. Lots of thumbs up and many many inquiries. My wife and I often fit our two Smarts in one parking place-NO tickets yet!

The large heated seats, the rear storage area, the constant attention form total strangers. The option of auto or manual is great. I never drove a manual because of the clutch, with his car I don't have one. I love that. When I want to drink coffee or chat on my cell I leave it on automatic.

For the size and price this is a fun car. Like the A/C, transmission, steering, handling, safety features

Sun roof

the view, you can see out really well. steering is good. design get an A. the seats are very good. I like the horn. 

It is a fun car to drive . Yet has a comfortable interior. And Power is surprisingly adequate. The transmission is what makes the car fun. Much faster than you would expect thanks to the transmission . Parking is a cinch.

Solid construction, roomy interior, accessories far beyond the size. Performance of a Mercedes, packaged in a small footprint. An engineering award-winner. 

all of the interior including the sunroof

Get up and go! Maneuverability and the way it handles on the highway.

Fewer fuel station breaks; low purchase price; functional driver interface (very pedestrian but logical).

6 CD changer, heated leather seats, and the LOJACK, just in case someone picks it up and puts it in their pocket. Also they make have a "Tire and Rim" warranty that I think is a good deal.Mine is for 4 years, and they will replace damaged tires and rims at no cost, including towing to my dealer

Very comfortable interior space and ease of parking

Everything.

iPod connection, Paddle shifters, roominess for passengers, higher profile when getting in and out of the vehicle, and of course the mileage LOL

Cabriolet roof!

Convertible top, stereo, leather seats, everything.

The powered top is terrific. I leave the side bars up if it looks like rain and run with the top down. I can raise the roof with a touch of a button. The paddle shifters are nice for those times that you are in traffic and don't want to use the brake, or when you just want to have some fun.

MPG, stability, comfort, easy to drive

Mileage, convertible, comfortable seating, many of the same features as luxury cars IE: remote locks, heated seats, rain sensor wipers, GPS navigation, auto head lights, paddle shifting. It makes me smile!

Seat height, A/C & lack of fuel usage.



looks

You get to park in small parking spots. The cool factor. Not many people have one. 

High Roof, fun to drive -have to watch not to speed. Love the clear roof. Very roomy. Love the color of L.E. leather seats.

Style, size

Well built

It is fun to drive, gets great gas mileage and favorable pricing.

Automatic windshield wipers and heated leather seats, traction control, stereo and convertible roof designing is superb. Transmission is a dream.

Leather steering wheel, heated seats, turning radius

All of the safety features. Size.

I like that it sits tall even tho it is short, 8-feet long. I love the skylight. I like the way it handles. I like its stability even in the wind. I just love my car!

Convertible, Style, Ease of handling, FUN!

That there is enough hype for me to sell it to some other sucker who falls for cuteness and the high gas mileage hype.



Interior room, I am 6'3" & 250, fun to drive handles great, and of course the 40+ MPG is just gravy....

looks, gas mileage, aux jack for my ipod

size, economy, feel, uniqueness

The convertible top, heated seats, the overall look of it!

More user friendly GPS that my big Benz, quality leather seats/suede for more comfort. Great Kenwood systems. IPod connection that shows on GPG screen for easy use. Great parking and turn around. Easy steering. Rag top easy to put down and back up again. 

color, yellow!!

Looks, fuel mileage, dependable, reliable and fun to drive.

Size, color, transmission, ease of use.

Very comfortable.

Gas Mileage, Fun, Handle of the vehicle

fun to drive, great MPG, conversation piece, head turner

Gas mileage, parking, comfortable! 

The style and the ability to park in just about any left over space in the lot.

Everybody gives me thumbs up. I am stopped 2-3 times a day and every one want to know "home many cylinders". There are apparently 2 in Manhattan Beach (including mine), so I expect this to continue. I am 100% happy with my purchase, even considering that I had to pay a premium for not waiting.

Convertible top, navigation system, bluetooth, color panels can be changed easily, the size of the car, it makes me smile!

Gas mileage, safety, fun to drive.

Glass roof, size, good looks

My convertible top 

I get the best parking spots. Well made, safe. I feel like a celebrity! I am tired of answering the same questions. The AC is super strong

Favorite feature is the room inside. I am constantly amazed at how small it looks on the outside. Love the power windows that allow me to talk to people at stop lights.

Suggested Improvements

Nice interior, including a beautiful steering wheel, fabric on the dash, heated comfortable seats and more room than you expect. It is a very nice environment in which to sit. 



Appearance, comfort, handling, mileage. 

Interior room, paddle shifters, fuel economy, heated leather seats, wiper sensor, 

All of it 

Easy in and out, good visibility, comfortable seats, good gas mileage.

Cab.top, fuel efficiency, space, handling

1) $32 fill-up of Premium gas 2) Aux jack for my ipod, 3) turn signal lane change 

It's just a fun car.

Convertible top, the dashboard pods, the huge interior, unique and distinctive design

