 

Keyless start/entry. Handling with the 21 inch tires. Look/feel of s-line. Feeling of security. Technological features 



Adaptive air suspension. Adaptive cruise control. 



Dynamic look. Stable at high speeds. Water bottle storage in doors a great idea. Sirius radio great on long trip without any local stations around. 

I love everything but the carseat issue. I suggest you try your carseat(s) before you buy this car. 

I have to say the back up camera, panorama sunroof, mmi system, third row seat comfort and those 20" wheels with all season tires for all year beauty.

Adaptive cruise control, adaptive air suspension, MMI with USB connection.

Nice exterior appearance with s-line (especially 20" five spoke wheels which a very easy to clean). The car is unique appearing vehicle. Interior layout and space. MMI and quality of Bose surround sound. Panorama sunroof. Steering wheel mounted controls

Roomy, backup camera and parking assist, S-Line appearance, wheels, steering wheel. Large moonroof (option) with shade that still leaves some light come thru. Sharp looking exterior, MMI interface. Blue tooth and steering wheel phone controls

Power, brakes, head turner, 

Drives like a car, can shift down to "sport" mode and take off, MMI interface was easy to use, very luxurious, 2nd row very roomy, sound system rocks, phone intergration was a breeze, iPod automatically shows all of your music on MMI, automatic tailgate, beautiful SUV that gets tons of compliments!

Ride, comfort, technology, bluetooth, iPhone interface. The sound system is also fantastic.

Comfort, power, room, quietness, MMI interface makes using all of the cars features EASY, sound system is fantastic, easy iPhone integration through the MMI, easy Bluetooth connection.

The panorama sunroof, parking assistance features, handling, and fantastic interior design quality and build. Great lighting scheme, inside and out. 

Rear parking camera, front parking sensors, stereo system, and acceleration, perfect metallic finish, driver visibility, plush leather interior, sports sedan like handling.

Power. Braking. Handling. Style. MMI/sound system. Comfort. Driver seat visibility, front and rear parking sensors. Amazing exterior detail (paint finish is A plus). My Q7 has gotten a lot of compliments (it is a real head turner). Rims and 20 inch wheels. The leather and real wood interior detail.

