On-Star-a much over looked under marketed product which we are very happy to have. Take off speed. Size of vehicle 

Fun to drive, gobs of power, not many around, lots of creature comforts and rock solid reliability.

Passenger Safety, Very Comfortable, Passing Power, Fuel Economy, Price and Re-Sale Value!



None!

Well duh, the corvette engine. the interior room. rear air ride. 

sound system, comfort of seats, and powerfull

LOVE the seating, very comfortable. Rides smooth and the tinted glass is a +

Smooth ride, better than most luxury cars. This is the easiest vehicle to park in tight places we have ever owned. My wife and daughter love to drive this vehicle. OnStar is a great safety feature that gives added security on out of town trips and came free for 1yr. Towing package came standard.

I love the drive and handling of the vehicle. The room is good except for the backseat.



Great ride, plenty of power, good looking vehicle, very dependable

Putting the pedal to the floor has never been so rewarding in a SUV. Being able beat a Mustang in a race, and still have enough space to put anything you want, and even tow a trailer of you need.

Love the seatbelts, they are lower and don't dig into my neck. Love the adjustable drivers seat, (I didn't know a driver's seat could be so comfortable) the XM radio, and one year free OnStar!

Engine, brakes, suspension (both handling and ride). Also great steering for an SUV- right up there with my favorite- the FX45 and better than the Cayenne S I drove for two weeks.

The straight-six, interior comfort. Mileage: 21 hwy, 16 city after 2,500 miles, reliability.

I wouldn't call it a feature, but this is a good ride on a road trip, you're up a bit higher with good visablity all around, cruise control & XM radio. The miles fly by.

The 4.2-litre six. Reasonably economical, has all the power you need, great torque, and incredibly reliable.

Comfort, creature amenities like XM and OnStar. 3LT looks. 

4wd, dashboard layout, visor extensions, Bose sound system, dual climate control.

Value, ride, and handling

The SS looks great and is a lot of fun to drive. Almost as much fun as my '06 Corvette.

The handling and ride. The overall appearance.



Corvette soul in an SUV body

Comfortable ride and seats, Bose radio, interior controls easy to use.

This is as close to a "perfect package" as one can find. Top-shelf throughout!



The sunroof, stability track, and traction control. It is also very comfortable.

The SS not only goes fast, but it handles like its Corvette sibling. The stealthy exterior. No flashy anything and no roof rack just pure function. 

One doesn't stand out, although I love the Bose 6-CD radio. Love my music. (XM rocks!)

The exhaust note, the Bose sound system, looks, color.



V-8 6.0 LS2 with cold air induction

I like the OnStar, the driver info center, comfort for a tall driver, Bose sound system, the ride is great. 



I love how clean the body lines are, the hidden power, and the overall ride comfort. It's also nice knowing that not many have any clue of what this vehicle is capable of.

Comfortable, nice interior

Of course: 0-60 time. Agressive looking front and side profile OnStar hands free linked with Verizon family plan is awesome.

Management control center

LS-2 engine. Suspension. SS style interior

LS2 V8

Tires and rims are a great. Really I like all the features XM radio, Bose speaker system, and OnStar are standard with this vehicle. 

The engine & suspension are among the best including lots of much more expensive SUV's & cars. GM didn't hold back on the SUV.When you push on the pedal lots of jaws drop. People that bought much more expensive SUV's should have driven this first.

AWD with 390 horsepower.



