Plenty of power, doesn't seem to know when you put 1000 pounds on the back! Plenty of room for hauling passengers.

4WD 4 4Wheel Disc brakes Manual Transmission

High seating position with good all around vision if you fold down the passenger seat or take off its headrest. I removed the rear jump seat headrests to give better vision outward.

The fully boxed frame really makes this a "truck". Other great features are the 4-wheel disk brakes, metal box (Tacoma uses composite), utilitrak tie down system, and the locking tailgate.

Quiet (hardly any road noise), comfortable, powerful, reliable.

the ride and comfort. mileage about average of midsize trucks 

Leather, heated mirrors and seats, power and MPG.

Size, power and MPG.

Cruise control on steering wheel. Tow rating.

Handling, power, hauling capabilities and Utilitrack system.

The size, it's a big compact truck (that still fits in the garage!)

Lots of power. versatrak system is great for carting stuff around. Excellent ride,for a truck. Lots of room, user friendly controls, hard plastic surfaces are easy to clean.

Responsive engine, 4WD works perfect, simple controls. Exterior design.

Leather interior, heated seats and mirrors, long bed with utilitrac.

Very smooth ride and transmission. Plenty of power. User friendly interior. Great looking truck and handles pulling our boat with ease. 

Spacious cab and lined bed. My 2008 came with a driverside power seat.

A lot of compartments, storage bins. Comfortable seats. 

Great motor/transmission combo, nice styling, and love the sunroof and stereo.

Great looks, comfortable ride, nice package for price and size.

Disc brakes all the way around, very good shocks give smooth ride. Smooth shifting tranny. Like all the pockets in the doors and rear bedlight comes on when doors have been opened (very helpful at night)

V6 power and the ride height

The set up of the dash. The access to the rear area, so easy to get items in and out. The truck is so user friendly. The gas mileage was a pleasant surprise.

Driving comfort, very smooth transmission, clearance, factory bedliner, did I mention power?

Power and fun drive. Tight responsive steering. Comfortable seats.

Long bed, spray on bed liner, utilitrak, cargo light, radio/AC knobs 4 wheel disk brakes

Fun to drive, lots of power, and perfect for the outdoors.

One great looking truck! Nismo technology package (Rockford Fosgate stereo system, bluetooth, iPod interface). Stereo sound quality. Roofrack and sunroof, mag wheels, offroad, Versatility of bed (tiedown cleats, utili-track, bed extender). Overall comfort, storage options, skid plates, fog lights.

spray bed, performance, mpg. 

Smooth ride,nice interior, sprayed on bedliner. also price.

Smooth ride. Lots of features - especially with value truck pkg.

Power! Gas mileage, spacious interior, mean looking exterior, sits up high, bed extender.

Utili-track tie-down system is very versatile. Sprayed in bed-liner. Adjustable bed extender. 

Considering my 01 didn't have power windows, locks, or keyless. The extra money for the value truck package is worth every penny!

Spray in bed liner, bed extender

Motor, automatic trans, 4 wheel limited slip



Solid build. Good looks. Large size small truck with 4cyl economy (getting 21mpg city with pretty heavy foot, haven't tested highway yet). Great handling, good stopping power. Decent commuter/weekend warrior. 

Power, appearance, smooth transmission, interior, price

Power, smooth ride, bluetooth

Engine power, ride quality, handling, bed features (factory spray-in, utilitrack system), factory tire choice, price, fold down flat front passenger seat in crew cab (my 3 year old can seat right out the front like daddy).

Utili - track system, spray on bedliner, 6 foot bed, power, flip up/down rear seats

High revving, Infiniti sounding engine. SE value package a must! 4-wheel discs, durable seats, legroom! The big chrome grill with my shiny black paint.

Look, feel, power, tran, inside cabin.

I love everything about my truck from the price, look, ride and power. There is plenty of room in the back seat. The spray in liner is a nice added bonus. 

Powertrain refinement, Sunroof, Rockford Fosgate Audio, Bluetooth, Comfort, Safety features, Off Road suspension, XM Radio, Reliability, Bed Tie Downs

Beige soft leather, dual power seats, Nice bedliner, utility rack, roof rack, I use it all the time. The Rockford Fosgate 10 speaker system sounded great, free 3 months XM, 6 disc in dash changer w/MP3/WMA iPod plug. No in-dash navi, poor decision.

Power! And the truck's all around good looks!

Reliability/build both seem up to challenge. Visibility is good, Highway mileage at 22MPG seems great for a 4X4 vehicle of this size. Power is excellent. 

Peppy four banger with good gas mileage so far.

Styling, comfortable seats, seating height, and the "suicide" doors to the rear seat. The interior is pretty civilized, and I think at least on a par with the Toyotas.

Appearance and acceleration. Factory spray in bedliner is a superb feature for those of us who use our trucks.

Very smooth ride, good for family trips.

Power, ride, lots of storage, looks. Solid feel. Utility bed. Standard equipment.

Manual transmission, a/c, and cruise control. High sitting position with good view. AM/FM, CD radio.

Love the handling. Firm steering and no body lean or roll. Ride is a little stiff but not objectionable.

Stiff ride, roomy.

Strong engine. ABLS brakes. Quick engine. bedliner. Powerful engine. Good looks! Solid engine. 

Fold down front passenger seat, lots of little storage compartments/trays.

Quiet, solid. But I'm a Jeep wrangler guy, so am used to amish buggy-like ride quality. It is a good sized truck, not stupid big like everybody makes them now.



Rides like a car, not a truck! Plenty of power and plenty of room for up front driver and passenger.

Quiet ride. Lots of power. Very comfortable interior. I love my truck.

everything 

Rockford Fosgate technology package with bluetooth for hands free dialing.



