Room! Room, Room! Quiet engine! People get OUT OF MY DAMN WAY! Simple controls, and drives as well as both of my 1500's! And maintenance...... just keep the oil and filter changed and it should run for 10 years/500000 miles! had a MB 300D that ran for 400k w/o an issue and this Dodge should do it!

Excellent appearance.

I have no favorite. every time I have taking this truck out of town emissions full light come on. It gets pore mileage 13 mile to gal my 93 dodge truck got 21 mile to gal. My 98 dodge truck got 18 mile to the gal Now the 2008 get 13 mile to the gal and has less power then the 98 did

The truck looks good and is has a very comfortable ride. The power is nice and the integrated fog lamps are very helpful. 

Standard 6 speed transmission. Sits high off the ground for ground clearance and inclement weather. Exhaust brake is super helpful when towing. Unique design stands out from all other dually brands!

I can plug in my IPOD, trailer towing mirrors, bed light, air brake, back door for quad cab.



I love the room, I love how it drives, I love the hauling capacity, I love that you can still get a manual transmission.



Interior, roominess, towing capacity.



Room of the mega cab. Long bed conversion done by a company in Utah. Have used the 4WD several times, with good results. Quietness of the 6.7 diesel, and so far good luck with the Aisin automatic Transmission. Overall very happy. Love the Exhaust Brake. 

Exhaust brake, exterior design, 6- speed transmission

exhaust brake.

Long bed.

Rear dually flares. Interior door handles - tough. Resistol trim, nice touches. Great exterior looks, a real head turner. Smart wheel package.





is the best looking truck on the road

New 6 speed transmission is great.

Looks, cummings engine is the only reason to buy a dodge. You need to run you 6.7 hard some time or you will stop up the two converters and burn out your turbo. Mine is on road long haul so no problems if you run short trips or in town you will have problems

Quiet more powerful Cummins, exhaust brake, sound proof glass. Sunroof, Satellite radio, steering wheel audio controls, trip computer, heated seats, power rear slide window. No diesel smell! You can almost stick your nose in the exhaust pipe while it's running, and not smell a thing, Honest!

good lookin truck

The huge cab -the way the seats in the back fold flat. The interior leather. The towing capacity. All the storage areas in the truck. The bluetooth. Cummins deisel. The engine braking that you can turn on and off

Exterior looks, increase power, the mega roomy back seat, smoother ride, exhaust brakes, great sound system

Room, radio, power, seating, 6 speed auto.

Cummins pulling power, huge interior and reclining rear seats. Beautiful leather seats as well. Quiet for a diesel and the cruise control works great.

