Bluetooth two tone exterior paint nice interior amazing control on ice and snow

Auto Dimming mirrors, auto tailgate, tire pressure monitoring system, backup warning system, smooth quiet ride.

Smart key system, really convenient, power lift gate, 2 section center console, can't beat the warranty, for 600, Im covered 10 yrs or 100K

in floor store 3 rd row seat 

Highway cruising, xm radio, bell and whistles etc.

Design, interior, quality materials

Power and ride quality

Comfortable and plush interior, great sound from the soundsystem, smooth and quiet ride, 3rd row seat is truly additional seating & not some cheap drop down, rides like a car not a truck, trip meters and info on how much gas left etc., outside temp reading, roomy, my teens love it too!

ride, comfort, safty

Great interior layout & trim, Split third row seats, Attractive exterior styling, Power rear hatch, Great overall storage space & handy compartments, Heated seats, Driver & passenger power seats, Convenient standard electrical outlet for laptop or DVD, Center console cooler for kids snacks

Runs great on regular gas, interior quality, ergonomics, comfy seats, low noise level.

Auto lift gate, proximity key, hidden glove box key is cool too.

Handling, comfort, reliability.

Sirrus Radio, Third row seating, Sunroof, CD player (holds 6) Auto steering wheel, memory seating for 2, Interior lighting...(yes I also love the blue highlights) Auto open and close tailgate...(no more trying to close by hand) I just love everything!

The back up sensor and small rearview mirror for seeing in the backseat as I have a toddler. Also the memory settings. My husband is 6'5" and I'm 5'6" so everything gets moved whenever the other person drives.

Ride comfort, engine power and quietness, 6-speed transmission, seats,all-around visibility

Fit and Finish, automatic rear door, smart key, moon roof and navigation that allows input while moving. Leather feels like very good quality and the protection plan for interior and exterior is a great value. Added the chrome wheels - they make the Veracruz look as good a Lexus! Price! Warranty!

interior design was well done. Very comfortable.very quiet. 

Accents, powerful engine, heated seats, sunroof, roomy interior.

My new favorite feature is the handling in snow!

Low noise

Adult friendly eating in the 2nd and 3rd rows; Lighting for the dash; Dual climate control zones for heat/cool; Fast acting heated front seats; Large cargo space in the back (and even alot with the 3rd row set-up); The quality of the leather interior.

steering wheel radio and cd mounts heated mirrors and windows the design of the suv and gas mileage for this class of suv and just about everything else



Far and away the Smart Key. Open start and lock the car without ever removing the "key" from your pocket. Great feature! 3rd row seating is actually useable and adults can sit there in a pinch. Also like the built in garage door opener in the rear view mirror.

Quiet engine, low road noise, great value, loaded with features.

Using the Lexus RX350 as the template.

Everything

The blue lighting is cool, but simply driving my car is my favorite part of this car

Safety Features, Third Row Seating, Dash Layout and seat memory.

Looks really sharp. Better than a Lexus RX350 when parked next to each other. Better warranty than Lexus! Third row seats, keyless entry and ignition, power liftage. Six speed transmission.

Interior design. Navigation System, Comfortable seats and quiet ride. Safty Bags.

Memory Seat, Auto dimming Mirror. Auto retreat seat.

Keyless Ignition, Power moonroof, DVD player, 10 Speaker Infinity sound system and cd changer, power tailgate, back up sensors, auto wipers, 3rd Row, memory seats, and rear air. I really love all the features. 

They are all the best ! Did not miss a thing

Power liftgate, blue lighting panel, automatic headlights, nice sound system, smart key, easy to set-up 3rd row seating (folds flat into floor), memory seating, adjustable pedals, automatic windshield wipers, dimming rearview mirror, Shiftronic system, Navigation system, can go on and on...

Proximity key system, power liftgate, XM radio, basic interior styling (I don't like a cluttered or overdone interior), adjustable everything, size and footprint (not too big, not too small), reliability so far, smooth ride and quiet cabin, smooth quiet & responsive brakes

Memory seats/mirrors, etc... DVD player, if they could fix the volume. 

Dash/radio layout. Electric liftgate. Auto wipers.

Automatic seat positions, programmable garage door opener, XM radio built in, exceptional leather seats, the list goes on and on...

Leather seats, sound system with navigation, and power rear gate.

good leg room (I'm 6'3", 35" inseam); XM availability (never had it before)

Sound system, dual temp controls, power lift gate, smart key, rear entertainment package, interior and exterior design, back up warning, smooth and quiet ride, 115V rear outlet, 3rd row seating, puddle lighting, cool blue interior lighting, xm radio, many storage compartments, auto on wipers.

Hyundai did a great job in designing this vehicle. We really like the blue tooth, built-in XM radio, dual climate control, seat comfort, power lift back gate and keyless entry! The number one thing we like is it is fun to drive!

Power lift gate, stereo ROCKS, interior fit and finish, saddle brown leather interior, keyless operation and quiet ride.

Memory for driver controls and the amount of adjustments for driver.

style, toys inside

Everything I liked in this Car/SUV

DVD+Audio, overall quality, quiet and comfort, smooth tranny, power pedals, auto lights and wipers, interior lighting, safety, premium Michelin tires, 115 volta in the rear, I could on and on.

KEYLESS ENTRY.

Leather is very nice, great sound system.Power rear door very handy.

leather seats good stereo system style

Roomy. Cloth is very premium. Wood trim and textured soft rubber molding adds a luxurious feel. Tons of cubbyholes with the slow-opening lids. 17in Kumho oem tires much better than you'd think. Reviews and awards give so much confidence to the brand. 

Seating memory, DVD, All auto rear door

605 Watt radio, beautiful styling, excellent quality, good value, good fuel mileage, smooth transmission, and smooth 3.8 engine

Ride, finish to the interior - even on the GLS model, third row room compared to similarly priced vehicles, good looking exterior, warranty

Automatic control of the back door, control of the radio on Cruise control near the hand

Quiet ride, comfort of interior and overall looks. Also like the sound system and keyless operation.

Power sunroof, XM radio, backup sensors, heated seats, fold away rear seating, auto dimming mirrors, homelink transceiver, 6 disc in dash CD.

The proximity key and the power gas/brake pedals are my favorites.The 115 volt power outlet is great. The stereo system is great, the XM satellite radio was a nice touch. The blue lights that light up on the dashboard are beautiful. The saddle brown leather seats are outstanding. Actually love all. 

Everything is in comfortable reach from the driver?s seat. It is a smooth ride inside and out. The overall shape and styling of this car is great!

Navigation system, keyless ignition, sunroof, smooth ride, great stereo, automatic lift gate, roomy.

Memory for the seats, mirrors and steering wheel. Power liftgate.

Comfortable interior. Roomy seating and cargo areas. Quiet and smooth on highway. 

Heated seats are great.

Third row seating has easy acesss compared to other SUVs we test drove.

Powerful motor, great Infinity 8 speaker stereo, super easy to drive.

Power everything, prox key, stereo system, dual zone climate control.

Engine, transmission, DVD entertainment system and 10 speaker radio, smooth ride, great handling, secure feeling while driving, etc 



Proximity Key Power Lift Gate Adjustable Pedals (my wife's favorite) Lot's of storage cubby holes

Sound system, seperate temp controls, power liftgate, smart key, rear entertainment package, interior and exterior design, back up warning system, smooth and quiet ride

2 years lease umbeatable with no down payment. Gap insurance free from Hyundai finance. I was impressed with the build quality and how quiet it is inside even when going over pot holes. It is quieter than my MB E class. Enough powerfor most drivers. Cruise computer indicates the average mileage,etc

all the features are great. very well thought out car, it's user friendly.

Audio and speaker system, Power liftgate

There re many but the radio/rear seat entertainment system is AWSOME! 

Power liftgate, Audio system, cockpit layout, Safety, seating.

