Cool dash, sporty look, great engine, good handling.

The car does drive very well. It has quick steering and firm and comfortable seats. The ABS works very well, and the car has lots of Air Bags and seems very safe. Also the car has never left me stranded once it has been started even though it has had many problems.

The only thing good about it is it's sporty appearance, and when it wants to go fast, it does.

Engine note, exterior styling, LSD, aux. ports, cupholders (these are by far the best in any car I've seen), comfy interior.

Zippy car, easy to pass other cars, can fit in small spaces.

GAS ECONOMY! Comparable lower cost of ownership. Road Handling is fun and cool! Again, QUALITY,QUALITY,QUALITY,QUALITY,QUALITY ,QUALITY!!!

Interior design and dash display is a big positive for me, I really like the 2 tier setup. Excellent fuel economy. VERY, VERY solid build compared to Suzuki, Ford, and most others in the same price range. Very solid car with quiet tight interior.



Versatility, handling, interior styling. The engine is a marvel, although it lacks the raw power of the S2000, the ecu tuning has produced a power plant with an amazing functional range--it putts perfectly, and screams when necessary. Well done Honda!

Shifter, seats, red lighting, deep exhaust note, VTEC.

2 tiered dash, better stereo in coupe, telescoping steering, hopeful of Honda reliability.

Good gas mileage. 

Beautiful dark blue exterior, spiffy dashboard features. Especially appreciate the low tire air pressure indicator.

Digital speedo. 5 gear auto trans. Power when you need it.

Gas mileage

Navi, dashboard

Fuel Economy Styling 

There's plenty of extra room in the spare tire compartment for jumper cables, etc. Meaning the large trunk is free for whatever I want to put in there! It performs well enough and gets great gas mileage. It's comfortable, even for a larger person.

digital speedo, mp3 player 

The audio input jack, and the digital speedometer. When I first got the car it took a few days to get used to, but I love it now. I also like the 40/60 backseats. I've fit a whole queen-size bed frame in my civic (broken down of course).

gas mileage

Speeding up is quit well, it is not a Ferrari, so I did not expect more. Pretty small, so not so much problem with the finding place for parking.

It's cute, good on gas.

Nav system, fuel mileage

none absolutely none

Digital speedo

Stylish interior, dash is cool, very roomy with excellent handling.





Styling, economy, efficiency

MPG, handling, style, storage bins, automatic open/close moonroof

41-43 MPG overall, styling and reliability.

Paint is a lot better quality than on my '03 Accord, digital odometer, expected re-sale value, (hopefully) Honda reliability like my 2 previous Hondas, gas mileage. The Civic is also more fun to drive than my old Accord, maybe because of its smaller size.



Handling, the gauges, vtec sound & exterior design

Cool dual layer dash. Navigation system. Radio. Voice Commands. Looks. Gas Millage. Performance. All the bells and whistles! I just LOVE this car! It's amazing and, for the first time in years, it's a fun car to drive!

Stereo. Seats..plenty of legroom. Lots of power.

6-speed tranny is buttery smooth, helical limited slip, handles like on rails (can take off ramps at insane speeds), AUX input for Ipod, very safe automobile(my insurance actually went down)important as I have a nine month old.

Digital-media player connection, steering wheel with radio controls, 6- disc CD/DVD player.

Leather seats, sunroof, stereo, one touch features.

The gas mileage is great! I love that I didn't have to give up my leather (with heated seats), since the 2008 now has a leather package. I love the blue backlit instrument panel, radio display, and the placement of the digital speedometer. I also like the warning light for the tire pressure.

Sunroof, dash, steering wheel, all safety features including EST, shape, especially front, rear looks better than the 4 door.



mileage, looks, inside storage bins, etc, mp3/wma stereo (with CD or Ipod),6 speed automatic transmission

I like the positioning of the speedometer set above other dashboard instruments; and the LED style gas gauge. 

MPG, handling, easy to read dash.

sunroof, radio, heated seats

Digital Dashboard, Gas Millage, place to plug in electronics as well as an MP3 jack.

Drivetrain, gas mileage, 4 door versatility, predicted reliability.

Aside from the styling and MPG my favorite exterior feature is the front fascia (with fog lights). Interior? there is a lot more. The Audio system (350 watts) steering wheel controls and the two tier dash. 

Display, Sleek and stylish, quiet

Great gas mileage, plenty of safety features, stylish interior, keyless entry, good looks, smooth ride, sound system, plenty of storage areas, easy to read dash display. Great value for the price. 

Automatic door lock after car is in drive mode. 

Gauges; style, turning radius, fit and finish.

Civic: handling was great. Peppy.

My favorite feature is the digital speedometer and the soft blue glow of the instrumentation at night. I also like the smaller steering wheel.

looks,economy,dependability of Honda, comfort, the smoothness of the 5 speed,the feeling of quality and the performance. When you are passing semi trucks you don't feel the car flinch like in some small cars.

Strong engine and drivetrain, tight suspension and rides great. 

Engine and body, adjustable seat and steering wheel, and roomy interior. Heck the whole package is just great, car feels so solid and well put together. The gear shifter is the best I have ever used!

Handles like a bmw.

navigation, xm stereo

non shifting transmission (very smooth); engine shutdown when stopped at traffic light; excellent media (sound) system.

Fuel economy, appearance, fit and finish, drive and ride. XM Satellite radio. Low environmental impact.

6 Speed, exhaust sound

Comfortable, high mpg, good sound system, quiet.

wheels - sound system - dash

Navigation

MPH, responsive engine, a quiet engine, great looking, comfortable what else is there to say.

My favorite features are the navigation, the speedometer, and everything.

Average of 37 mph so far; looks good especially with the optional wheels. Nice ride for a small car. Great reliability. We love our Hondas!

High revs, great interior, exterior, trunk space, standard features (p/w, p/l, moonroof, all around airbags, lsd, sound system), transmission, handles great, and its a Honda 

Flash card port that you can scroll by artist or song on the nav's touchscreen with 999 song capability. Comfortable seats, outdoor temp gauge, low tire pressure gauge, sexy looks, head popping speed.

GAS Mileage 30 city 35 Highway

Everything - looks, interior, stereo. I have the black (has dark blue metal- flakes which absolutely sparkle in the sun) with black interior - looks awesome.

The auto lock and auto unlock, surprised that came with an LX, along with the auto volume controls at higher and lower speeds. Huge trunk.

The idea of 40 to 45 mpg. Wish I was getting it. I like the remote buttons on the key instead of a separate remote. I like the trunk release button on the key as well.

Style, Comfort, Gas Mileage, Fun to Drive

Navi 

Steering wheel controls, gas mileage, sunroof, spacious (for its size) trunk.

Auto stop with gas engine off and electric running A/C and rest of the car. The finish is great, the quality is top notch. Visibility is excellent and the ride is great. The 50+ mpg is definitely a hit with these over inflated gas pump prices. Feels little better when you can go 600+ miles on a tank

This must be my MPG. I like the comfort and handling I have in this CIVIC. This is my third CIVIC to own...and my first Hybrid.

High gas mileage, same ride as my previous Honda Accord, surprisingly quiet interior.

Interior is top notch. Looks better than a Prius IMO. Automatic Climate Control. Excellent driving position.

Handling,Dashboard design,Blue backlight,two-tier instrument panel,safety rating.

The high mileage and the XM Radio

Gas mileage, average 45 mpg each week. Lowest was 41mpg with a lead foot at the wheel.

MPG. I like the large digital speedometer and active mpg gauge. All cars should give this kind of good feedback in real time on your mileage. I like the fact that unlike the Prius, most people wouldn't know I was driving a hybrid unless they see the little hybrid sign on the back.

Design, fuel economy I did a bit over 500 km with 50 liters, seats, safety equipments, mags.

2 tiered dash board and styling of exterior and exterior. The Air conditioning improved for stop and go traffic is a big improvement.



Auto trans, power windows and door locks, AC, four doors, good size trunk, iPod connection, good performance and gas mileage. 

looks gas mileage. 

The Two-tier instrument panel, great 350 watt stereo system, AUX input, outstanding MPG...

Easy to park; roomier inside than we expected. We have always been truck people, so we have had some difficulties in just getting used to a compact car of any kind but we are satisfied with this one so far.

The Avant-Garde engineering, and the QUALITY!

5 spd Automatic

None

The leather makes the car feel more like an Acura than a Honda. Can't complain about the gas mileage either! The maintenance minder really helps! Its nice to get your oil changed because it needs it and not because its 3k miles.



THE ENGINE - red line at 8000 rpm on a street car = lots of fun The dash - The location of the speedometer is one of the most convenient dash layouts I have seen in a car, coming from a person that has driven GMs for the past 3 years. The stereo - very clear and has a lot of power to it 

Love the front cup holders. I would like to shake the hand of the designer(s) who designed it. Also, when sitting in the driver's seat, I'm no longer "driving a car but piloting a spaceship."

Style and MPG's

Dashboard, smooth ride when it runs.

Sunroof, 350 watt sound system the dash and the little extras

Style, 6 speed, 350 Watt audio system with sub-woofer (outstanding!), 17" rims. Room for my 3 little girls in the back seat. Totally wicked car, when hitting 5500 rpm and the vtec kicks in, it's like a turbo. Very sweet ride. And I'm 34, married w/3 kids. Best family fun car out there.

sunroof

Mileage (26 in around town driving, close to 31 for my commute in mixed driving). Fun to drive. Looks great.

Mileage, great paint, good sound system, plenty storage. 

The Civic looks like a starship, great lines. The split-level dash is cool, and the speedo up top in my line of site is a great safety feature. Comfy, supportive seats and really good legroom. It's sporty, turns on a dime and stops in a hurry. I love this car!

Suspension! Handling and QUICK steering. The engine LOVES to be revved high-up! Great gas mileage, even when driven hard. Fit and finish are great, as with every other Honda. The Fiji Blue Pearl color is beautiful in real life.

Outside style. Received many compliments. 

Mileage, Mileage & dependability.

It looks good.

Gas mileage.

It looks great and has usable luggage space and easily folded rear seat backs. 

Low cost of ownership. Honda thank you for your quality and low cost of maintenance. I am a cheap dude and am not paying for the name of brand and I am paying just for a quality.

Body style, ride, economy, interior layout/color, quality, but mostly the freedom I get from the 40 mpg. The car also tells you when it needs service saving the owner dollars.

1. mpg 2. split dash keeps digital dials in line of sight 3. auto a/c 4. reliability - not a single service issue except oil change/tire rotation. 5. did I say mpg? I LOVE going 550 miles on a tank! 6. CVT is sooooo smooth

design - color

Engine noise, the transformations from nice low hum to growling beast @ 6-7000 RPM's is exhilarating. Ability to drive as hard as I can without worry.... Seats are snug and comfortable for medium commutes. 

NAVI

Looks,design,styling,handling and responsive steering.



Turning radius, speedometer, looks, reputation and fit/finish.

Cruise. Power mirrors. Speedometer.

The driving.

The dual level drivers console. Sleek interior feels like your a pilot or in a space ship. It is fun to drive. 

Headroom. Styling. Reliability. Economy.

I LOVE the handling, zippy acceleration (for a 4 cyl), and the manual transmission. Surprisingly a fun car to drive around town in!

Ergonomics of driver position and controls, excellent mileage, sufficient power.

Cornering, gas mileage

Exterior design, interior design, backseat leg room, cockpit style speedometer/gages, tilt/telescopic steering wheel, comfy seats.

Hybrid system

nice looking car. inside is also nice 

My favorites features are the speedometer, the leather interior and leather wrapped steering wheel, and the style of the rear end and tail lights. I like everything about it. 

The interior & exterior appearance, fit & finish, comfort, the close tolerances of the body panels, the way the doors close with a solid, substantial 'thunk' that sounds a lot like a BMW, G35, Lexus or MBZ. The tranny shifts so smoothly it's almost spooky. Finally, 37 mpg! Need I say more?

Shifter, engine, exhaust sound, acceleration, handling. Makes me feel like a teenager again every time I drive it!!

Over 50 MPG combined, nice instrument panel layout, better stereo than expected, dash display, more interior room than expected and plenty of trunk space.

everything

A lot of trunk space. The back seat folds down all the way! Fun to drive.

Fuel mileage. Comfortable seating all around, visibility. adjustable arm rests, lots of storage.Excellent workmanship. Huge trunk. 

Seats are comfortable, like the small steering wheel, the automatic trunk release

Gas mileage (obviously), one touch sunroof, placement of emergency brake (ya know, in case you have to use it in an emergency, not just a hidden parking brake), staggered dashboard gages. Could take or leave the digital speedometer.

Outstanding transmission. iVTEC whine at 6,000 RPM up to redline. 34 MPG on the highway at 70-75 MPH. Didn't see another Fiji blue Si 4-door on the entire trip!

Radio controls on steering wheel, speed odometer placement was easy to adjust to, the radio sound quality. One touch window & moonroof controls. 

Love the standard features - heated leather seats, power sun roof, heated mirrors and rear defroster, and roominess of this car, which will help in the cold winter months of the Midwest...especially compared to all the other vehicles I looked at.

Interior feels very open with expansive views - I like the two- tiered dash (reminds me of my departed RX-8, but not its 16 mpg). Controls and knobs/switches better than my old Audi A6 - comparable to the Accord I traded but fresher looking. Overall a very modern design without being Prius weird.

The split dash, 5 speed tranny, all around looks, low tire pressure monitor, the engine.

Features are like the ones featured on the show "Bait Car" on Tru TV. Sporty appearance and alloy wheels, anti- theft immobilizer and smart key means they cannot hot wire it with a screwdriver. It won't start without the smart key!

High revving engine, very good stereo,

all i have to say is V-TEC

More standard power, comfortable seats (for me, 5' 8" male), styling and sporty handling

Navigation system, Steering wheel controls. Spacious interior.

I bought silver with blue interior - Looks much better than the gray interior in a regular silver Civic! 

The Nav system is great, and completely takes out the guess work when going new places. As a long time XM subscriber, I love that feature which was a $400 option in the Prius!

The instrument layout is very good.

High revving motor, can drive like a bat outta hell if you want or you can save gas and drive live a normal civic. I also like the cloth interior. Very supportive seats up front, plenty of space in the back to haul kids to ball games, etc. The best part is that it get close to 30 mpg on the highway.

Fuel economy, safety, performance, gearshift, clutch, radio w mp3/wma-CD & aux input, looks, sunroof, beige & ivory color combo. Great fun when pushed hard on a twisty road. Well worth the mpg loss.

Gas mileage. Build quality. I like the different trim levels so you don't need to go back and forth looking for the options you want they are already there.

Gas Mileage. Getting 48 MPG on short trips, 51 MPG on long trips. Dash arrangement is very good. Hybrid drive system works well with out all the unusual controls & displays found in the Prius. 

Mileage and looks.

Overall design, style, comfort and 350 watt sound system.

speedometer, handling, styling, and gas mileage 

Digital speed, cd/radio controls on steering wheel, overall solid feel and great handling

Two-tier instrument panel, awesome stereo system for a stock product, AUX input, remote trunk release, high mpg for non-hybrid

Price, economic on gas and comfort, quiet, not to mention the transmission. What else I can ask for ? I am very happy with my decision and the car

Sleek exterior, stylish HUD with blue gradient theme, excellent handling for an economy car, 26/35 MPG saves money, Honda's well-known warranty and build quality, iPod port, remote keyless entry.

The steering wheel radio controls are a pleasure. My fiance has it on his Accord glad they added it to the Civic. Sunroof and Leather. Cool styling. 

Navigation System, XM Radio.

The seats in the EXL are very comfortable on long road trips and have great lumbar support. The trunk is roomy and provides room to move large cargo when the backseats are folded down. The two-tiered dash was a bit unusual at first, but I've grown to love it - especially when driving at night.

Detail in engineering, multitude of standard features (this car comes with a lot!). The amount of engine performance coupled with decent fuel economy. Factory undercoating. Extremely fun to drive and looks great (at least to me).

I like the 46 mpg. The Civic is definitely peppy. I don't try to push it much - but when I need it to do something it is very responsive.

Dash display, exterior looks, steering wheel, trunk size, gas mileage, center arm rest, maintenance minder, low tire pressure monitor, etc.........

Nice dash layout, surprisingly roomy trunk, comfy seats, smooth ride, corners well, easy to drive in traffic, no rattles or squeaks, INCREDIBLE gas mileage, surprisingly sufficient torque for a small engine, great financing (2.9%), great sales staff, Atomic Blue color is SWEET, great price & value.

seats, looks, gas mileage, performance

Ummm mileage.

The NAV voice activated system, and the feedback from the gauges to encourage hypermiling driving. I also love the digital speedometer high on the dashboard. It feels like the digital HUD I had on the Grand Prix.

Great fuel economy (we expect it to get better), deep red color, fun to drive. Cruises beautifully on country roads with the sun roof open.

Instruments, leather, looks, engine, frugal

Dash. I love that I can see my speed without looking down :-) I also love the e-brake being by the shifter...makes more room between the seats.

Looks, styling, acceleration, economy

I love the response from this 1.8 liter engine and the smooth shifting. The civic is quiet and there is plenty of storage for those small items like sun glasses etc. The trunk has ample space and the rear seat folds down for those people who like to carry a lot 'Stuff'

MPG, styling, roominess, excellent build quality, MPG, fresh high tech looks, nice handling, did I mention MPG?

Mileage, ipod aux port, dash layout, room and refinement (for an economy car).

Design, fuel mileage, comfort, well built.

The Navigation is outstanding. We also like the illumination and position of the speedometer

great gas mileage, windshield wipers, performance, The odometer

Very reasonable to lease. Easy on gas. What is not to like? Transmission shifts very smoothly. The engine and tranny slow the car down nicely when decelerating; thus reducing the brake effort necessary to stop the car.

The two tier dash, the 350 watt stereo, that incredibly wonderful steering wheel and the lack of an ashtray.

I enjoy zooming around town with the 5 speed manual and the gas mileage is pretty solid. I also enjoy the newly designed exterior (06 models and up).

47 mpg. Did I mention 47 mpg!

None.

Feel, ride, handling, rev, stereo, seats (feel), look, layout, 0-90, and the roominess. I was very surprised at the head and leg room for a small car. bottom line for me at $21,100 I got a lot of car for todays market prices. Mazda 3 was a little quicker; but didn't leave the same feel at all. 

Sporty steering and handling, interior and exterior design, easy to wash car, 

Fuel economy is great - I am averaging 34 MPG. Excellent fit-and-finish. VERY stable ride

The easy to read dash and speedometer. It was an adjustment, but I like it. The great visibility. MP3 jack, power windows, doors, floor mats were all included w/ the LX. Locked gas tank, 3 keys including a valet key. The key is also the remote. Very different than my Chevy.

The Si Sports suspension hugs the road and feels like that from a more expensive car; 350 watt sound system is incredible ; avg of 28 MPG overall!!; Ipod Aux Jack ; sweet driver and passenger seats that are comfortable and supportive; melodic sound of engine revs ; overall an INCREDIBLE CAR!

Superior voice command/Nav & XM Satellite Radio.

Outstanding mileage. Twice as good as the Honda Pilot. The Leather seats are very comfortable. Seat heaters will come in handy in the winter (Upstate, NY). Moonroof is very nice, interior overall is very nice. Handling is good.

Styling; fit & finish; interior room; performance; NAV+XMRadio; best of all: Averaging 45 mpg after first 1K miles of city/freeway commuting and a high of 52.6 mpg on my 27-mile commute right after an early morning fill-up!

Gas mileage. Attractive design both in and out. Ipod aux port. Good stereo. Fun to drive for an inexpensive car.

The Dash board, seats, miles per gallon, look of the car inside and out.

engine oil life indicator is handy, Instrumentation is handy and easy to use, gas mileage is excellent.

Plenty of room, performance is superb, and is nice looking

Drives great, Steering, brakes, looks, gas mileage.

Cute, cute, cute! Gas mileage, reliability, resale value- the list goes on and on!

Fuel mileage, excellent handling, build quality & materials for compact car are very good, that new car smell:)

5 spd. manual and the engine. Auxiliary jack for ipod. Seats and layout of the dash. Great resale value. Honda safety and reliability. 

Heated Leather Seats MP3 Input Sound System 2 Tier Dash- Takes some getting used to but now I love it.

Nav system is cool and adding the leather interior was smart as well.

The digital speedo.

Gps, sound system, control configuration, lighted instruments.



2.0 L K20Z3 & 6 speed LSD combo. Voice activated Navi and Stereo. Exhaust note is perfect.

2.0 L K20Z3, 6 speed w/ LSD, Voice activated Navi and stereo. Habanero Red exterior. Michelin Pilot Exalto PE2's

Awesome navigation system/XM radio, comfortable seats, fuel economy, front dash design, clean/simple interior, good looks from all angles. Always more fun to drive at night with the blue lighting on. Oh, and good cup holders too.



I really like the NAV system, the XM radio, the sporty looks and I'm sure I'll enjoy the heated heats this winter. Last but not lease I love the way it drives.

The sound! The handling, grip, gearbox, clutch, interior, exterior, space, the 8k redline!

I love the sleek design, even on the inside. It's like sitting in a space ship. power everything, keyless entry, and the timing chain instead of a belt.

Gas mileage

Sunroof, leather heated seats, heated rear view mirrors, rear flat floor, Aux input, good mileage, nice trunk space.



Sporty exterior, roominess, fuel economy, power for passing.

Average at least 33 MPG on combined HWY and City driving. Cool dashboard design and good exterior design.

Style, gas mileage, interior design.

Acceleration is very fun and interior is very attractive and easy to use. The speedometer is great too - it tells you the exact speed. Pretty color blue too. The seats are comfy and radio is easy to use. 

Dash, Style, Mileage and Performance

Gas mileage, handling and style.

Excellent gas mileage-30-33 mpg.

Leather seat and Navigation

Auxiliary input, digital tachometer, stock 350-watt w/ sub sound system, fuel economy, and the color. Best feature is the moonroof visor (can't heard the outside at all when the moonroof is open with this).

Cute sporty design, great gas mileage, hubcaps that are 16 inches, not the standard 15, clean crisp interior design.

Love the blue interior in my silver, much less bland than the Prius. No Gee-Whiz gimmicks, just a straightforward mpg monitor and real gas savings. Standard radio is better than the Prius. Instrument lighting is better than the Prius as well.

Very unique looking, even when compared to stock Si models. 

Gas mileage--37 mpg combined highway and city--tight road contact--Honda resale value--attractive body style-- beats the fit with the same mileage-- why buy a fit when with the same price you could get an attractive Civic

AUX port, fuel mileage, sporty suspension, cockpit layout, side mirror heater.

Dash panel and speedometer positioning. Great night driving (dash lighting. Moon roof.

6 speed. sport bucket seats. folding back seats. Sound system. iPod jack.

Save on gas. I filled my tank up with gas and drove 300 plus miles and the car was still on half full. Now, you know that I was so tickled and especially at the ones that was at the gas stations filling up their SUVs and other big cars.

Exterior Styling, mp3 jack, the stares and looks i get are the best!

The design is great. The long doors and short windows add a sporty touch. Factory stereo is the best I've heard in a Honda! 

Dark seats in EX, nice royal blue color, navigation. 

Interior, sporty feel, and great mileage.

I love the look of it and it drives pretty nicely, except for the awful rattle, I have no complaints.

DIY oil changes are a snap.

Gas mileage

the fuel economy is one of its most better features plus the looks of it.

looks and temper, reliability

The look, the Nav, the mileage even with premium.. 

I am 6'4" 245lbs, and I fit in great. I have just the same amount of room my big truck had (actually maybe more headroom than my truck). And again, the gas mileage is great!

sound exhaust, inside and out.

Fuel mileage, 2-tier instrument cluster, performance, cost, everything

Location of Digital speedometer. very easy switch over for Heads up I had on Grand Prix.

Styling and build quality. Feels like a luxury vehicle. Gas mileage.

Exterior styling and fuel economy

Leather, navigation, fuel economy, reliability. p.s. Honda gives gap insurance for free

Exterior restyle (rear end), excellent gas mileage, peppy & zippy, quiet ride and sporty feel.

The style

Spacious interior, navigation and stereo system, and overall cost to drive.

Performance. Handling. Central control and dash. Style. Comfort. Reliability. MP3 capability with CD and MP3 jack. Room. Above average MPG. Cup holders. Trunk size. Maintenance minder. Digital MPH display. Custom welcome display on radio. Driver height adjustment. Above average in snow.

Quiet Ride, Fuel Economy, Good Looking, Modern interior. Excellent price vs quality.

Good Solid mixed driving MPG with 4 people in the car and difficult terrain! Decent power for an economy car. Fun to drive Resale Value Civics have history of dependability Safety 

Steering Wheel controls - Std and large Digital Character display on speedometer. European turn signal indicators on outside mirrors.

Looks, and fun to drive, Fuel mileage.

Navigation miles per gallon

The gas mileage is awesome!!!!! Smooth ride, spacious interior, modern styling, reliable, fun to drive.

everything

I like the dashboard, feel and handling of the car, excellent gas mileage, which was my entire motivation for purchasing this vehicle outside of reliability.

What???? the brake don't work...

Digital dash, stereo, handling, looks, etc.

Fuel economy

Gas Mileage, Aerodynamic Windshield, Futuristic Look, Quiet Engine, Good Trunk Space, Affordable Price tag, Great safety ratings, Back Seat Airbags, Has latches in back seat for baby seat, I can go long distances on a tank of gas, Good Radio.

Hopefully gas mileage. Price. Cost of operation. Resale value. Honda's reputation. All else serves its purpose.

Incredible gas mileage Pretty zippy.

GAS MILEAGE!!! (37 mpg on hwy), steering controls, look of car, handling

My favorite part of my civic is the back i love the shape of it.



oil minder, tire pressure gauge, fold down rear seat, spacious cup holders, modern styling, good radio sound, digital speedometer, quieter than reviews indicate, 34 mpg overall city/hwy

Great engine performance, great mpg. Nice body style

Big clear speedometer, exterior design.

Leather interior, aux input for mp3, cool steering wheel, good mpg, nice stereo.

Handling, automatic transmission, digital speedometer, gas mileage

Roomy interior, heated seats, view and split dash and fun to drive.

1. Love the 2-tire instrumental panel with the digital speedometer 

Digital speedometer, stereo, leather heated seats, and blue backlighting in the "cockpit"

Really fun to drive, styling, stick shift, gas mileage, dash layout, and it's a Honda.

Instrument panel, comfortable seats, smooth transmission. Lots of headroom. 

Exterior and interior is awesome, the dash is amazing with futuristic kind of look. Heat works well, AC blows really cold and work very well. 

Handling,great clutch and shifter,exhaust note in vtec, stereo, back seat space, gas mileage, the mugen body kit, resale value

XM Satellite radio. I had forgotten how much fun good radio programs can be. the pep and performance are excellent. all the controls and right at my finger tips and easy to control.

Interior design, fuel economy, exterior looks, everything

Handling, acceleration, the sound of 6000 to 8000 RPMs! Lots of cabin and trunk space. 

Gearbox, clutch, gauges/speedometer/tachometer...very pleasing to look at when lit up! Also like all the storage spaces in the car as well as the rear seat latch in the trunk. Steering wheel is small-ish and feels good in my hands.

Economical. Partial Zero Emissions. Comfortable. Lots of little storage compartments. Gas mileage. IPOD outlet. Roomy for a little car. Auto shut off at lights. 

EXL-comes with heated seats and sideviews. This will come in very handy with the Chicago winters. Also love the Nav feature where it shifts music to back speakers when Nav directions are given. This and the integrated features/voice control are good reasons to go for Factory option if U can. 

The interior and exterior design. Very fun to zip around town in.

The premium audio system is great. A must have since it drowns out the road noise.

The V-tec engine.

Engine, 6spd tranny, handling. This is really that great of a car. I had a 400bhp AWD eclipse for 9 years and I don't really miss it although the power was intoxicating. This Si just does everything right. I've yet to find the limits of grip yet, but only have 1k miles on it so far. 

Dash lay out, looks, gas mileage

MP3 aux input, sunroof, interior design, build quality.

Gas that is only $0.90 at a number of public stations in Oklahoma. Nice gauge layout with a great look. Great feel when driving at highway speeds.

Telescoping/tilt wheel, seats, interior design, split dash display, exterior design, large windshield.

Sunroof, MP3, Aux port, big trunk

Six airbags, great mileage, sunroof, and Navigation system. On a recent trip to unfamiliar part of town, it was great to push the button and say "Go Home!" Unfamiliar interstate interchange, I zoomed in and figured it all out while at a red-light. Good stuff!

Responsive steering, wide-spanning headlights and the mirror lights, dashboard controls with voice command, and the navigation system. 

I love the exterior and interior styling. The car handles like a go-kart. It's extremely fun to drive.

Dashboard instruments, sporty design, performance, oil life indicator.

Dash, well built car, fuel mileage.

Like the looks of the coupe, easy to drive and park, stickshift is light with short throws. Paint on the car is perfect! The optional auto dimming mirror is a great thing and is well worth the money.

Quiet, comfortable ride. Plenty of power for normal commuting. Seems well-built. There are nice standard features in the LX model. I am interested to see if I can get 30+ MPG after the motor break-in.

MP3, sunroof, roomy, exterior & interior look, can't hear engine running, compact, daytime running light, heated seats, center console and maintenance reminder and tire pressure sensor.

Exterior is unique, the black color I chose has little tiny blue sparkles in the sun, it looks amazing. Interior is roomy, the cupholders is neat because there is a little compartment to cover over them if you dont want them seen. Lots of little compartments. Blue lighting on the gauges.

Performance (acceleration & steering), tight handling, very solid & quiet structure, comfortable & ADJUSTABLE seats (unlike Prius), $1050 tax credit, the satisfaction that you're acknowledging the kind of driving you really do, not the kind you want to do. 

Awesome stereo. Moonroof. 6-speed manual. Comfortable seats. Styling.

I like the smooth shifter the most it's really nice even in sub zero temps. I also really like the digital speed at the top of the dash. The heater is very strong really can blast the heat. I like the design of the seats very comfortable for long trips over 2 hours.

Aux input, COMFORTABLE leather seats, one touch driver window/sunroof, remote/key combo, locking gas tank cover, sturdy/quality sound when the door shuts

The dashboard and all the excellent quality and engineering in this car. 

Spaceship styling (exterior and interior), ergonomics, overall engineering refinement, LSD (handling), 8,000 RPM redline, adrenaline-pumping VTEC kicking in, sound system + MP3 hookup, front sport seats, opposable windshield wipers, safety features, expected Honda reliability.

Fun to drive! I find myself wanting to go cruising in the car despite high gas prices. Handles like a sports car, planted feel. The engine+ trans. has a unique sound to it, when you accelerate at a low to moderate pace it sounds like the monorail from Disney World. I love that sound! Elegant styling.

The two tier dash and wheel controls for the stereo are fantastic. Engine RPM at 65 is just over 2000, which means it's super quiet. The PC Card is great as dealing with an iPod while driving is also unsafe. The fwd visibility is by far this car's best trait. It feels panoramic, open and airy.

MPG, aux input, heated seats, one touch window and sunroof, sturdy cupholders, and the amount of room for the size of the car! No hump on the floor in the backseat! 

The sound of the engine. The seats are top class comfort.

The acceleration of the manual transmission and the smile on my face when I pass the gas station!

Interior and exterior looks, great mileage.

DVD-based navigation (with touch screen audio controls), 6-speed, two tiered dash, 17" performance wheels, aux input, iVTEC, power moonroof, trunk is surprisingly big for this size car

Fighter iet interior design, body side molding, Betty (my nav system), steering wheel, digital spedometer, huge trunk, hugging seats, spoiler, my color (the orange-red color) XM radio is actually worth the $$.

Favorite feature is the interior and exterior of the car. It rides and handles very good. It is very sporty. I love the car.

Suggested Improvements

1. Very smooth shifting. 2. Good gas mileage in the city. 3. IPOD connection. 

Inner and outer styling, gas mileage, handling, audio system. The speedometer is easily my favorite. 

Manual gearbox. Dashboard is awesome.

Handling/steering feel. 

Unconventional styling, roomy interior and trunk. Free-revving engine.



Fuel economy: 23 in a city! 33 on a highway! (could be better, but hey :-) Small body and turning ability in a small space will save your time in a parking!

Navigation, handling and comfort including rear seating comfort. XM is a nice touch also. Mpg makes the purchase price tolerable.

Interior layout is awesome! Stereo accommodates the Heavy Metal genre! Looks great! LOW ROAD NOISE! Super fun to drive!

Hands-free navigation system is by far my favorite. It rivals systems in much pricier cars I tried. Love all the options for music- CDs, FM radio, XM, and the PC card. I like the slightly smaller steering wheel a lot- I already have a tight turn radius and can do a U with one hand easily.

Interior design with digital display, body style, gas mileage, safety, auxiliary jack, sound system, moonroof, large trunk.

The feel of the car when driving, and its great looks.

Sound system is the cleanest I've heard in a car at this price point. I'm averaging 26-27mpg in fairly aggressive driving. 6sp manual is silky smooth. The entire drive train in this car is what make it so special.

Fuel economy, doors that feel solid when they close, quality plastics, non- flimsy rear-view mirror, leather seats, heated side mirrors

Interior's design, digital temperature gauge, iPod hookup, gas mileage

Fun to drive, comfortable, mileage, quiet. Safety features are excellent. Eye catching black exterior.

The excellent pickup & the engine sounds. I have been "pushing it" & I am still getting 29+ miles per gallon. Who could ask for more?

Exceptional gas mileage, unique split cluster design, impressive trunk space (for a small car), lots of airbags.

Diplay cluster, exterior look, interior, and i-VTEC



Suspension set-up. Handles better than my Audi A3 and it's softer over the bumpy stuff. Who would have thought? I also love the exhaust note, all Goldilocks. Not to loud and not too soft...it's just right. I also love the shift nob. Nice touch.

Value. Mileage. Style. Reliability (if true to my past Honda experience). Fun to drive. Navi. That solid Honda "thunk" when you close the doors! Amazing Honda paint. 6,000 miles between oil changes.

Dashboard, smooth 5 speed manual, gas mileage, rev happy i-vtec, daytime running lights, side curtan airbags, auto door locks

Two tiered gauge cluster, aux output (doesn't inherently affect sound quality ... thats simply an mp3 vs audio cd issue), and aggressive styling, design of the steering wheel

16 inch sport tires, smooth revving engine, great gas mileage, good-looks, led speedometer and dash layout, roominess.

Excellent stereo with 6 speakers, great climate controls, easy to use cruise control, 4 doors because we have a three year old!

Two-tiered dash with blue lights, iPod jack, smooth ride, safety rating (I'm a claims adjuster, that's important to me), steering wheel stereo controls, storage everywhere, seats comfortable, gas mileage good

What is there to not like, a neat car to drive and own. I have an LX model, so I have a neat little GPS.

hybrid technology

Control most of the features with voice recognition. Possibility of adding a media card with your MP3 on it (I have installed a 2Gb CF with many songs). GSP very precise. Great interior.

Peppy, nice interior can listen to my iPod through the speakers and the gas mileage!

Great gas mileage. $2100 tax credit (not a deduction - actual cash back) until the end of the year. Fun to drive. Small windows near sideview mirrors add a lot of light and decrease blind spots! Nice sound system with MP3 connection - much better than Camry's! Front arm rest is adjustable!

Excellent stereo, seating position, engine feel, exhaust sound, looks, and the unique interior design. Honda is taking the lead in designing something new for the interior and it works great. You will find passerbys sneaking a peak into the cabin to see your guage layout. 

Built-in-dash MP3 cd player (I live in a somewhat high crime area). "Zippiness". Comfortable seats. Instrument panel. Feel of the stick. Interior and exterior styling. Just a great little car.

Leather interior, heated seats and mirrors, sunroof, fast and fun, short throw shifter, booming stereo.

Navigation system, auto-stop, fuel economy, magnetic pearl color, 8-year warranty on battery, $2100 tax credit

Numerous safety features. Navi system overall design of car handling fun to drive positive response

Handling, and when the i-VTEC kicks in at 6,000 RPM

Plays mp3s burned onto a CD, chicks love it, great gas mileage, two-tiered dash very pleasing, handles like a dream, great price, audio volume adjusts to speed, got a 120,000 mile extended warranty for cheaper than any other car.... pretty much everything

Tiered dashboard, easy iPod hookup, the general handling of the car and its quick responsiveness. The gas mileage is great (avg 31 mpg currently)

MPG; handling; interior features and comfort

Gas mileage is great. Reliability and safety factors were the selling point for me. Many have commented against the split level dash with speedometer up higher. Actually it's a good idea once you get used to it. Easier to see and doesn't take that much of glance to check it while driving.

Gas mileage, handling, dashboard.

The steering wheel control for the radio is very convenient. Quieter than I thought. 5 spd shifter is as smooth and easy as cutting thru butter. I did a lot of research on-line and test driving several cars. Beats the Sentra, Corolla, tC. Better trunk than Mazda3, and less costly than VW. 

The six speed shift is short and sweet; handles like a dream; great stereo; fun, fast and all the goodies!

Speedometer out in front by windshield. Center console armrest slides forward. Wiper speed adjusts to car speed. Good mileage.

Manual transmission, great handling, great safety features, audio aux input, looks great from the rear, resale value, reliability.

Leather interior, heated seats, great audio system, superior crash test rating, and excellent resale value.

Two tier system. Radio. Controls. Outside design. Cup holders. Ability to switch between MPH to KPH easily. Seats. Airbags and ABS.

Digital speedometer

I like the stereo with the standard subwoofer and the steering wheel controls. I also like the sunroof, the heated coupe seats and the way the controls light-up at night. The car feels smooth and solid when driving. The brakes are smooth and work well. The whole driving experience is great!

Handling is great. Love the digital dash and keyless entry. Telescoping steering is great!

The smooth control and sensation while driving. The GPS system is easy to learn and what can I say about having my XM account now in my car as well as at my desk. Fuel ecomomy is great especially at today's gas prices.

The display for the MPH is amazing along with the tachometer. The seat moves up and down and the little compartments to hold everything are so helpful. Aux port is nice for my iPod and the seat moves up and down with a pump lever to adjust height which is nice. Plenty of space in back. Trunk is huge

Gas mileage, interior layout (2 tiered dash), fun to drive (good handling, tight steering), low maintenance, and hopefully lives up to the Civic reputation for durability.

navigation

Navigation. XM radio. Ease of handling. Safety ratings. 

The way it looks - it looks classy and expensive when in reality it is a good deal car.

Durability, sound engine, smooth transmission, good gas mileage. 

Stick, radio, great acceleration yet economical, smooth as slick power-train, comfortable seats and ample room. 

The model I have has a device input jack that allows me to listen to music off my phone, or mp3 players. This feature is awesome!

I like the dash and gauges. It is built in layers so you can see everything without it appearing cluttered.

Maintenance Minder System - Following recommended intervals at dealer as the codes appear. Three oil changes in 14 months at 8000 miles, 17,200 miles, & 26,300 miles. No issues to date - Solid & Smooth!

Love the moonroof; the audio controls on the steering wheel; the comfortable seats, the dashboard especially; the rims; the color; MPG; everything. 

Has a very tight turning circle.

Fuel economy and style



iVTECH at 6000rpm, cornering, easy shift lever

Great gas mileage, sleek design, cool dash, enough legroom

Backlit instrument cluster, steering wheel audio controls, alloys, moonroof, auto-lock doors, easy to park

Instrument panel, paints seems to take knocks well, decent interior room for small car.

Having driven the Civic through one brutal Fairbanks winter down to 50 below, the heater has proven to be excellent. Even idling and around town. Instrumentation is cool, and the ergonomics also very good. Looks very sporty. Very high resale according to most sources. 

Instrument display

Good mileage. Nice instrument cluster.

Gas mileage. Front exterior design.

Nice looking coupe. 

1) Steering is very easy to control. 2) Digital display speed control. 3) Enough space. 4) Above all sports car look and feel.

Dashboard is sick, red on black, I love the interior but you do need to vacuum it out weekly to keep it looking great. Traction, v-tec, sound system is ok.

I have to say its the style, because it does not look like every other car on the road. The Si is so much better looking than the regular Civic. The fuel mileage is better than I expected. The engine sounds so sweet above 6K. Its almost like a turbo kicking in. The interior is very well done

The XM radio has been great especially over the long drives. The navigation system has been a real help especially when in cities that are new. The accuracy is great.

Interior design is absolutely gorgeous. The steering wheel controls have to be my favorite feature - very solid feeling, simple and easy to use. Maintenance minder system is great - no worries about counting down mileage until your next oil change.

Navigation, MPG, high redline, reliability... all things that a "cheap" car needs to feel not-so-cheap.

Surprisingly stable at high speed (80-90 mph), sleek steering wheel and display panel, quiet ride.

Fuel economy, Honda reliability

Sunroof, gas mileage, heated leather seats and mirrors a plus.

The front bucket seats are very comfortable and the iPod aux connection is a great addition.

Gas mileage. Maneuverability - stable at speed corners. Look and feel. My wife loves the smooth shifting auto trans. For me pick-up and go is on the okay/good side. Aux connection. All the standard features: RM entry, P/M,P/D,P/W and climate ctrl. Also the big trunk. Tire pressure monitor 16" wheels.

Driver controls, very nice layout.

VTEC, handling, MPG, looks. This is a great looking car. Sound system is adequate, and unless you're a rap music junkie, the audio should suffice. Car has steepest raked windshield of any production car @ 19 degrees. So what? Means bugs just bounce off the windshield without leaving a mark! =)

The Nav system is excellent and superior to BMW and Lexus. The storage in and around the console is ample and very convenient.

Overshadowed by its faults 

Interior dash, navigation system, fold down rear seats, fuel economy, reliability, tire pressure gauge, heated seats, steering wheel controls (radio & cruise control) 

Gas mileage

Excellent handling. Very nimble around the city. Very solid on the highway. Extremely responsive engine (better than any other I test-drove in its class; but then, it has the highest HP in the class too, 140). Yet, even with a powerful engine, I am still getting excellent gas economy.

Sun roof. Brakes are strong with the best ABS I've ever seen. Handling in general and in the wind. Seats - firm but very comfortable. Very quick steering, tight turning circle, small and easy to park, seats 4 reasonably comfortably. Quick window up and down. Safety features (lots of airbags!).

Fuel economy, build quality.

Interior design

Quiet ride, roomy, good fuel economy (29 mpg), feels sporty, love that the tire pressure monitor comes standard, 5 speed automatic is very nice, good leg room in the back.

Gas mileage, dashboard.

Exterior, power for such a class car, great gas mileage. Ultimate Honda quality.

Looks, fuel mpg, comfort

Styling. Smooth, quiet drive. Fit and finish much better than Neon. MPG is great. Hope that it lasts like a typical Honda is supposed to.

Smooth shifter, gas mileage, good looks, perfect ergonomics. BTW, I average 33-40 mpg.

The style of the car.

Bucket style seats hold you nicely, bold display, extremely soft clutch with smooth transmission timing.

Fuel economy, styling, high revving engine.

Interior design. I get a lot of compliments from friends and that's pretty awesome. Exterior is attractive in black. I'm looking to add a spoiler, so that should help. Very smooth ride.

