The only good thing worth mentioning is the XM Radio!!!

The exterior look, definately the radio, LOVE the tire pressure sensors, and my leather seats!

XM Radio, IPOD Connection, Cruise on steering wheel, 6 pages of favorites on radio, radio is loud for stock, and my favorite the 2.2L engine...quick from take off, and the driver information center. (MPG average and INST, tire pressure, oil life, miles, a b trip, tank fuel economy and coolant.)

the 2.4L 5 speed sound system gas miles the look of the car. it dont have all the curves you see in new cars

I would have to say the XM radio and ipod connection

None

The looks and feel of the ride when driving

The car has decent acceleration, the interior styling is much improved over the now discontinued Sunfire, the XM radio and OnStar are awesome features to have!

Driver information, traction control, XM radio, engine performance, quiet ride, roomy interior, substantial trunk size.

Hmm, NOTHING

XM radio, white gauges by day, red at night. Looks sporty. Great suspension and handling. Gutsy engine. Onboard computer is really helpful. Have put 12,500 miles in 4 months and haven't had any problems. 100,000 mile warranty is awesome.

All of the standard safety features and traction control. Good power once on highway. 100K warranty covers the engine and tranny.

+ Onboard computer & driver info center. + Very nice radio head unit with XM. + Very firm seats and supportive seats. + Attractive exterior and nice, dark interior. + Highway mileage + Ridiculously easy to change the oil. VERY well designed cartridge oil filter system - you won't spill a drop.

The interior is simple but well done. We love the instrument panel. And the stereo is great. XM radio is awesome.

Love my XM, Not much outside noise when going down the road! Cruise control and comfort, air condition will freeze you out!

Sunroof, 6-disk cd changer, on star, pioneer system, remote start, not very many around like the cobalt. I'm 1 out of 11 G5s in my county which is a fairly good sized. I get 31.2 mpg average short trips less than 7 miles per trip.

Automatic headlights, the doors unlock when you turn the car off, easy to use radio and controls while driving, comfortable seating.

Style makes it look like a expensive sports car.

When it turns dark my speedometer lights up and my radio and lights turn on. I also love the the way the radio is set up.

Trip computer / tire pressure sensor. Radio quality and features with XM.

Engine performance, comfort, information center, smooth ride for this size of car, good trunk size, good factory stereo system 

Seating position, pickup power, cornering, MP3, fuel monitor, style, price. 

The fact that the car locks only when it is in gear, it automatically unlocks when it is in park! love that! Plus, I like the screen on dash that tells how many psi are in each tire.

