Exterior styling, Performance, 3rd row folding seat. Interior cargo space. (actually fit a hand-pushed pallet jack) All around a good vehicle....

engine; interior/exterior design; interior materials; versatility

SYNC!!! so easy to set up, a breeze to use. Fold flat seats make packing for trips so easy. I love the tan leather interior with my black exterior, looks sharp without getting too hot inside.Multiple storage compartments are roomy and easy to get to....allowing everyone to store their stuff!

Smooth take off and ride. Many interior features that are pluses!

Sync, safety, rear sensing system

Satellite radio

2+2+2 seating arrangement; surprising fit/finish/paint quality; comfortable leather seats; I actually like the exterior styling. The ergonomic layout - window switches, stereo, AC controls - is excellent. Tons of storage space, both large and small, which the Saab greatly lacked. 

Safety, MP3, Sync, heated seats, body style

AWD, six disc CD, aux port, leather, traction control and third row of seats. For the base SEL, this thing is loaded.

remote opening tailgate, sirius radio, sunroof and leather.

Easy to fold rear seats flat. Comfortable ride !

I like the memory seats( the wife is 5' and I am 6'2) so it saves a lot of time adjusting. The third seat that folds down and can be stowed flat if needed. Ride hight, the kids and mother-in-law can get in with out "climbing in."

7 passenger seating

Love the third row seating. Leather is very appealing. 

My favorite feature is the ease of entrance and exit. My 92 year old father has difficulty getting into and out of other cars; they either sit too high or too low. The Ford Taurus X is just right. He loves the bar on the passenger side of the dashboard (What a great idea!!).

Heated Seats,, 2nd row buckets and 3rd row "stow and go". Comfort

There's only one name in tires and that is Pirelli. As far as I know, Ford seems to be the only North American company to use them on some of their cars. Heated seats, moon roof, power hatch, 

All of the cubbies for stuff and the adjustable foot pedals. I also love the way it looks, and the fact that it's a less popular crossover. I don't see my vehicle coming and going like I did with my minivan. 

Sync

The AWD is the best. I had a 4X4 Expedition, and this car plows through all road conditions like a big SUV, but has crisp handling, and shorter braking distances.

Size, 7 pass, sync, power everything, quiet and smooth driving, AWD, safety ratings

Theatre seating & independent wheel control. I'd love to try the independent wheel control, but the dealer has had the car all winter...so far. 

Overall comfort, ride, handling, flexible interior, build quality, long list of standard features, smooth and abundant power.

I love the heated seats, the dual control heating. Kids can control what they want- cooling or heating. Husband loves Sirius radio. I like the push button to lift middle seat to get in back. We had car 5 months before we found it. Oops

Engine is pretty snappy, turning radius is very good, interior is nice. Has a lot of options available that weren't on this model, and I would have bought a few more if I had ordered it new. Had room for all my stuff without appearing to be overfull. 

Fun to drive with lots of power.

Fold flat seats in the back.

SYNC (mp3 player ), quantity of bins and cup holders, 6 speed transmission, 50/50 third row seat, the outside visibility is excellent, the H rated Pirelli tires ( I do believe they help with the highway gas mileage ). It's just a great vehicle.

Top safety pick. A+ reliability. 18.5 stopngo mpg and 22-23 hwy for a heavy AWD (safe in wet weather!) vehicle. Traction! Seamless AWD! Supportive seats! Flexible interior! Rear seats fold fast and easy! Drives like a car, not a truck! SYNC alone is a reason to buy this over others. Dashtop storage!

IIHS top-safety rating, SYNC, 6CD/MP3 and AUX USB, fold-flat seats

Seating room, heated leather seats, sunroof, great sounding stereo

Auxilary input (for mp3 player). All safety features. Highly configurable. Can change from 7 passenger car to lumber (10ft) hauler to 2 minutes. Plenty of options in between. Best utilty of CUV I've seen. Every feature I would want on a car. Plenty of power and handles like a car.

Powerful engine and smooth transmission. Fold down seats, especially the right front seat back. Responsive steering and handling. Great gas mileage considering the size and weight of the vehicle

I am a gadget person so my favorite feature is the navigation.

Fold flat seats are awesome especially with a 7 yr old who plays hockey, football and baseball. Memory seats, pedals & mirrors are a bonus when you're 6'2" like me & have a wife who is 5'5". Ride is super smooth. Feels like you're driving a Lincoln. Glad to see Pirelli tires on this one. Excellent stero. 

Drivetrain. 3rd row seats easy to access. controls easy to use. 

Features in the limited package

Impeccable safety, and of course Sync.

Like the seating 2+3+2, fold flat. Good fuel economy at this size - In the first 1000 miles I got 22MPG mixed city/highway. On pure highway, I can easily get over 28MPG. Quiet drive. IIHS Top Safety Pick. 6CD with mp3. SYNC.

The entire package makes for a practical every day people hauler. All wheel drive, room for 6, and versatility.

Lower car seat anchors in third row, back up sensors, options on the base model.

Bigger engine, car like ride, practical design, reverse sensing, navigation & SYNC systems, various seat configurations, sound system, AWD, great handling on curves, safety features, solid performance.

Standard features. Room. Build quality. Comfort. Sirius radio, steering wheel controls.

Third row seats, overall look, quiet, great ride and comfort

Third row, heated seats, adjustable second row, engine performance

The handling is excellent for a vehicle of this type. Power liftgate and Sync are really cool.

SYNC, cup holders, fold flat seats (great for sleeping when not tenting).

Written by: 

The comfort of the front seats and the navigational system along with the great sound from the Audiophile system. This car is the best value I've found for what you get. The Mazda CX-9 and the Cadillac SRX isn't nearly as comfortable to me. The only thing they have that the X doesn't is styling.

Effortless driveability. Smooth shifting 6 speed AT hardly ever makes its presence known. The 3.5 L engine is a winner.

Convenience package with 6-Disc changer is good. Overall vehicle packaging and utility is great!

Power, performance, seating, quality workmanship. Clean lines and design.

Park distance warning, MP3 jack in center console, plug for kids video player located right where you'd want it, easily converted third row of seats

Virtually no road noise. Smooth engine and transmission. Looks good and has loads of interior room. Airbags galore, AWD, Dual climate control.

I can see out the rear-view mirror with DVD player in use (improvement over Freestyle). Love the two-tone interior and heated leather seats. My husband loves the ride. It's very car-like. It doesn't feel like you are driving such a large vehicle.

18" chrome wheels, zip, snap & go, comfort, and style

Refined ride, plenty of pickup, no road noise, smooth shifting through the gears, easy to drive, car like ride, luxurious interior, uses regular gasoline

Pick up and go. Mileage saver, entertainment center, serious music package, remote back lid door. Lots of room.

Compared to our 04 Tribute, the ride is the best feature. It's quite smooth and quiet on the highway. Not much wind noise. Very little engine noise.

Comfy ride and steering wheel, plenty of room and storage space, easy and useful controls. Mirror has something in it which makes lights from cars who drive behind at night soft green and easy on your eyes. Kids love DVD!

The ability to easily and effortlessly configure the cargo area, the DVD entertainment system, and the ample storage areas including on the dash. Good acceleration from a standstill and from 30 mph.

