stereo.

Like my truck except when I have to take it to be repaired.Warranty is only good as the Dealer and the service

Interior room

Onstar, Looks, Comfort!

The four wheel drive system. Onstar with hands free phone works great.

Truck handles well except has fairly large turning radius. MPG is good for a truck with 17-19 in mixed driving and 23-24 ion highway. Acceleration is very good for a truck (I5 engine). Much roomier that previous Ford Ranger, but not so large on outside as full size truck.

4WD

Leather Heated seats work great. And comfortable. handling is great. Love the satellite radio and OnStar. This truck has the best fog lights on any vehicle I've owned. 

Full four doors. 

Surprising in-line power and very good mileage even with 3.73 rearend gears.

The exterior style. I love the chrome wheels and bumper. It is fun to drive with the torque in this puppy.

Leg room, OnStar, communication center

Lots of room.

Plenty of oomph for pulling small trailer loads, I. E. Two jet skis, 17 foot car hauling trailer with 1000 pound lawn and garden tractor. Most favorite feature is bench seat in front so my wife can sit next to me.

Power. Take off. Fuel economy. Insurance savings. OnStar. Fun to drive or be seen in

OnStar! (Safest way to drive & talk.) Torque. Reliability. Roomy crew cab for its size. Paint/Trim/Finish. Gas mileage.

Body lines and outside appearance. The satellite radio and OnStar hands free phone service is nice. 

OnStar



So far, we enjoy about everything on it.

2.9 4 cylinder engine and 5 speed powertrain. This makes it a fun to drive little truck. The clutch has a nice feel, and the transmission's shifts are clean and the throws are short. It's a lot like drving a car. I also like the styling and the roominess of the cab. Good list of standard features.

The exterior look, oil change light, the shoulder seat belt in the back middle seat. 



Auto lights, tailgate and 90 degree rear doors

Highway mpg. Radio/XM radio/CD sound system. Maneuverability in parking places. Acceleration power in highway traffic. All around utility.



Peppy engine, XM radio, automatic headlamps

The black color

XM radio, sunroof, 5yr/100K mile warranty, and overall looks.

MP3 CD player, smooth transmission, great power for a small engine, great fuel economy

Power and towing smoothness.

Engine power, OnStar, exterior appearance.

Tire pressure monitor. Oil life monitor. Fuel economy. Bench seat (only midsize that seats 6) Auto headlights. Multi-angle tailgate. Asounding performance from 4 cyl engine. Exterior styling

Powerful 4cyl. engine! Excellent handling!

Exterior looks, leather interior with the sunroof,heated front seat, XM radio!

Leather seats, OnStar, Tonneau cover, radio system. 5 cycl, great pep and towing.



