Sound system, interior look and feel, shift pattern, moonroof. 

Ipod connection, moon roof/sun roof, Pioneer speakers and CD player.

Style

Sunroof, interior, stock sound system, and hip exterior. 

Controls on the steering wheel, Standard iPOD hook-up, Dual Moonroof

Decent acceleration, glass roof, audio system, lot's of space with back seats folded down

Sun roof, mp3 radio / sub, dual auto windows, rear folding / tilt back seats

The double sun-roof, i-pod hookup, the backseats fold down, first aid kit ( haha) the lights in the cupholder, and also the things i paid extra for including: spoiler, neons, the scion light on the rockerpannel.

Factory subwoofer, panoramic roof, overall styling.

stereo system, moonroofs

18" wheels, dual sun roof, Appearance, Sound system

radio, moon roofs, reclining back seats!

great stock stereo system!

Moonroof and comfortable seats.

Factory aftermarket upgrades. Relatively inexpensive replacement parts. Sound system. Dual moon-roofs.

Sunroof, handling, performance, and over all looks. This car is built in Japan unlike Camry or Corolla. 

Sun roof, nice handling, very quick, styling, 33 mpg!

Dual moonroofs, iPod integration, zippy performance, comfortable seats.



Sun/moon roof, hatchback, reclining back seats, ipod connector.

Long list of standard features, interior design and layout, and power/handling.

Curve cutting turns the car makes, fog light kit. Minus the 6 speed trans this car has taken the baton form Celica.

Pure pricing (no haggle/hassle), styling, stereo, handling, hp, available options, very adjustable seats, dashboard layout, stereo controls on steering wheel.

The list goes on, I LOVE the sunroof, it's like a safe convertible. The iPod hookup, the seat design (by the way even the backseat is incredibly comfy), sunroof, the tail lights, the front lights, tires, sunroof, add ons, personalization features, speedometer design, and did i mention the sunroof?

The panoramic roof, the hatchback (I've got 3 dogs), the acceleration, the heavy-duty A/C, the 17" wheels, headlights and taillights, the sound system set on "Feel," the spoiler, the Sizzling Crimson Mica paint job, the lack of chrome, the cruise control, the outside temperature reading, etc.!



Great brand name music system. Standard bass included! Comfortable seats. Nice wheels, not just hub caps. Can personalize radio start up message. More room than Civic!

panoramic sunroof, interior styling and lighting, lots of room for being a sports car. nice handling, cornering, acceleration. 

my favorite feature is the controls on the staring wheel and also that the radio is compatible with mp3 and Ipod 

Pioneer cd player, ipod connector, panoramic sunroof, headlights looks great. just EVERYTHING about this car.

Hip styling which makes daughter happy. Looks like a Celica which makes wife happy. Air bags, IPOD connection, dual moon roofs, styling. Daughter loves the color (blue) and the wheels. 

The entire car, from body to navigation and all the customizable features....love it!

The Panoramic sunroof, new tweaks for '08, Auto Shut Of Headlamps, Looks Great and Ipod hookup lets you use your ipod through the stock radio in dash

my favorite features are the panoramic sunroof, the 6 inch subwoofer, the upgraded radio that i have, the rims, the speed, the sportiness of it, the new tail lights, the space that you get in a 2 door sort coupe, the hatch that lifts up enough to fit a lot of things in it.i just really love my car!!!

I love the front "face", especially since I bought aftermarket fog lights and grilles that integrate better than factory models. Very pretty car! I really like the panorama roof, hatchback design and the stereo with subwoofer and iPod integration.

The sunroof, you have to get the premium stereo cause its is definitely worth the $400, the way it drives, the stock wheels, the looks, everything basically.

High class audio display. 18" Wheels. Transmission. Safety.

Additional options, stock tires and rims very nice. The 6'' subwoofer and speakers perform very well. Interior and exterior design awesome. I would suggest the carbon fiber dash it adds a lot of quality to the car.

Body styling, 2 sun roofs, 17" wheels, fast and fun to drive. Great manufacturers warranty!

Everybody loves the panoramic moonroof. The safety of the 7 airbags make me feel safe. 

Stereo and the dash board.

ALL! Especially the gas mileage.

Two moonroofs, styling, fun to drive, hatchback, and a lot of standard features.

I love the stereo - I'm a bit of an audiophile so it's much better than average, the iPod connection is awesome, and controls on the steering wheel! Dual sunroofs, cruise, low tire gauge, great looks outside, fantastically designed interior, double tiered glove box, folding back seats, QUIET ride!

The looks: big rims, cool tail/headlights, panarama sunroof. Good gas mileage. Kickin sound system. A steal for one of the best built cars around.

Had TRD rear sway bars installed at the dealership, and the handling is fantastic (had them set for street and not track).

Good handling, decent performance and good gas mileage.

I love the quickness and pride that I get out of my tC. And the fact that I can customize whenever I want to is just awesome to able to just save up money and then blow it on a car that has such great quality as my tC!

LED taillight option, fog lights, upgraded sound system, and overall look & performance. A nice practical option is the floor mats with removable carpeting - it makes clean up easier

Great stereo. Steering wheel stereo controls. Dual sunroof. 

Dual sunroofs, iPod capability, standard subwoofer, power everything.

My favorite features were the low-profile tires on the 17 inch alloy rims. I also really like the mini subwoofer that is factory installed in the trunk. 

Optional pedestal spoiler, sound system.

Acceleration, handling and brakes.

I like the upgraded sound system and the moon roof, the reliability is top notch.

Sun/moonroof, immobiliser, exterior design, the fact that headlights turn off by themselves, the lighting of the speedometer, and the hatch.

Sunroof, navigation system, audio controls on steering wheel, exterior design, and iPod connector.

iPod hookup and music control on the steering wheel. Very easy to listen to all of your songs. Comes standard with subwoofer beneath the trunk. Good exterior design.

My favorite feature is the iPod connection and pretty much everything!

"Big" 4 cylinder, standard features, new headlights and tail lights. 

Panoramic sunroof, 17" wheels, dash design, everything really.

The glass moonroof, stereo, overall style, engine, slick clutch and 5 spd.

The upgraded audio, Pioneer, the sunroof/ moonroof, the outside design, and the MPG.

Moonroof, premium upgrade audio system, and 17" alloy wheels.

Panoramic sun/moon roof. 

The rear hatch, radio controls on the steering wheel. The new headlights and tail lights. 

