The growl of the boxer engine, AWD, exterior design, reliability, and the fun of driving it! And the fact that it's a Subaru!

AWD, Heated Seats,Turbo

All Wheel Drive & Stability Control.

SI-drive, DCCD, boxer engine sound, turbo sound, bbs rims, nav, side fender vents with the STi logo.

Manual transmission (auto was too weak); smooth ride (though it was too "washy" until I adjusted to the ride height) after having sports cars; Premium Pkg & lower seats (for the shifting); Body Style; AWD; Because Subaru makes awesome reliable products.

I like the styling, everything else is average or below.

AWD and reliable build.

The interior lay out is attractive. This car is very nice looking in Newport blue. I like that the hood stays up with out a prop rod (it uses hydraulic cylinders). The light color interior is very rich looking.

AWD of course. Nice gas mileage. Very roomy inside (except for hatch with all seats up), with nice head room. Looks great except from directly behind (not a big fan of the clear rear lights). So far very dependable, no issues at all. Lots of features for 20k.

The breaks... they are wonderful.

AWD and turbo! MPG easily worth the fun factor. Very exciting to drive. Exterior design - I love it. Projector headlights, body kit, heated mirrors, wipers, and seats. In-dash CD changer. MP3/aux-in jack. Perfect mix of practicality and joyride.

The hill assist function since I'm new to manual. Nice smooth ride, and very good looking car. Roomy. 

Styling, road handling (grips like crazy in corners), very good low-end power for a relatively small engine, AWD for the snow, available manual transmission, price is good for the features.

Performance! Quick off the line and revs fast. Built sporty even though it's not the Sport or WRX hatchback design offers a more functional space as opposed to sedan. LED tail lights, get em! Standard airbags for front and back seat side impact. Lot's of standard options, HIDs! AWD!



Engine, interior instrument cluster, iPod jack, 17in rims, driving!

The silver two tone is nice looking along with the 17" rims. AWD (handling), heat seats, side mirros and wipers, all weather floor mats, overall feel of the car! The use of regular gas rather than premium which is what a lot of cars seem to be doing these days.

Smooth stick shift and clutch. Nice hill assist function. Great gas mileage for AWD car. Comfortable driver seat. Rear seat is also nice size. Overall quiet and solid car.

AWD, handling, styling, nice dash layout/materials. Not everyone is driving one. 

Symetrical AWD, great content for a $21k vehicle, decent enought mpg, I like the new look (5 door only), roomy interior.

Performance and handling.

As a GPS virgin, the nav system is by far my favorite toy at the moment. The novelty of it will eventually wear off and when it does I doubt the plus of GPS will offset the lack of a multi-disc in dash CD player. 

AWD, turbo, iPod integration

MPG calculator, sharp design, great ride and handling, Subaru reliability, unique car.

Interior, very comfortable. dash, easily access everything. 

Instrument cluster, seats.

Large engine for a small car (170HP), AWD, exterior trim with alloy wheels, neat display and layout in the interior.

Mirror that tints, New interior styling, smooth ride and great pick up. Seats fold flat in the back.

 The powerful 173 standard HP . The ability of the car to exceed others in ride quality and safety. Over all low interior noise.

heated seats wiper defrosters Room 4-wheel drive the way it drives

AWD w/VDC, can't beat it in the snow. Cool gadgets like iPod controls in radio. I like the looks, but wish I had a WRX with the hood scoop instead.

Heated seats, mirrors and wipers. Gas mileage (former suv owner), mpg gauge, I am a whole new driver. Roomy cabin and storage. You can plug in your iPod, zune, etc.

Full-time 4wd. Safety packege is world class. Braking w/ ABS, and force distribution. Standard feature list. Very nice stock tire/wheel package. Very modest price for what you get.

AWD, IPOD interface, Bluetooth Interface Sat Radio

AWD, MP3 disc capability and aux jack, hatch and 100% fold down rear seats, MPG/temp indicator, auto headlight shut-off, Sportshift, All safety features (lower insurance cost), small storage pockets under cargo floor, and ability to easily add tons of handy accesories after purchase. 

MPG readout. It really helps to conserve gas when wanted. I am getting 32 mpg hwy and 26 mpg city when driving conservatively. I love it with AWD! If I decide to have some fun on snowy roads, mileage drops to about 23. Still good for AWD.

AWD and VDC for piece of mind. H4 engine is the same as many piston engine aircraft use. Seats!

All wheel drive, traction, handling, comfortable seats, full air bag package standard.

Outback package better equipped for outdoor use, AWD with VDC and traction control, two-toned paint, the car is very attractive.

All wheel drive, turbo, low tach range turbo boost that minimizes the turbo surge that the older WRXs had, quality finishes in the interior.

Performance, sports grille, all-wheel drive, comfort.

A lot of ooomph in that motor! Steering is dead-on. Seats are great. Back seat room is terrific. I really like the styling. The hill assist is great here in hill country.

heated seats!

Love the flat 4 boxer sound through the gears. Sure-footed AWD and VDC. Very affordable and safe.

AWD, electronic stability control (which can be toggled off), hatch with fold-flat rear seats, reliability, sport-shift automatic (best of both worlds).

Turbo, this is a porsche chaser. AWD, rain and unpaved roads = no match. VDC, can be turned off for showing off and turned on for all other types. Interior, quality seat material, cockpit is uniquely both spacious and snug with a warm glowing red dash. Wheels, nice 17" rim design. Great fast wipers.

Steering column (small and tight), interior design, outside design, really everything about it.

Improvements from my '04 OBS: normal back seat, wider, but shorter, with longer wheelbase. Tons of power, handles well in most situations. Subaru AWD is amazing -- haven't been in snow yet, but my '04 was amazing in snow and mud - never slid, never out of control. Comfy (but lower) drivers seat.

Love the turbo, love the interior lighting with the red and a bunch of airbags for safety. 

I'm a fan of the new body style. 

Manual transmission (they are becoming an endangered species these days!). Symmetrical all wheel drive, Interior layout and materials, excellent ride, minimum road noise.

The AWD! Exterior styling and interior comfort! The engine also offers plenty of "get-up and go!" And the fuel economy is much inproved from my last car (a 2005 chevy cobalt). I'm getting about 22 in the city and 28 on the highway! Awesome vehicle!

Have to get the Premium Package (it's worth the extra $1200 or so). You get six disc CD, upgraded interior, fog lamps, & vehicle dynamics control (VDC)-a great safety feature. Also has 16" aluminum alloy wheel, dual front air bags, side curtain airbags, 4 wheel DISC brakes.

Performance, looks and premium features in an inexpensive car. 

The interior lay out is attractive. This car is very nice looking in Newport blue. I like that the hood stays up with out a prop rod (it uses hydraulic cylinders).

Quiet cabin, responsive engine, excellent handling and the premium sound system is pretty sweet. For the price, it can't be beat. Sporty little car with AWD! Gas mileage is much better than my Explorer, so I can't complain about 23 mpg. Looking forward to seeing what it will do on hwy!

The audio jack, hands down.

AWD, hatchback, performance and fuel economy. MPG calculator, VDC - traction control and hill assist on manual are very good. 

New body is extremely stylish. All wheel drive system is amazing. Great on gas for an AWD vehicle.

I love the AWD and the turbo. The sound system is really nice and I have actually found a situation where I needed to waste some time and watched an iPod video on the monitor. It isn't just a gimmick. It drives more like a european car, and deserves a look if you like the GTI, especially as a hatch.

The info center. 6 disc CD changer. All the air bags. All wheel drive.

Interior design, build, ride, handling, flat 4 engine sound and you don't often see them. AWD is great in the winter and enhances handling very nicely. 

Very smooth and quiet on the freeway. Nice interrior. Rear seats fold down!! Good price and good gas mileage for an AWD.

External styling is quite good and the car does look nice. 

24 mpg city/highway. Four wheel drive. Good visibility looking out all windows. Wife loves the car. 

I would say the floor mats, but they are falling apart... so I guess the seats are my favorite.

Excellent handling. Ample stereo with the 10 speaker system. Really like the new style. Excellent acceleration!

Even the base 2.5I comes with plenty of features. To me the car combines some of those qualities I liked best in the dozen or so cars I've owned. The Boxer engine seems pretty smooth for a 4!

AWD, build quality, interior space, interior design, ride quality, personality, LED tail lights, usability. 

Great car to drive, fun and easy once you get the clutch figured out!!! Fast and reliable except for the PAINT!!!!

The AWD, hatchback practicality, Turbo

The functional hood scoop, dashboard ambient lighting, windows are on door frames, unlike the Legacy I looked at. Great visibility. Oh yeah, and All-Wheel-Drive with side airbags = safe!

Instruments are easy to read and get along with. Radio easy to program, car is very user friendly. I love the info cluster on the dash. Tells you outside air temp, time, and makes it easy to keep fuel economy up with a mpg gauge.

Usefulness of a hatchback, all wheel drive, beautiful interior design and layout, clean exterior design, all around visibility, the growl from the boxer engine. 

AWD w/ VDC. 

Interior is nicely laid out and comfortable. Car is great in the snow. Subaru makes a lot of accessories. Too bad the build quality is keeping us from trading our 01 Grand Cherokee in for a new Forester.

Turbo, nav system turn by turn and driver's seat (goes up and down) and looks and safety - especially airbags in the rear.

Well thought out interior. Nice two-color paint schemes in this model. Keyless entry. Trunk release on the remote as well. Good stereo. Larger alloy rims are visually well designed. Rubberized pad on the bumper for the 5th door. VDC is amazing in the snow. Hood even stays open all by itself. :)

The AWD is great. Steering wheel has a good feel. Back seats fold down-this was an EVO deal breaker for me. Car's looks!

Performance for the price, fuel economy, reliability, AWD



Handling, acceleration, sporty looks, seats, simplicity, reliability, well-designed and doesn't feel cheaply made, nothing rattles, AWD. It is a very sturdy car. All-weather mats are nice. Gets 40 MPG if you scoot up behind a semi-truck at 55 MPH. Lots of airbags too.

# 1: Handling. #2: Turbo.

The engine. The aggressive look of the car, without the look of a "boy" speed racer (a ticket waiting to happen). The seats are much improved as is the interior space. Back seat passengers are much more comfortable.

The interior design is untouched in this class of vehicle (sub $20k). It is really beautiful.

All wheel drive and ability for $ 1,200 to increase the power to 350 hp via Cobb Tuning

Gas mileage, ride, interior, seating position



AWD, handling, reliability, safety and looks. Also I got very nice rate for my full coverage insurance compared to competitor vehicles. There is enough leg, shoulder and head room for tall drivers (I'm 6'5").

Interior design and layout; balanced feel; AWD grip; European good looks; stability control and traction control; steering has good feel and isn't too quick on the highway or too slow to be sporty; compact size; nice turn-in; good ride unless cornering hard; heated mirrors, seats, wiper area.

The AWD without a doubt, the iPod interface. I love the Newport Blue Pearl color I have.

Downshifting and blipping the throttle around corners plants the car firmly - good road manners under any driving conditions, and better than projected fuel economy (I've been getting ~25 combined city/highway and the car is still being broken in) - expecting 30+ with average driving.

The turbo engine. The 5dr wagon design. Friendly ergonomics.

Class leading power from the unique and fun boxer engine, comfortable and well balanced ride, nicely weighted and accurate steering and brakes, seats fit my back perfectly, airy and open feeling light colored interior, audio system uses quality speakers and sounds nicely balanced.

Sweet new looks, hatchback utility, great seats.

Solid, spritely, road hungry feel. I'm 186 cm tall, and I have enough room, even in such a small car.

25/29 cty/hwy fuel economy, AWD excellence, awesome safety features including surrounding airbag protection, 6' length capacity in the back with seats down (they lay flat! :)), e.g. you likely wont need to use the roof rack, and can remove it for better MPG. Aux plug for MP3!

awd is great and looks amazing

AWD, heated seats, boxer engine rumble, hill-holder clutch/brake, MP3/iPod capable stereo, great handling, great gas mileage

Interior design, exterior design (although 06-07 models looked more sporty) awd, long list of standard features, price, driving experience, versatility of the 5-door.

Handling, exterior looks, headroom, rear seat room, front sport seating, and the BIG tach right in the middle. 

AWD, smooth ride, roomy interior(except for hatch space), looks, gas mileage, premium sound system, expected reliability, 

Fuel economy, all wheel drive.

AWD. Handles great in the rain. Looking forward to the Buffalo snow!

AWD, safety features, Turbo, boxer rumble

All Wheel Drive, animal turbocharger, better then my old BMW more reliable too. Nav system is wonderful, brakes are good, tires work in snow. 

Performance. This thing moves! All wheel drive allows you to throw it into any corner at tire screeching speed w/out nary a whimper. Interior is well laid out. Everything you need and some you want. Good interior space, decent fuel mileage, great exterior looks w/out saying "I'm 16."

Sporty, comfort, ride, gas mileage, all wheel drive, cargo/passenger capacity, handling, reliability, heated seats, mirrors, and windshield wiper area, dual tone silver paint, modern tail lights, night time red dash coloration. Auto dimming mirror.

Over all roomy inside. All wheel drive. More grown up look inside and out.

Sound and feel of the boxer engine, unique appearance, ride quality, affordable all wheel drive.

Heated seats, front windshield wiper defrosters, fabulous sound system, smooth ride and acceleration. A fun car.

If you have to go out, regardless of the weather, and you don't want to keep a 2nd specialty vehicle in your garage, there really is no better car. I get 27 mpg in mixed driving, with 100% reliability, and some fun.

Decent pickup with the 5 speed manual. Fantastic balance of agility, ride comfort, quality, and economy.

Turbo, nav display, 5 doors, turbo again (sorry), vehicle diagnostics in LCD (nav) display, program light timing, dimming, chirp, everything through computer system, external temp sensor, automatic inside temp

AWD and torque of this little motor. feels like more than 170 hp

Plain and simply, the 2.5L turbocharged Boxer engine. Installed a CAI and SPT exhaust and you can hear the engine come to life. No need for the radio b/c this is awesome to listen to. Also a lot of Subaru aftermarket accessories can be added easily, as most wiring is already done (ex sat radio).

Red glowing STI in front of shifter DCCD system, SI drive (good for gas prices nowadays) space of hatch, and of course, the Turbo Boxer 4!

AWD, interior/exterior style, quality

AWD, radio/stereo that come with the premium package, stability control

Fit & finish. Gas mileage I get for an AWD is 25 mpg combined. Ergonomics. 

Performance. Optional good mileage. Comfort, safety, and quality.



Boost when driving on the 5M! The AWD. The boxer engine! 

Turbo, AWD. Safe

Lots of horsepower for such a small car, and it's even better with a manual transmission.

Turbo is smoother than previous models Seats are comfy Good build quality. Decent ride for a performance car

Performance, truly a pleasure to drive, exhaust note, practicality, cargo space. The styling is also great, and I get a lot of thumbs up from people checking the car out. Interior has a nice fit & finish too, unlike Evo's heavily plastic interior. This is an awesome year round sports car. 

Exterior looks (Wagon, the sedan is blah) AWD and traction control. Comfortable interior. Great value in this price range. Good safety ratings

A list of safety features as long as my arm, especially with the performance package replacing the rear brake drums with discs. The in-wheel radio controls are great. Looks great. Wish I'd bought the WRX model. Hill assist starter, and audio-in port are great standard features.



This car has an incredible turning radius. Parking is a cinch. Sound system is adequate, but nothing special. Folding rear seats are great and backseat legroom is pretty good, too. I had enough pep with the a/c turned on to merge into Phoenix rush hour traffic. Styling is great. A/C is average.

Horespower! Handling, looks, fuel economy

Quiet cabin, roomy front and even for tall rear passengers, awd with vdc that kicks in at the right time and the nice silver spark metallic paint

AWD, stick shift, tail lights, roof rack, comfortable seats, red gauge lights, stereo is pretty good (better with CD's than radio), clutch is very smooth, back seats have good room, lots of storage space, window frames cut out exterior sound, overall a very solid and well built ride from what I see.

Just about everything. 

0-60 in 4.5 seconds, spooling of the turbo, hatchback functionality, great interior, family friendly, beautiful 5 spoke wheel

Speed, cornering! Great gas mileage for response one gets from this fun car!

Excellent power from turbo four cylinder engine. Lots of good features from Premium package. Subaru's Hill Assist is a very thoughtful feature. Should be excellent car in winter.

Low end torque and power. Very practical leg room in back. Best car I've ever driven for 'on ramping' :>) 5 stars for safety. Low leasing cost. Low cost of maintenance (if it's similar to my Legacy).

AWD, 6 disc changer, iPod jack, leather steering and shifter.

The wide body look, fender flares look awesome. Hatchback utility. Smooth suspension. Interior materials are Major upgrades over previous STIs. 20 MPG avg. is pretty good for a 300HP, AWD car. Sound of boxer engine and exhaust seems more aggressive and sweeter sounding than my old 05 STI.

Turbo power + AWD + hatch utility = great all around car.

That engine is awesome... AWD, VDC, the thing is loaded.

