Decent power, ergonomics are spot on, handles curves better than it has a right to. 

Air Conditioning does the job in the closed regular cab-I feel real protected from the heat. The seats are simple grey leather imitation. Seats do not get hot and are roomy enough and solid-does the job like the rest. Close your eyes and you will not know if you are in an SUV or Lexus!

Truck is made in America, Fit & finish as well as quality is great!

Rock solid reliable,this truck has been built so long they have worked all the bugs out.

The bed of course.

Gas mileage, great handling, engine power, interior/exterior looks great

style, build quality, excellent price for the quality, made in America!

 Looks, solid build, reliability.

Diverse range of options. Actually looks like a truck. Loads of power, and my FX4 is a true off-roader!

Seats are comfortable, but interior lacks space for storage. Antilock brakes, but never had to use them. KREX supplemental warranty on the engine with free roadside assistance.

4.10 gears, super low gear reduction in 4 low. All the torque you'll ever need in a 1/4 ton. Rancho suspenion to start with. Easy to drive and the confident feel you get from a full size truck 

Quality, seats, radio, cruise control, and solid feel.

A/C does and excellent job here in FL. I have back trouble, and the upright seating makes this the most conforable car for me to drive that I own.

Nice paint.

Looks like an American-made truck. Very smooth 5-speed with 4:10 rear end. 

Sirius radio, air conditioning, excellent gas mileage, steady handling

MP3 audio jack, chrome wheels, chrome trim, and carpet on the XLT

2.3 fuel efficient engine, solid build, aux input on radio - excellent sound. Highly maneuverable in standard cab form. Nice shifting 5 speed manual. Nice seats, tachometer standard. 

Sirius radio, way cool. I do have power windows, keyless entry, wipers that wipe once with one push of button. Tire pressure monitor is cool also. ABS brakes also very nice. 

Zippy 4.0 L V6. Smooth ride. Plenty of leg room in the cab.

The extra accessory socket, seats, tilt steering, radio, decent A/C.

Automatic transmission, Sirius radio, storage compartment between seats. I have purchased several new vehicles in my life and I finally feel like I found one that was actually built with pride.

5 speed manual transmission with 1.9L/4 cyl. Great mileage. I have owned 3 Rangers, and had nearly 300,000 miles between them, and had only to replace a single serpentine belt. The Ranger is the ultimate in practicality, as far as vehicles go. It is the ultimate in practicality

Reliability and fuel economy. Fun to drive, too. 2.3L is a great little engine. I get 30 MPG at 75 MPH with A/C on.

The truck get looks. I like the gas mileage and it is fun to drive. I heard Ford may discontinue the Ranger and I believe it would be a mistake. 

One of the features I like most about this little truck is it`s brawny stature. I love the leather seats and the special center console with the subwoofer inside. In addition, servicing this vehicle has been a breeze. Everything is easily accessable.

I like the body style and the size of the truck for my needs.

Gas mileage. Avg 23 MPG on about 60% highway driving through 6000 miles. A/C will erode that a little this summer, though. Comfort of seats is better than power and leather of old Lariat on highway trips! Handling is exceptional, except for the ol' Ranger rear end hop on bad bumps!

Limited slip gears, 4.0, easy to reach interior, cup holders, exceptional stereo,

Looks, fit and finish, nice interior design and looks. Comfortable ride.

Interior design. The seats are firm but comfortable. The ride is as expected.

Passing up gas stations!

Outside mirrors are larger on the 2008 model which helps eliminate blind spots. The 6 c.d. and Sirius radio option is a must also. I'm sorry to read that this may be the last year for the Ranger. That's why I got a new one, just in case Ford stops making them.

Nice 6 disc stereo with MP3 sap and set up for satellite radio, AC will freeze you out, (good thing) Seats are comfortable, ride is a little rough because of the 4X4 suspension.

Surprisingly quiet comfortable ride. 

Wheels and tires.

4-wheel drive, interior, wheels and tires, engine.

