DVD entertainment system and radio nice. Comfortable ride

back up camera, hard drive with usb-photos, all the outlet plugs & 115 v, great ride, smooth & easy to handle, love the stow & Go & all the storage & cargo area, never have to carry or remove a seat ever again. I owned the 98 caravan & bought the '08 because of realiability & versatile capability

Stow & Go. Split folding rear seats. Cargo space in back.

Sturdy feeling vehicle, loaded with conveniences, Absolutely love the MyGig System, and the interior lighting is terrific! I'd like to say it was worth the money, but this sucker tailspun by about 9 grand the second I signed the papers for it, and I got it for a good price new..according to Edmunds



# of cup sites. Large amount of storage space. Remote door and window opening.

STOW 'N GO! These seats trump everything. The ONLY reason I went Dodge. Remote start Power doors & liftgate Super-duper radio/Sirius/Nav/UConnect/ 500-watt subwoofer Between-seat console very convenient (hope the plastic holds up!)

It has a comfortable ride and is a versatile minivan. It will give it to chrysler for improving the exterior design of the van.

stow n go; body styling; fuel economy

Stow n go. In floor storage, w/ seats up. Power doors (opening). Power, stability, amount of cup holders, one-touch up driver side window. Siding doors have power windows that go down. Roof Rack a must. Like the radio controls on backside of steering wheel. 

Stow n go seats, adjustable pedals, roll down second windows, auto-dimming rear view mirror, back-up camera and warning sensors, u-connect 

Versatility, when it's not at the dealership being repaired. 

Stow and Go. And they are easy to stow and then re-set. At an advanced age, that is important. 

Back camera! MyGig, side windows roll down, heated seats in 2nd row on cold days, storage, storage, storage! Our interior is same as Volkswagon's newest, pricier SUV! No one can believe what we paid for all the bells/whistles! Side/curtain air bags! Safety features! Great warranty/service.

My kids loved the entertainment pkg for the first two weeks till the powertrain blew and we have no vehicle now.

sto n go, back windows roll down, space. lighting around overhead cons. power of engine. extra glove compartment.

Stow'n'Go , Windows on sliding door rolls down,lots of cup holders(at least 13) , stain resistent seats.

Stow n Go, lifetime powertrain warrenty

Stow and go, duel climate control, rear climate control, room and price.



TV when working. Vehicle when working.

6 speed trans, stow-and-go seating, storage configurations

Quality feel of interior finish and controls. Defrost in our Canadian winters works great. The gear shift over-ride on my 4-speed is excellent for passing and entering freeways. Two quick pulls to the left and second gear is good for 115 kph (72 mph) without straining the engine.



Looks, drive line tight

1) stow and go seats 2) DVD entertainment system 3) night lighting on ceiling 4) inside room 5) rear view camera 6) Optional satellite TV for cartoon channels

As far as features, it's a really nice vehicle. We love the sliding doors (when functional). The folding 3rd row seats are cool. We have the swivel seats so that leave a ton of storage under the floor. The DVD system is awsome, love the 2 screens, plus the one in the dash. It's got a lot of pep.

Storage everywhere, side windows that go down for more air for the back passengers.

I am 6'5" and this is by far the best car for me - a lot of room for us that are a bit taller

When it's working, I like that there are two DVD screens.

Not sure, haven't had a van that functions properly long enough to find out. I loved our old Grand Caravan

The mygig is cool. The rear camera is cool at first, but after seeing GM's rear camera and its clarity and color, you'll see Chrysler's is not as nice. Stow and go, priceless!

Stow and go. Lots of storage under floor. And my rascal mobile cart fits just fine.

Stow-n-Go, power liftgate, 6-speed transmission, Sirius radio, LED lighting, YES fabric, 5- start safety rating, great look to the instrument cluster at night!

It's a very comfortable ride when it's not in the shop for repairs!

Night lighting is very cool. Stereo is simple to use, great steering wheel controls. I love the pressure monitors. Stow and go seats. Power outlet. Dual glove compartment.

Not sure at this point

none

interior and lighting is great

Mygig dual DVDs great quality.I have 40,000 miles on it and nothing but fun has been shared with my van.

Easy maintenance, comfort, I really like all the safety features.

Nice solid ride and handling. Handles well in snow / ice conditions. Great kid car. Safety features are the best available. Good value for your buck.

The favorite feature is the clear cargo space when seats are folded under the floor. 

VES system, swivel an go seats make getting kids in and out simple.



Mygig, Uconnect, Center Console, 6 speed transmission, Power doors, Dual DVD players and Screens. Comfort of the swivel n go seats (we never swivel them, but they are far more comfortable than the stow n go seats, and they recline). Responsive cruise control. Steering wheel mounted radio controls





Stow n' Go

My gig, Stow n Go.

The MyGig Entertainment System which allows you to download up to 2,100 songs and acts like a jukebox is awesome! You can even download pictures for screensavers. The family group center console, along with the other storage areas, offers a vast array of places to store your "stuff." 

Power seats, Side door windows roll down, no noise when you drop the windows like it will blow your ears off. Stow N Go, Sport mode, more cup holders, privacy glass, view of the road in front of you. Comfort level.

I love the stow compartments in front of the middle row seats - they hold a lot. Also love Sirius radio and backseat tv (really keeps the kids (8- 14-15) quite during those short and long trips). Seats are very comfortable. Sliding door windows that come down. 

Overall look and fell, you really feel like you got more for your money.

MyGIG, Table, rear camera, a lot of space

Power sliding doors! LOVE THEM!

1) Frontward visibility. 2) Navigation system.

MYGIG, Navigation, Sirius backseat tv, swivel & gp seating, backup camera, dual screens.

The dual DVD's. The 4.0 engine should be standard. The ride/ storage. 

A lot of space inside and stow and go is really good.



Comfort, handling, power sliders and tail gate.

Without a doubt the stow-and-go seats. Plenty of storage and easy to operate.

The 4.0 liter engine makes the van very responsive for what it is. The storage space. The power doors. MyGIG (the best accessory ever) Second row power windows that roll down

Entertainment system, body style, back-up camera, swivel seats and back fold and go 

My gig with dual tv, though push the wrong button and it may take a few minutes to figure out what you did to get the picture back. Also love the 4.0 engine. More cupholders (and storage bins) than a movie theater.

Smooth ride, quiet interior on highway, around town, good handling and ride.

Having the DVD players and the headphones have been great. The 4.0 is really a good engine for this vehicle. Much better than the 3.8 on our last van. 

heated seats

4.0L engine and 6-speed transmission. Dual screens with seperate sources. Sirius backseat TV is a super value. Window shades in both rows. A place for everything. Overall build quality is excellent. Interior lighting is all LED. Bluetooth/Hard Drive/Navigation. Stowe-N-Go seating. Manu-matic doors

Seat heaters, backup camera

mygig option, 25L package, newly designed transmission, turning radius, power sliding doors, power liftgate, fog lights, cup holders, premium sound system, dual dvd screens, heated seats,stow/go seats,spillproof cloth seats,dual glove boxes, automatic locking doors 

More ergonomic interiors. Less wind noise than in the previous model.

Navigation and entertainment system. Smoother and quieter power sliding doors. Interior lighting, Bluetooth, running boards (at first I didn't want them but they were already installed on the car I wanted and they make the van look a lot sportier - and make it easier for the kids to get in the car)

Backup camera, bluetooth calling and radio CD player.

Kids watch TV and don't fight

Heated seats, adjustable pedals, Sirius radio, 3.8 engine, auto headlights, hands free communication.

The handling and the ride. That's what its all about.

Ability to play 2 DVD's simulataneously and listen to the radio. Ability to purchase the entertainment system without purchasing all the options you don;t want. Backup camera.

The seats and how they move

Standard lifetime powertrain warranty, Entertainment features/options, great looks, comfort, swivel and go, power doors and lift gate, DVDs, etc. No minivan stigma. Rearview camera.

Redesigned look, 255hp V-6, rear DVD system.

Shape and reliability from a Dodge

