The high horsepower engine is amazing, blue tooth and hard drive are great. Mark Levinson sound system is truly unbelievable. 19 speakers! Remote controlled window and sunroof opening is great too. 

Love driving it on the highway. Very smooooooth. Love the interior comfort & am content with the outside styling.

Excellent sound system when the wind noise doesn't overpower it.

Retracting mirrors when the car is locked.

Soft close doors, Marc Levinson, HDD that rips CDs, rear seat recline, leather headliner, chrome trim, parking guidance, rich leather and wood trim, and adjustable air suspension package. 

Interior, smooth acceleration, Mark Levinson audio, navigation, styling.

Mark Levinson sound is number one followed by all the other gadgets.

Everything is well thought out for driver comfort, but especially the rear view camera, parking hold, navigation system, vented seats and Lexus Link. The sunroof wind deflector protrudes just a little too far and causes wind roar. If it is lowered one eight inch, with your finger, it is much quieter.

Quiet cabin, smooth ride, powerful engine, convenient features that work very well like Bluetooth, ML, nav, etc. 

Bluetooth, parking sensors, Mark Levinson sound system, cooled seats

Power trunk close, bluetooth, backup camera, with nav

The best feature is the to me is Mark Levinson stereo, best sound I've heard in a vehicle. In addition the parking sensors are a great idea.

Blue tooth phone, navigation, rear camera, retractable mirrors, parking sensors and Levinson sound are all excellent. Upgraded front and rear seats are all adjustable, with memory settings and separate heat and cooling functions. All seat functions work well. Most controls are intuitive.

Pre-collision system and dynamic radar Cruise control, air suspension, 6 speed automatic transmission, Mark Levinson music system/navigation system, executive package 

Levinson sound system. I seldom in the past have even bothered to listen to sound. But this one is so unusually excellent and crisp, I love it.

Mark Levinson is utterly brilliant in this vehicle, large screen for nav unit, power trunk, rear sunshade, parking sensors great for tight garage parking, backup camera and bluetooth sound quality is top notch. 

My favorite has to be the 8-speed transmission, hence the good gas performance. In addition, the many safety-and-convenience features -- back-up camera, auto door closure, park-assist warning signal, push-button start -- are so helpful. 

Nav/ML radio sound system, back-up camera & multiple adjustment seats.

Great ride, very comfortable, plush cockpit. In my opinion the best looking and most comfortable large car on the road.

Keyless entry and start. Bluetooth telephone connection. Ability to play my iPod through the stereo system using the aux jack. Like the automatic trunk opening/closing.

My favorite features (I am still learning and reading the huge manual) are the style, the workmanship and the engine.

Sound system. No matter the type of music, all pieces of orchestra/instruments/ are brought out. Hard drive is nice to not have to carry CDs

Comfortable ride and intelligent cockpit, Levinson sound system, style, and overall quality

The hard drive on the sound system. No longer need to hunt for my favorite songs. I just download the ones I want.

I have more than one favorite feature, but if I had to pick just one it would be the backup camera. 

Interior design, impeccable handling, quality of workmanship.

Seriously fast car. Gets almost 30 mpg on the highway when you throw it in 8th gear. The amount of leg room in the back seat is amazing My girlfriend has back problems and loves the plush leather seats (she hated the Benz). Gigantic trunk. I swear the car floats when you drive it. Incredible.

Smart key, Bluetooth technology, automatic parking brake mode, heated seats & steering wheel, Mark Levinson sound system, and the intuitive parking assist.

Audio and navigation system

I have everything except the Advanced Parking. I know how to park so I couldn't justify the additional expense. The stereo system is a major upgrade from my 430. The nav system is also improved but I've had to read the manual so I know the commands and how to pronounce them. Incredible ride!!

Navigation system is easy to use. The parking sensors are excellent. Levinson sound system is tops.

Mark Levinson/ navigation. Interior design/comfort. Electronic park brake/ brake hold. Power trunk and door closer.

Smart key, nav system, wonderful Mark Levinson surround sound system! Perfect paint job! Silky smooth V8 and 8 speed tranny! Reliability is supposed to be bullet proof compared to european models. Great dealer service!

It is comfortable. Extremely quiet. Voice command looks promising. Comfortable rear seats. Glove box lid feels cheap. Who needs ash trays anymore? Doors close very nicely. Back up camera was almost useless in the rain we had to drive through. Got fogged up badly.

The Levenson audio system is fantastic. The quiet, comfortable interior is well designed and good looking.

Extreme quiet, power, vision, brakes, intelligence, satellite radio, fit and finish.

