Performance, can hang with any car. Speed, Acceleration, Handling, etc.

Engine. Suspension. Value.

I love the Handling, performance, Sky roof panels, Navi, bluetooth, engine is a beast and quiet, driver visibility, extra room for passengers and behind 3rd row, power lifegate and side doors. We also love the Bose audio, Dvd and multiplay modes for kids to be kids.

Tinted glass on base model.

Engine and transmission are smooth and powerful, braking is efficient, handling is precise even under heavy rain, interior is comfortable

Auto sliding doors and back hatch! Back up sensors! Convenient iPod input and digital display on dash. Sexy styling of the exterior and very roomy interior.

Outside styling, always gets looks and comments. Skyview, dual dvd, room to haul, flat fold seats, 2008 seats are better than earlier versions.

Skyview in the back, dual DVD screen. The upgraded Bose system sounds just OK but I know that Bose does not make good sound system like some people might think (cause I am an audiophile) or if compared with other sound systems. The Boston Acoustic sound system in my Chrysler 300C sounds much better.

the way it drives, room, interior/exterior design, flat folding seats

Lots of room, cargo space for double stroller & groceries w/ room to spare, being able to move the seats in position for the kids & car seats. The sun-roof for all passengers, kids think love the DVD systems for movies & games. I love the automatic doors, helpful for moms w/ their hands full.

Dual DVDs, power lift gate, wide seats, skyviews, bluetooth, and flight-like overhead console (makes you feel like you are flying a jet).

Automatic sliding door and hatch. Third row storage.

Everything

Smooth V6 engine, plenty of power. Interior room. Fold flat seats. Cornering lights! Exterior styling. 

3.5 V-6 Engine/5 spd.transmission- smooth as silk and very responsive. Seating surfaces and styling are high end. Dual DVDs and Bose stereo make long travel pleasurable with 4 kids. Navigation system and center controls are easy to use and see. 5 moonroofs eliminate claustrophobia. Its a Nissan!

Roomy, roomy, roomy... did I say roomy! We can all pile in still have room for a tent sleeping bags and a cooler.

Amount of room, lots of legroom for 2nd and 3rd row seats, decent gas mileage, lots of power!!!

Powerful engine, nimble manuevering, love, love, love that you don't have to remove seats to make the interior flat, plenty of room, table between front seats, lots of little storage areas and cup holders, exterior styling is sportier than the competition.



My favorite feature on the van is the electric door and liftgate, the tray between the front seats, that big luggage hole in the rear, the sound system and the dual air. Actually I love the whole thing.

power side sliding doors and power tilt door, the adjustable seats, chrome accents.

We love the dual screen DVD player, that when folded down do not interrupt the rear view mirror, the XM radio is great, captains chair offer great comfort, and everyone loves the SkyView glass-paneled roof.

Power liftgate, dual power sliding doors, rearview monitor, fold flat captain chairs, spacious interior/cargo area.

With 4 kids, the automatic sliding door is wonderful - no more pinched fingers! The DVD system keeps them entertained, and the deep well in the trunk increase my capacity to carry more groceries, laundry, kids stuff and more!

My favorite feature is the controls on the steering wheel. It makes it so easy to adjust the radio especially. I also really like the hands-free phone system.

Skylights for 2nd and 3rd rows, smooth and quiet ride, overall exterior styling - including chrome roof rack and chrome door handles, rearview camera, nav system, and of course - factory hitch

