Comfortable, VERY cold A/C (important in Florida), great mileage, and for some unknown reason Love Bugs do not stick to the paint, they wash right off! Go figure.

Looks! Like the style, love the spacious interior and trunk. Lots of standard features for a base model!

Steering Wheel radio controls. trip computer. ENORMOUS leg room in the front - I'm 6' and cannot reach the floorboard behind the pedals. Third headrest in rear and rear armrest.

Wheel base, acceleration and gas mileage.

Quality Infinity sound system,Too good an A/c cooling system,simple & apt electronic display,very spacious passenger cabin,sharp classy looks,remote steering.

Space and gas mileage

Tiptronic Auto-manual, HEATED SEATS, 1- click open sunroof, 6-disc changer, heated mirrors, dual chrome exhaust. 4- wheel ABS, 10 airbags (including side- curtain above windows), and standard electronic stability control save a TON on insurance. 5-star safety rating. Overall a nice car!!!

the stereo

Heated seats, rear window shade, trunk space, leg room for passengers, iPod/MP3 player jack, brakes.

The fact that I can plug my iPhone and mp3 playing in to the car. The a/c is very cold and the heater is awesome as well. The auto headlights are great for me as well.

Tight shocks and cold AC good sound system

Interior design, and feel. Luxury for price. Similar in appearance to high end vehicles. All comments mentioned by others. 

Auto temp control, audio controls on the steering wheel, low road and engine noise. Not sure if I will like the tire pressure monitoring system. We'll see if there are any problems when I put on a new set of tires.



Though the car has electric locks, the other doors do not automatically unlock when I open the driver or passenger door with the key. It is so quite inside that I can't hear the engine running and sometimes stall the car (M/T). Wish seatbelt shoulder point went higher.



The 5 star safety crash testing. The six airbags including side airbags. The 100K mile warranty and the free oil changes for 80K miles. The great gas mileage.

The whole lay out of the app. Pkg. Dash.

Interior front seat controls and leather.

Radio controls on stereo, remote trunk release. Control layout.

Price, safety (5 star), GAS mileage, auto climate controls, 5 speed Sportmatic transmission, audio controls on steering wheel, auto head lights, smooth ride, all around solid car. No trouble as of yet. Oh, and free oil changes for the first 2 years from my dealer. :-)

Looks very nice



The power of the 2.4L 4-cylinder engine. The smoothness of the 5-speed manual transmission. The base-model sound system is actually quite good. The trunk is also nice and roomy. 

5 star crash ratings all around that beats Accord (3 stars in rear for them) important when you have kids! Roomy interior, smooth effortless driving. Rear sun shade helps keep car cooler. Manual stick-shift style option on the ATF for better control; Power adjustable pedals are also nice.

Ipod aux input

Lots of room. Quiet ride and great cluster panel. Son says rides more like a luxury car. 



mileage and ride

The interior set up with the cluster is great.The stereo controls are on the wheel.The day/night sensor system will automatically turn on the instruments and exterior driving lights (when you go into a tunnel, etc.)A tire pressure monitor system is new. Good leg room. Ipod Aux. feature. Lots of safety

Dash-cornering-snappy engine-smooth shifting-good looks

Outstanding build quality. Tight panel seams. Interior execution and detail is better than Toyota. 5 speed auto with sportmatic is fun and engaging. AX appearance package with 17" wheels a value. More headroom and bigger backseat than Camry at a price far less than a 09 corolla!

Look of the car, comfy seats, airbags.

Controls on the steering wheel. The dash layout. Ease of handling

Interior layout

Plenty of power, interior and exterior fit and finish, lots of standard features included, great warranty, and 24 hour road assistance, fun to drive.

The color, the 17inch wheels,and the total interior.and the very roomy trunk 

The dealership gave me a great deal. The car looks expensive, lots of safety features and a perfect 5 star rating, gas mileage is okay-about 25 mpg average, good warranty (as long as the dealership honors it), low price, spirited performance, quiet interior, quality stereo, and a roomy trunk. 

Dash layout Engine is smooth Solid build Wheel to road feel is spot on. Plenty of interior space



Audio controls on steering, excellent A/C, and smooth ride. I also am surprised at how much I enjoy the "zig- zag" shift style. I thought it was weird at first, but you never make the mistake of trying to drive in neutral (not that I do that...).

All the air bags are my favorite feature. These are all standard with this car. 

Price/fuel economy

Comfort of Seats, Controls, Performance for a 4 cycle is great!

The car looks sharp and is roomy.

I like the controls to the radio on the steering wheel. I like how easy it is use the a/c controls.

