I think the car is cute and its pretty good on gas..... WHEN I CAN DRIVE IT





Gas mileage, low payments, low insurance premiums, head and side curtain air-bags standard, manueverability, ease of access, very comforatble seats, 14 inch tires that don't cost a fortune to replace. Did mention 35 miles to a gallon on regular? What else really matters today? Get real.

I really don't have any

Power package is a must. 

4 doors, not a hatchback, nice radio for the price, roomy for an adult male.

High gas mileage, big trunk, fun to drive, comfortable, it looks sporty with the spoiler on the trunk

Runs and runs on little gas and bigger inside than it looks from the outside. Super easy to park too. 

Audio line-in, space, gas mileage, interior.



Sports package Quite

MPG, Instrument panel, comfort, roominess, fun to drive, handling, 

The overall combination of price, space, performance, safety, and economy are hard to beat! We'll see about reliability, mine's only two months old.

audio input port , and dash display

I like the fact that the car is so small, and very easy to pilot. 

Roomy interior, well made, gas sipping not guzzling, comfortable, 5/4 star crash rating, I got the power package option.

GAS MILEAGE!!! Also, the seats are comfortable, even for a 6' 4" guy like me. I have plenty of leg and head room.

I love the design. I went for a SX model with full optional and I think made the difference. The 18" alloy tire, the interiors, the power windows, fog lights, the tire pressure system, the heated mirrors, etc. are all optionals worthy the $1,200 price tag. However the gas mileage is the main feature

Sunset Orange! Style is sweet. Passes gas (Stations). Fuel economy, fuel economy, fuel economy! Did I mention Fuel economy enough?

sporty styling and lots of interior space

Body design and the interior, looks sporty and not cheap.

Gas mileage++++ Handling++++ Comfort++ Reliabity++++ Roominess+++ style+++ Price++++

Handles well in traffic.

Sporty interior, fog lamps make look sportier, gas mileage, price, large trunk space, price, power package, great stereo, price!

the good gas millage, zips in and out of traffic, has good get up and go for such a small engine. i have driven it 90 mph and it was smooth.

The manual transmission. It's a lot of fun to wind up and let loose, or ease from gear to gear on a winding country road for that weekend drive.

Automatic tranny shifts crisply. excellent 6 speaker stereo, solid feel on road. gas mileage

No power steering = better feel for the road and no power steering to wear out! Tons of room around the engine looks very easy to work on.

It's minimalist, simplistic style. No fluff, no gee-whiz features, no built in GPS. It's just a car. I love the price, the value, and the warranty.

Regular gasoline, except other countries are breaking America one gallon at a time.

I don't think there are any favorite features. It comes with so little.

