the leather seats, the heated seats, the ice freezing ac. the space it provides, the output of the radio, the comfort, trunk capacity, handling, most of all the power and speed it delivers, the brakes and everything that comes with it

everything is to hand even you are driving

Smooth ride, cruise control, luxury feel, sound system 

Leathertte seats, blue and red interior lights, heated seats, sunroof, tons of trunk room, turn signals on the side mirrors, and I love the stereo system! It is so loud I have yet have it turned all the way up! The Turbo is a lovely touch as well. ;)

Interior, tiptronic tranny, alloys, creature comforts

day time lights and the abs brakes 

Interior design is superb. The car is just fun to drive. The trunk is wonderful for a car this small. Acceleration and handling are excellent. Gas mileage has been great. I have averaged 29 mpg combined city/highway. 

sun roof , 6disc , 5 setting adjustable heated seats , large trunk

Interior is very modern and cool. Heated seats are great in the winter (surprised how much I liked it). Handles great. Nice looking car.

The Wolfsburg Edition presents a tremendous value. It gets great MPG, the DSG Automatic and especially the sport mode performance combined with the 2.0 Turbo is fantastic! I also like the Wolfsburg Wheels and Spoiler. I am a fan of the leatherette seats which look and feel good. Great European feel.

Handling, trunk size, looks.

ipod adapter, refined looks, very quiet, comfortable seats/seating position

Performance, one touch windows and sunroof, solid feel, quiet ride. 

Sound system, fun to drive, sport mode transmission, powerful engine

Turbo engine and DSG transmission - so fast and smooth

Heated seats & mirrors, Sirius, Sun roof

Ipod adapter that operates using stereo controls, 10 speaker stereo, handling, trunk space, comfortable seating. I'm 6 ft. 3 in tall and I fit just fine and thats with a sunroof! Five cyl. engine has a throaty euro sound that I like. We got the 6 spd auto but the 5 spd is more fun. 

Ipod adapter, seat warmers, sweet purple and red inside lighting at night! Comfortable ride, Sirius radio, Great sound system for stock! 

crash safety, heated seats, love the blue/purple dash lights, turn signal on side mirrors

Roominess (I am 6'5" tall), interior design, build quality, great ride and handling, many options in the base model, absolutely great value!!!

iPod adapter is great. Don't car for the location. Standard radio could be better, so upgrade that and add Sirius like I did. Well worth it.

The iPod adapter, blue lights, sirius radio, fun to drive

Wolfsburg Edition is always cool. Great engine. Nice stereo. Nice value.

Sound system, trunk size - huge!!!

Sound system on the SE and up is decent and should easily please the average listener and perhaps the above average as well. Being able to have the windshield's wipers stop in the up position when the car off is nice too, especially in the winter. Seats are very comfortable. 2L turbo engine.

I love the iPod adapter. However, I don't understand why it is in the glove box. It would be much better somewhere on the dash or console. And also the optional 17" wheels, highly recommended to make your car an eye catcher.

Extremely fun car to drive, especially the manual.

The iPod adapter. I can control my iPod from the cd screen and the interior lighting.

Ambient lighting, footwell lighting, responsive engine, smooth shifting manual transmission

6 disc CD changer, heated mirrors/seats, sunroof, cool gauges, huge trunk, leather, German look and feel (car hugs the road and has great exhaust note), also a lot of similar components that are used in VW's sister brand, Audi. The tiptronic is also great. Also one touch up and down windows. 

Triptonic shifting with manual and sport shifting option. The heated seats are great for winter!

Interior build quality. Pretty good stereo. So far, between 29-31 MPG. Car seems to be solid.

Tiptronic transmission, heated leather seats, fit and finish, stereo

Fun to drive quotient is definitely way up there. I volunteer to run errands just to drive this car.

Stereo, night time illumination.

The interior is amazing. I love the seat warmers. I love that the dash lights up purple. I love the sunroof. I love that four adults can fit comfortably in it. I love this car!

Safety, and clever add on features. Ipod plug and play, rolling up windows with the key, great stereo, nice air flow/temp in car, nice lighing at night, good headlights, powerful engine and smooth shifting, slows down very well ... and lots more!

Lighting of the dashboard and gauges at night is BEAUTIFUL. Two red lights shining down on gear selector are really classy. Side bolsters on seat. HUGE trunk with storage compartments, bag hooks, extra 12V outlet. Trunks pop ALL the way open via keypress. Hydraulic hood opening. Leatherette seats.

Ambient console lighting, safety features, huge trunk, powerful 5 cylinder engine, blue and red gauges.

The sport mode, comfort and style of interior.

Great handling, good futures for the money.

Heated seats and the moonroof.

Leather interior. (YES!!) Heated seats in winter! Stylish and comfortable seats that hug you. 

heated seats (option), side mirror blinkers, exterior front chrome grill, flip key.

MID, 3 months of sat.

I love the heated seats and sunroof. And the 6 disk CD changer in the dash is pretty sweet too! 

Road handling, turns on a dime, I feel safe for the first time in a long time. Interior leather/vinyl seats hug you. Loved the lighted panel in the dark. Good cargo space in rear. It's fun to drive! Mileage is average to good. Has a sunroof/moonroof which is cool. 

Heated seats, 5 spd quick throw, 170 hp, standard MP3 connector, all the safety features, huge trunk.

Premium sound, interior design (very cool ambient red l.e.d's light the front of the cabin when the lights are on), the seats are amazingly comfortable.

Moon roof is sweet! I like having the 6 disc changer in the dash along with the MP3 hook-up. Having gone from manual windows to electric - what a nice change! I really loved that '00 but this '08 will prove itself and then some.

Classy yet inexpensive.

All the bells and whistles! MP3 connector, satellite radio, leatherette interior, 6 disc cd/mp3 changer, moonroof, 10 speakers, 4 wheel disc breaks w/abs, rear seat AC vents, and the list goes on! This car is amazingly loaded for this price point!

Interior/dash lighting. The car is very fun to drive and responsive - not at all like my Porsche, but still pretty good. Is quiet, and there is enough room in the back for full sized 6' adults. Front seats fit amazingly well, although I am pretty lean in build.

All of them. intermittent wipers slow down at stoplight, turn signals take just a slight touch to works. cruise is easy to access and work. Sport setting on 6 speed auto is fun to drive. console top slides forward to use as armrest. insnow dash indictor shows when wheels sliding. gas mileage

peppy engine, many speakers, trunk size roomy cabin

The Direct Shift Gearbox (DSG) transmission is amazing! It is a twin- clutch transmission that changes gears faster than any other geared transmission and it can be shifted either manually or automatically. It even has a Sport mode that revs longer before switching gears. The DSG + the Turbo + FUN!!

Agree with other reviewers about the solid quiet engine and DSG combination which is the soul of the car. Fantastic responsive and powerful brakes and suspension. Silky smooth transmission. Sweet engine growl, very quiet when driving normally. 10,000 mile oil change intervals. 17" rims and spoiler.

2.0T engine, 6-speed manual tranny, performance, stellar fit/finish and materials quality

The performance is great, but forget the fuel economy when you stomp on the gas. Premium sound package is excellent. Firm leatherette seats, love em' along with the 5 stage seat heaters. No blind spots, small=great in traffic.

Ambient overhead lighting.

The extremely large trunk! I also love the heated exterior windows. But there really isn't one thing that I love more than the other. If you are a college student it's incredibly affordable and has a great residual value that is very attractive.

The 6 disk cd changer.

Looks nice inside and out. Has great pick up!

Fit and finish, handling and acceleration, interior layout and room (nice headroom! I've got a long torso and can fit even with the sunroof - couldn't fit in the Camry or Accord with a sunroof)

 Lots of em.......heated seats, heated washer fluid. And that neat little cargo area they made behind the right wheel well....that's perfect for a gallon of milk. Don't need a locking gas cap! And if my salesman was right, second in resale only to Mercedes.....wow.

Power from 2.5, manual transmission, interior feel and design, handling

Interior! Red/blue gauges, red ambient lights, smooth quiet ride, heated seats, all windows auto up/down, and more. Thoughtful safety features. HUGE trunk. The car handles amazingly well for a sedan, and it's pretty fun to drive, especially considering my last car was an S2000.

race like engine

Engine, transmission, GAS MILEAGE. I generally hate heated seats but these ones heat almost your entire back which is nice. 

DSG. I love the DSG. It is a stellar transmission that is superior to anything on the market. I highly recommend that VW purchasers-to-be spring for the DSG over the manual, you will be blown away! I just wish the Wolf had paddles on the wheel, and an MFD for that matter. I love the overall fit



The engine, solid build quality, smooth and confident steering and handling, intuitive controls, upscale look and feel inside and out.

DGS, turbo engine and all the safety features only VW can offer in this class.

Huge trunk, turbo, 6-speed manual transmission, quality of interior materials, GREAT fuel economy when driven slowly, classy looks, amazing sound system, standard 17" wheels, heated seats.

The look, the responsiveness and the agility.

Solid build quality, huge trunk, good pickup, smooth quiet ride, excellent interior quality, good new car tires. Four year bumper to bumper warranty

Large trunk, interior layout, fit and finish.

Feels solid with extras in the basic model which makes it feel like a more expensive car.

Hands down this car is about it's powertrain. The awesome 2.0T mated to the exceptional 6-spd DSG auto is the highlight of the car. Add the great handling and well-balanced chassis design, comfortable seats, power moonroof, and ergonomically designed interior. 

CD/MP3 player w/ Premium sound (the speakers ROCK!!!), overall build & quality, 17" low-profile wheels, blinkers on side view mirror

All Interior applications for SEL model. Like the trunk release.

The turbo engine, Sirius radio, heated leather seats, sunroof, the rims, the fold out cup holder in the back seat.

Leather wheel, shifter & e-brake, 17" wheels, ipod adapter jack in armrest, best bang for buck

Safety, Saftey, Safety.6 airbags standard,electronic stability program standard.Those are only a couple of reasons why it's been a top pick with the insurance institute for highway safety.The five cylinder engine has a perfect complement of power and fuel economy.And its low cost of ownership.Great job

The turbo. The tipronic transmission, the great handling. a lot of car for the money. Heated leather seats. Sunroof. 17 inch wheels, huge trunk.

The sunroof is great. It is like owning a convertible.

The entire package; tho the design is truly frumpy. The rear "wing" helps the design a bit.

Sound system, steering wheel feel at high speeds, safety of braking system and air bags, and the turn signal triple light up is great for changing lanes.

Fast, powerful, comfortable, sleek, moderate to good fuel economy...

Turbo, XM radio, sunroof

Instruments are fairly intuitive and easy to use. Daytime running lights are a nice feature. Love the sun/moon roof. Power is good for getting out of situations. Huge trunk.

Sirius radio, back seat vents, roomy interior, large trunk. 6 cd stereo system. side curtain airbags, heated front seats.

2.0 turbo, great looking body style, sun roof, and safety air bags. Roomy trunk.

Sirius radio, heated seats, heated mirrors, 5 cyl engine, the blue and red lights on the dash, the trunk is HUGE, looks like a much more expensive car, materials are top notch.

Ride, DSG. The many thoughtful standard features. Upscale interior. Comfortable seats, leatherette material feels nice and seems durable. Great performance with decent fuel economy (28 MPG in mostly highway driving). Beautiful wheels.

Wheels, Sat.Radio, Interior design

I think this car is great looking. The interior is way better than most especially at this price range. 

Tons of safety features, 6 disc cd, heated lumbar seats, new rim design, new darker taillights, folding front passenger seat, blue & red interior lights, the switchblade key, one touch turn signals, super quick car when in Sport mode! If you want a car with safety, value, and performance, buy a VW!

Heated seats, side curtain airbags, traction control, sirius sat radio, rear ac vents. Can't really think of anything else as the amount of equipment on a car in this price range is fabulous. An Accord would have been 5-6K MORE.

The engine and DSG. Stereo is very good considering the price range. Seats are supportive.

It's great to drive, handles like on rails. 3 mode transmission is sporty. The heated side-view mirrors work great and did I mention that stereo is awesome! I like the style, especially in a market that has very little. The fit and finish, and ride make it seem like a much more expensive car.

Powerful turbo engine, wheels, roominess, smooth and quiet ride, trunk, sound system, decent fuel economy, quality.

sound system, interior & exterior styling

Excellent 4cylinder power. Decent mpg. Good Handling. Built with quality materials.

High quality, fit and finish, handling, comfort, mpg, a lot of car for the money! paid 21,300 included rear spoiler, window tint, plus FULL tank of gas! 

State of the art 2.0T engine and DSG transmission. Firm, but not too firm, ride. Quality feel to the car.

1. Turbo power (industry award winner - Wards Auto Top Ten Engine of 2008) 2. Possibly world's best auto-manual transmission in the highly acclaimed DSG 3. Salsa Red paint 4. Standard content: satellite radio, 17" alloy wheels, leatherette seats, leather steering wheel, moonroof, heated seats, 2.0T 

Interior styling, engine, handling, etc etc

Seats are much improved. Bottom of seat comes out far behind backs of legs/knees. You feel like you're shoehorned into a racing seat. Handling is TIGHT! Feels like an Audi A4. Rear windows go down with a flick of the switch (my old Passat only had that feature on the front windows).

Style, finish and the gas mileage. What are all the low MPG complaints about? My Ford F-150 got 13MPG and I now at least double that with the Jetta! My wallet thanks you.

Good looking interior, huge trunk, seats feel good, love the tiptronic, 17 in. alloys look classy. 2.0 turbo makes this car fun and fast.

Leatherette interior, handling, acceleration, safety features , huge trunk, transmission , good lease deals.

leather seats, heated seats, sun roof, music system, elegant interior, exterior - rear portion, satellite radio

Interior except the radio which appears cheap, like an old GM or FORD. It is functional though.

Heated seats, Sirius radio, good power and handling

The Turbo 2.0 that comes in the Wolfsburg Edition and the New Passat's is the greatest engine ever built. I get 28.6 in town and over 33 MPG on the road. The handling and technology designed in the car is superb. It drives as well or better than any car I have ever owned. (25 Plus cars).

satellite radio, sunroof, ipod adapter, roomier then original jettas

smooth drive train, interior comfort, feel of controls - large trunk - mpg sound system

I like it all, 6 disc, leather, radio, trunk, comfort, rims, over all package is great value when not many good let alone great values out there

Sirius radio, sunroof & deflector, comfortable seats, classy exterior & interior, but sporty feel! Absolutely love the power & torque of 5 spd transmission!

Love the leatherette seats because they do not show wear like leather. 10-speaker stereo with Sirius, airbags everywhere, electronic stability (so missing on a civic), the trademark switchblade remote/key combo, the beautiful 17" carried-over wheels from last year's GTI

MPG so far is fantastic. Quality interior. Trunk is huge, sirius very nice. Car is very quick and fun to drive. 17's make the car look very sporty. 2.0 is the way to go. The Woflsburg is a great deal get one while you can. Very limited production run

Satellite radio included with car, premium sound system, blue and red lights in car, sun roof, leather seats, chrome front bumper, multi-functional computer w/ miles to empty feature, smooth drive!

Sirius satellite radio

Ipod adapter, quiet ride, peppy engine

6 cd/mp3/Sirius - heated leather - 6 spd manual/auto triptonic trans... Just a great gearbox.

Engine, firm ride.

DSG transmission, sunroof, abundant trunk space

Engine, interior leather seats, lots of safety standards, moonroof

Fun drive, the looks are fresh and sporty, fantastic handling, perfect commute car if it would not be a carnival inside.

Trunk is roomy and I like the CD/MP3 player.

sel package, safety features, road handling, 17 in wheels, leather and heated seats, automatic trans 10,000 mile oil changes.

2.0T engine is a screamer

