The turbo sounds great when you add a few mods to the motor. It is very responsive to mods. It is very fast and can hang with the best of them. The interior and build quality is top notch and does not appear to be cheap in any way. This car is a great deal for the price it costs to buy one.

Cool exterior styling, cool interior styling, engine prowess which is pure speed.

nimble; very responsive, in every way. All you have to do is THINK about where you want to go, and it happens, effortlessly. 

Power, braking and handling. Practicality, reliability and understated good looks. 

How it forces you back into the seat when you punch it! The dash lights, the head lights, automatic wipers are cool. The 6 speed. The 18 inch rims. The media input for my Zune to play through the speakers, that's cool. Controls on the steering wheel. I can go on and on, but there is not enough room.

Favorite features on my new MS3 include: 18" alloy wheels, scooped hood design, Xenon High Intensity Discharge headlights (Auto-Off), and modified rear spoiler. My favorite things include the soothing hum of the exhaust, uber-responsive steering/handling, and the endless amounts of acceleration!!

Suggested Improvements

The exhaust! Sounds amazing! had a couple people ask me if it has an after market exhaust because it sounds so good. 

Climate control is nice, the turbo engine is a blast. Steering wheel cruise and radio controls are perfect.

Feeling of dropping into 5th on the freeway and watching the speedometer climb! Interior design is great and very comfortable. Looks a lot more pricey than the actual price tag. 

*Gobs* of mid-range torque and power, road hugging suspension, comfortable leather/alacantre seats, 6cd changer, automatic wipers, LED lights, the fact that I can drive a powerful and well handling sports car every day. 

27.3 mpg honest overall mileage with only 3,000 miles on car. Performance is what I like best.

2008.5 has great interior, great engine, pretty good looks with a surprising amount of room inside. Really the best bang for the buck out there.

Power. Handling. Leather/alcantera seats. Large center console. Unassuming exterior. Leather wrap steering wheel. Room for 4. 18" wheels. 

The power is great as well its a 5 door so it can be a primary auto.

Turbo, dash, seats, radio controls on the steering wheel, and rims.

Power and handling, auto HID headlights. Rain-sensing wipers. Great fit and finish. Especially like the subdued leather interior. The six-disk MP3 changer is a plus, as well.

Auto HID headlights, rain-sensing wipers. THE MOTOR! Fit and finish. Great interior and room. Six-disk MP3 player. Handling and power. 

Warning light that tells me when tire pressure is low, big button that manages climate control based on temperature you set, MP3 input so you can plug your iPod or phone into the car stereo, BIG glove box that holds a lot

Engine, handling, very reasonable fuel mileage (23 average)

Turbo (big power), nicely tuned suspension.

The turbo-charged engine, silly! Accommodates a family of four, exhaust note, seats, 18-inch wheels, Solo Cup red paint, limited production. The exterior styling is not too much nor too little. Anyone who knows cars can tell that the MS3 is something special. I could go on.

Absolutely incredible roadholding grip with excellent steering response to go with the macho-torque on the stock summer Bridgestones at 50 degrees or warmer. To enjoy this year-round in the snow belt though, I had to get a second set of tires/wheels - 225/40 all season Potenzas on Enkeis. 

The auto A/C, headlights and wipers. The sound system, and the practicality. Oh, yeah -- the torque and handling!

Two toned seats, controls on the steering wheel, the dash, the cup holders, extra large glove box,the set up of all controls, the lighting in the dash, roominess in the back seat, cargo room for the size of the car.

Beat most of the cars on the street.

Engine, transmission, steering, brakes, styling, Bose sound system (note: the sound system had to fixed on all 2008 1/2 GT models -- make sure they've made the repair on the one you're buying or you'll have to take it in to get it replaced.

Everything!! What's not to like?

Seats, turbo, 6 disc mp3 player, ipod aux jack. Interior lights at night. 

Engine/performance. 6-speed manual transmission. Handling - extremely tight/responsive. Sporty styling. Still somewhat practical. 

 Speed, 6speed, handling, stereo. The turbo is very nice, you can keep the car under 3000 rpm and drive it nice or kick it over 3000 and let it rip. Very nice car to have as a daily driver. Can tear it up or drive nicely. 

Power, handling gas milage and seats. 

There are many: the ferocious boost under full-throttle acceleration, freeway passing power, lovely seats, nice interior, exhaust note, reasonable fuel economy, and stealth look. Also, how did I ever live without a hatch?

The 2.3L DISI turbo engine. Performance per dollar. 

Fun to drive, power for any driving occasion. The seating is excellent and the Bose stereo is better than expected. 

Aggressive look. Great exhaust tone. 

Power! Great overall package, I can't believe everything it has at this price point!!

Leather seats w/mesh inserts to reduce stickyness in summer, red-lit instruments w/ blue backlight, the power, halogen headlights w/height control.

Adj Xenons, the interior and exterior styling is amazing, the power, the steering, the stereo, the wagon functionality, red stitching, aluminum pedals, the seats, the glovebox is huge, it basically is the perfect car.

All the power, yeah baby!! The interior is nice, stereo is good enough for me, I'm sure the GT with the Bose is way better, but for the price my sport will have to do. Mazda seems to be a pretty reliable brand and no aftermarket parts needed to make this car a real fast baby.

