The large trunk and extra head room. It is comfortable for even a 6'2" 285# man. I had the windows tinted and a remote start added - totally love it.

The GPS

No key start, Sound system Cargo room All wheel drive 7 year warranty

Fun to drive, been reliable to far, simple to use displays, smooth ride, great freeway ride.

How EZ and fun it is to drive and the comfort.

AWD Traction Control CD changer Handling

AWD or sense of it when driving in harsh weather, mostly rain in TN. Cheap to purchase as long as you do not get the sunroof and upgraded wheels and NAV system

Dash design is okay. Accessable controls. Car has a good sporty look. Trunk space is pretty good.

Navigation/GPS

Styling, comfortable for 4 people as long as the people in the back aren't too long-legged, really good handling, stability control, anti-lock brakes, all the airbags make me feel secure, and has been pretty reliable. 

Doors. 

Lots of truck space. Keyless entry and start is a great feature I never need to take my keys out of my bag to get in or start the car again. Automatic climate control is a plus. Traction control and ESP are great in NJ weather. Great gas milage. Very comfortable inside.

Exterior design, 17 in rims no ugly hub caps, Auto climate control, Cruise and audio on the steering wheel, pleanty of head room and a nice sized trunk. All of the controls are laid out well and easy to use. The best feature is the 7 year warrenty on the powertrain and it is transferable. 

AWD, traction control, ABS, CD player plays WMA - I get 12-16 normal CD's on one WMA CD so with a 6 CD changer I'm carrying almost 100 CD's in the car at a time.

The instrumentation is set up neatly and easy to reach.

Radio, AWD, quality 



I like the looks, especially with the 17" wheels

17" wheels, GPS nav, ground effects spoiler

Gas mileage, zero interest loan - low monthly payment, looks, the way it drives, dependability.

Good steering, good visability, and comfort for four people

I love the large 17" tires on rims, the biggest of all the vehicles I compared it to. Evidently this is stock, not an option. And the interior feels like a cockpit with the neat triangular windows ahead of the A-pillars. The high roof fits a 6-foot person like me well. And the stereo is great.

I love the way it take curves, it gets the addrenaline pumping compared to my old cars. The 17's are a definite plus, compared to others that mostly only come with caps. One thing ide suggest is to look at it coming up fast in the rearview mirror. It looks intimidating which is never bad.

I love the brakes on this car.You can stop on a dime. The exterior styling is very nice and much different than anything else on the market. The trunk space is great and interior space as well. We can fit a full size car seat in the middle with a booster seat on each side in the back with no problem.

The exterior design...so much better than that car that it is compared to so often..umm (Focus)

Good safety features and runs great

When AC was kept in recirculation mode, it was hell showering. The audio was out of function. Now the car is at showroom where they said everything is rectified.

Sure grip handling on the curves and powerful braking. Interior head room and comfortable seating and the mp3 CD machine. 17"alloy wheels.

CD player, price

Cup holders in the doors, steering wheel controls, and keyless start.



AWD, radio stations on steering wheel, interior and exterior styling, display with time, how many miles per gallon and how many miles until gas is empty.

I really like the looks and the CD player with mp3 playback and just knowing I have a great warranty 

 I have the radio controls on the steering wheel which is nice, the auto control temp is amazing everything is so simple. I compare it to an apple mac, simple stupid easy that you can't go wrong with

Quite/smooth ride for a small car. Quick, nimble handling. Roomy feel. Great acceleration. Roomy trunk. Lots of front seat headroom. 4-wheel disc brakes. 17-inch alloy wheels. 7- year, 100,000 mile warranty

Fits anywhere, zips along and great gas mileage (about 30mpg) because I don't speed off at lights and drive all crazy like most people around my town. 

Handling, speed, power, comfort of seats.

SmartPass entry and start (I'll never go back to using keys!) Front seats fit me perfectly, very comfortable. Copper color rocks! Simple yet functional interior design. Great road feel and handling. 4-wheel discs. Cute car (I'm a guy so, there I said it), can't stop looking at it! 



Exterior styling!

Like it all! Good on gas. Love the color - Copper Metallic.

Manual transmission. 

Good looks, handling is good for a small compact

Smart pass key and 6 disc cd. Push button twd/awd

Auto climate control, exterior styling, fuel economy, front seat comfort, standard options and safety features, driver elevation, peppy engine

That I can fit! Short doors, room for 5. Huge trunk. Sporty appearance without having to spend more at the aftermarketers house.

Handling, looks, keyless ignition, ESP, and safety features

A/C, radio, control on steering wheel. 

Leather steering wheel, great stereo, climate control cabin, 17inch tires

The stereo volume adjustment with speed, the sub-woofer, key-less go, red instrument lighting, 17" wheels, the great mileage considering it is an AWD vehicle, and the copper/root beer color.

My favorite feature of the vehicle is the I-AWD system and the original look of the body.

AWD, keyless entry and start, stereo and controls on the steering wheel

Mileage. Stable at high speed in cross winds.

Sporty look, bluetooth system, and bike rack

Standard AWD, 6 air bags, 6-CD changer w/8 speakers, cruise control, keyless entry & starting, and electronic stabibility control.

Seat placement is nice. You will feel as though you are surrounded by windows. Turning radius is nasty (as in good).

Power, ABS, climate control, tpms, wheel controls, audio system, styling, handling, and the AWD!

I love everything about my Suzuki but my favorite thing is the turn ratio and the red color on the dashboard and the mpg that I get 

Keyless entry and ignition

For $2,000 less than Toyota Matrix, I have these with Suzuki SX4: 3-mode AWD, Stability control system, ABS, heated mirrors, 9-spkr w/ subwoofer, 6cd/mp3 changer w/ speed sensitive volume, 6 airbags w/ curtain, keyless entry and engine startup, steering wheel music/cruise control.

Size, fuel efficency, style, and value

I love the look of this stylish car, especially the 17" wheels, and the standard body kit. This car is also very safe, which is one of my favorite features as well.

Visibility, keyless access, handling, comfort, low road noise, easy to park

Keyless entry and ignition. DaimlerChrysler Slip Control (we just had one of the WORST winters ever). The suspension easily sucks up pothole bumps. The high ceiling and great legroom (I'm 6') fit me... my wife is 5' so it's not as important to her.

Starting system (no key). If you like to imbibe in the nectar of the gods, you hold the key while the old lady/man drives. Audio controls. Music system (how about the bass in the drivers seat). AWD is awesome (so far).



Smooth car ride, perky engine, really good on curves, great trunk space, nice european feel when driving, european styling, decent fuel economy, well thought out dash, stereo, and gauges.

AWD, AWD lock, heated mirrors, steering wheel controls, climate control, 16 inch wheels, Information center, plenty of room for 4 people, or plenty of room for storage when configured correctly.



AWD and all the standard features.

AWD selector, audio system/ with 6 CD changer, remote locking with no key needed for entry or engine starting is really cool, comfy seats, quiet and smooth engine



This car is an absolute blast to drive. I haven't ruled out competing in SCCA SoloII autocross events next year. The 17 inch alloy wheels and premium 50 series Dunlop tires add to the driving pleasure. The comfortable interior is surprisingly roomy and the trunk is huge. Best value for the money. 

Really nice styling, comfortable front seats, decent gas mileage, standard power windows/mirrors/locks, huge trunk, excellent handling/ride, and enough power for passing on 2 lane roads.

Auto climate controls, steering wheel radio controls, great heater/air.

Pricing, standard ABS, 6 airbags, passing power, truly head-turning styling, lots of power options are standard (MP3 capable CD stereo,windows, locks, and mirrors), and solid warranty coverage.

Zippy, fun to drive,comfortable to drive, automatic climate controls, tilt wheel, good stereo, good gas mileage and AWD!! I think those 16" tires keep her little body fairly grounded!! And she's cute as a bug, to boot!!

All so far.

