King ranch pkg, interior room, and 4 drink holders.

Exudes coolness factor, the Diesel rocks!, built like a tank. Everything on it is big.

Power, mirrors, rock solid frame, solid front axle, great breaks, rear camera

Its very cheap and easy to Modify. The comfort on long trips is really great for everyone. The towing is 2nd to none. Surprisingly the handling is pretty good for this 4ton beast. Due your research and you will see F250 is the best all around heavy hauler.

heated seats woohoo

Brakes & brake controler. let's not leave out POWER.

The raw power. Huge interior. Safe feeling size. The exhaust cleaning system. I love the tow command and the fact that aux switches are already installed and wired up

Love the bold interior and exterior style.

Does have the trailer brake system control which will control the brakes to prevent jackknifing. 

Best sounding diesel, room, rear camera, looks inside and out, very solid feeling. I think I could move my house if needed. Great engine and tranny! Awesome engine sound.

Tow haul with integrated trailer brake controller

My truck has A/C and power windows, otherwise stripped as far as creature comforts, I just like the Ford philosophy of truck building, which is to use lots of steel.

Coil-sprung solid front axle with locking hubs. Manual transmission available unlike GM. Decent optional radio.

Towing capacity, rear view camera, plush interior.

Satellite radio, King Ranch leather, Ipod hookup, heated seats and mirrors, large interior, and exterior look.

Exterior looks, power mirrors, seats, spacious interior, turning radius, ride, 20" wheels, side steps, all around best on the market!

Interior space and comfort. The ride and drive was great with a dog and a 11 year old in the back seat. Very spacious. Handles great. Beatiful interior for a truck.

Tow/haul, engine braking, sound/sat system, backup camera, interior comfort, quiet, fit and finish. On balance an outstanding 4X4 diesel truck that makes the Dodge and Chevy look and feel somewhat flimsy.

Looks, inside and out. 

Great looks, very comfortable. Folding mirrors, cabin refinements, 20 inch tires and rims, quiet diesel, overall visibility, nice solid interior, step on tail gate. Quiet running. Had my truck running near my friend's older super duty with diesel. His truck was much louder than mine.

Interior

Instrument gauge cluster, large center console, Bold styling, interior space, King Ranch seats are the best on the market. Reverse camera is a nice option. Tow command is a nice option to have with the "AUX" upfitter switches.

Interior/exterior styling. Great engine performance.

Like the mirrors and room

Better tow mirrors, lower headlights, rear camera option, better audio options, updated interior, hydro boost brakes, wide mounted fog lights, memory package, bed extender, quieter diesel, chrome package, 08 20" rims, improved gauge cluster and message display, rear ride stability, rear floor vents

Interior design - most comfortable truck I have ever been in. Mine is loaded with DVD, nav, etc.. Long trips pulling the travel trailer are much more comfortable and the kids don't complain near as much! Tailgate step. Overall appearance of the truck. 

Power and styling

Rear camera, power sliding rear window with the super cab and adjustable pedals are great for the wife pulling her horse trailer. Power adjustable tilt and telescopic mirrors are super and it's great to have a factory installed trailer brake & garage door opener in a heavy duty pick up.

Interior, looks, ride, solid performance

Pulling capability; comfort

The diesel is powerful, truck looks great, interior majorly improved

Power. Longterm resale value. Payload capacity. ability to install 35" tires without a lift kit

Mirrors, interior is very nice

New diesel engine, updated interior, and the overall looks

Comfort and room for me and my family. Interior and exterior styling

Turns on a dime. Nice ride.

Mirrors, sat radio, seats, and adjustable pedals

New engine/turbo set up, no noticeable lag

Huge space on the interior and dash layout. Steering wheel controls are handy. Exterior and interior styling. Quitness of the diesel.

4 AUX switches. mp3 player plug-in. 4x4 capability. When the engine is working right, enough power to tow a cruise ship.



Big truck exterior design, Powerstroke power and quickness, towing hookup and trailer brake controls, mp3 cd player and mp3 player input, 4 accessory switches. The turbo sounds awesome. I love everything about my Super Duty except the few more mpg it needs to be a daily driver.

The quietness of the diesel compared to other diesel trucks. Impressive with the power and luxury of the King Ranch. Beautiful seats and amenities. Love the Sirius satellite and navigation unit.

Great ride versus my 2005 King Ranch F250

The diesel engine is absolutely amazing. It's powerful, yet sounds almost like a gas engine at idle.

The diesel engine. When I ordered it I didn't know the tailgate step was available. I would have liked to have had that.

The huge 19.5 in rims 

Interior and room 

The diesel has excellent power and quiet refinement. The King Ranch seats are fantastic. The interior is very luxurious and the gauges,etc. are easy to read. The truck appears to be well- made and the tow command is great. Nice features like the tailgate step add to ease of use. My favorite, the diesel!

The navigation was very helpful when we went to visit our friends up in Colorado. My kids loved the rear seat DVD system and the lady and I up front didn?t hear a thing thanks to the headphones. The Reverse Vehicle Aid Sensors are a help when I am hooking up my boat. The tailgate step is great. 

The quietness of the diesel, the power and torgue delivery, the smooth ride and the appearance.

Diesel! 

Favorite feature is the new reddish look of the King Ranch leather interior.

Suggested Improvements

Diesel.

This is the quietest diesel engine that I've ever heard. Very smooth ride and it handles like a dream.

