Brakes; acceleration; ride; rain sensing windshield wipers. Defroster clears the windshield in a couple of seconds, not sure how they make it do that, but makes me wonder why others haven't copied it.



The Harmon Kardon stereo, HD Radio, and iPod interface turn the car into a private concert venue, while the driving experience, comfortable seats, warning chimes that harmonize, a quiet cabin, and Dynamic Stability Control all contribute to making this a complete package. 

300hp twin turbo engine and famous BMW handling. Makes it a better daily driver than the M3, for much less. Superior warranty and service at my dealership.

Bluetooth, iPod sync, convertible top... the rumble of the engine and the drive.

Precision handling, smooth transmission (6sp auto), power folding mirrors for tight spaces, ambient/welcoming lighting, hands-free bluetooth, back seats lay forward to expand the trunk, color (metallic sedona red - gets lots of compliments), uniqueness.

Acceleration and handling.

The pure driving force and speed of the car. It handles like it's on rails and then some. Words cannot say enough about how this car's performance and how tame it can be for daily commutes. But when you want to GET IT it's there for you. 

No favorite feature, just a well rounded, well engineered, semi-sport German convertible.

The N54 engine. Pure unrestrained love. It pulls from 1k rpm's all the way to 7k nonstop. Handling. She just turns with no body roll or push in the corners. It wants to go fast. Looks. Jet Black, Boston Grey interior. Love it. Seats me <I'm 6'3"> Wife, 14 year old and 7 year old kids just fine.

At 6?4?, the main thing I like about this car is that I fit in it. I was unable to fit in the 370Z, Altima Couple, Mustang GT, and Camaro. The only car with equal driver room was the A5.

Love the heated seats, blue-tooth and I-Pod interface and overall ergonomics of the interior. The car fits like a glove. Surprisingly the trunk is actually useful - even with the top down. The active headlights are useful as well. This is not just a gimmick. The remote key/start system is great.

Twin turbos -- amazing. Overall driving experience.

When sun hits dash board, red lighting becomes blue - quick top up/down, night time ambient lighting, satellite radio, folds/channels in rag top that prevent drip from coming across passenger window, easy gas cap, pressure sensors in tires - an owner's manual that actually thinks I will baby it!

Great front seats, and very good trunk capacity with seats down (put in the back Queen bed head and foot boards + 40inch TV -- all with boxes. Very smooth auto trans, and great handling (I do not have sport package, but for me it suffices).

Ummm, engine of course. Brakes are great, as mentioned above.

Must have, shifting gears on steering wheel, looks very sporty. Red leather seat is very attractive. Most other features are almost same like other cars.

Tight steering, handling.

Power for the fuel efficiency. Sound system, gas consumption monitoring, auto windshield wipers and lights.

Getting in to a curve and feeling it just glide through, without any distortion. Any.

Power, road feel, cornering, engine sound, controls; initially thought it was ugly, especially the rear, but by now it has grown on me tremendously 

I live and drive this car in Germany, where I get passed on the Autobahn by SMART-car-sized cars doing 85. It holds its own here.

Engine, Bluetooth capability, BMW Assist, M-style paddle shifters, very good gas mileage around 22 mpg combined on the freeway with aggressive driving.

Zero turbo lag, power on tap from the bottom to the top of the RPM spectrum. Great clutch, very responsive brakes and the perfect sport suspension for this rocket. I find the body very appealing although I understand others may not. Never liked red, but the sedona red is very subtle and attractive.

M steering wheel, shifting is so easy and fun, great stereo, love the iPod adapter, Bluetooth is very easy to hear even with the top down.

Engine, headlights, seats.

Compact rear-wheel car with nice balance.

Performance and overall driving experience. The optional folding side mirrors come in handy when pulling in and out of tight spaces. 

I like the seats, paddle shifters and overall ride.

no body roll, the exhaust note,the engine,the solid feel,the raw power,the brakes,and of course it goes without saying the steering.

Sport seats and steering wheel. The wheel alone is worth the price of the sport package. Adaptive headlamps, rain sensing wiper, 18" wheels & tires, and the shifter.

The motor and the sound!

Sport seats, Coral leather, wheels, steering wheel. 

Premium Package, Cold Weather Package, Xenon Headlights, Park Distance Control I like the fact that you can put the top up and down while driving. I also like the look of the 1 series when the top is down. Bluetooth and MP3 Player integration are very nice as well. 

Handle, power, looks, surprisingly roomy interior & trunk (considering the overall size), sheer quality of materials and operation. Uniqueness--haven't seen another one on the road yet, no competitor makes a similar car, and the "Year One of the 1" emblem is a cool touch.

Terrific interior and exterior design. Great performance and comfort. Great sound system and controls.

That sweet twin turbo with effortless power and no lag, amazing brakes, sport seats are the most comfortable I've ever found, iPod integration, handles like a dream.

Fav features are the step tranny, the windblocker, the sweet engine, the extra driver/passenger legroom, the overall small exterior dimensions.

Engine power, interior comfort, exterior design, stereo w/ iPod, looks from other drivers. The car is very tight too, not a single rattle of any kind. 

Exterior styling, seats are really comfortable and fun to drive!

Like the looks of the car with the top up or down. Lots of fun to drive down country roads with the top down, ya hoo!

Comfort (ride and seats), gas mileage, softop operation and sound qualities. Excellent visibility top up or down. First year model but the engine and components have been around for several years on other beemers. Best of both worlds if you ask me.

Twin turbo inline 6. Sports package. Stereo. Comfort access. Rain sensing wipers. Coral leather.

Wide power band with a smooth shifter make for a lot of driving fun. Interior looks and feels upscale. Styling is signature BMW. Let the others follow. 

Great styling, good brakes, corner well, BMW 4yr/50,000 mile free service (you will need it), BMW Assist, Bluetooth for cell phones, IPOD friendly

The sport seat support in the corners. The torque. The steering controlled head lights. 

M-steering wheel in sports package, brakes, engine power.

Very addictive, smooth yet powerful linear lag-free twin turbo engine. Great transmission and clutch feels. World class suspension/chassis that blend in high performance and day-to- day comfort just so perfectly. Nice BMW-typical luxurious interior.

Engine, handling, looks, brakes, the looks from other motorists, the small but important accents (two-toned leather, trim) and the FUN!

Looks, engine, handling, fun factor, and standard features like adjustable headlights, auto rain sensing wipers, awesome brakes... just too many to list.

BMW feel and all the useless but oh so fun accessories!

Bluetooth for phone. Performance. Brilliant and effortless acceleration. Steptronic transmission with two automatic and one paddle shift option. Interior comfort and look. Reasonable cost. Real back seat and good trunk space. Push button ignition.

Engine, Blue-tooth, premium radio, handling, engine sound and front seat comfort. This is my first experience with the adaptive headlights. They work so well I will probably always order these on future cars if available. They are unbelievable.

Turbo charged engine, paddle shifters, navigation, handling, sexy muscular look, and well balanced. Sound system is great for not upgrading to the premium sound price. Minimal options is best!!

An exhaust note that should make every 3 Series driver jealous. High-quality materials and standard features (xenons with corona ring DRLs, for example) that are on par with other bimmers. Blistering twin-turbo performance that makes an M3 or Cayman S hard to justify.

Engine!!

Courtesy lighting under the door handles! Push button engine start-stop.

Six-speed manual, twin-turbo engine, sport package, built-in bluetooth

