The New Beetle is so distinctive and the salsa red really gets everyones attention. I just love the way it looks!

great shade of red, solid tuetonic driving experience, great highway cruiser, good range on gas tank, fairly inexpensive to maintain, decent steering feel, low end torque, engine growl.

The seats are so comfy..you just melt into them when you sit down. I also love the hatchback..very cool!

The heated front seats, great on cold mornings or just to ride with top down on cool days. Harvest moon beige, cream top with cream interior is just a fabulous color combination. 

1) heated leather seats. 2) stereo & comes with Sirius Sat Radio. 3) fun to drive , and you can fit it anywhere not a big bulky car. 4) has a convertible top you gotta love that. 5) I like the turn signals on the side mirrors that helps out. 6) FLOWER holder lol ha ha 

At this point I'm disgusted with the car.

Automatic power top.

The way it handles, so smooth and secure, the color, and the shape of the car. The gas mileage is average esp. since it contains 6 airbags and has a big engine.

Feels like a girl car.

It's a cute car and my wife gets lots of compliments on it.

Blinkers and the so-called leather seats.

Tiptronic 6 speed transmission is great, power top, comfortable seats. This car came with a beautiful Monsoon stereo, which included a CD player as well as satellite (Sirius) radio. Have a Sirius satellite radio in another car, and got this hooked up right away - great sound!

The Tiptronic is great for someone who drove a stick all his life - the convenience of an automatic with the fun of a stick. The dash read-outs are plain and simple with colors that are easy on the eyes. I was able to get my choice colors, and the finish is great. All around great car.

One of our favorite features probably is going to be is the moon roof. You can adjust it to your favorite way. So it doesn't have to be fully open or fully closed!

The car has the ability to get up to 70 mph very quickly and has no loss of power with A/C on. It is very easy to put the rear seat down for additional cargo space. The cruise control is the best I have had on any car. 

Heated seats and how the car looks with the top down. Radio sounds great even with top down.

My favorite feature would have to be the heated seats. Love them!!

Comfort, radio, tiptronic, interior.

The semi top. It not only works great, but looks very cool when it is down. It has that Cali look. I also love the bold looks of this bug. It can be considered cute or bold looking depending on how you trick it out. 

