Cooled seats, ipod and xm radio.

Everything, wicked power.

Accelerating in comfort.

Everything!!



Nav system, Music studio, back up camera and the heated and cooled seats.

Interior comfort, convenience features, and superb electronics.

Navigation, great performance, luxurious interior.

Bluetooth, keyless ignition,doorlocks, climate seats

Nice leather, hands free blue tooth, acceleration, roomy, relatively rare car

Navigation is great. Audio system is tops. Scary how quick this car is.

Bluetooth, navigation, heated and cooled seats, headlights, rear-seat room

Navigation, AWD, Bluetooth, seats, iPod integration,

Value, power, attractive real wood trim. Wonderful exterior in black paint.

The overall exterior design of the car, bluetooth, interior room.

I love the sport wheels and sport seats!

Appearance, comfort, interior room. Performance is great minus the steering. The power is good without a load up to about 80 MPH. Braking is very solid. 

I was used to the backup camera. I think it is a safety feature and I will not buy a car without it. I want navigation and satellite radio. I want rear, side, etc air bags. I want electric mirrors, electric cool & heated seats. I want a quiet and not-underpowered car. blue tooth cell connection.



Cornering, electronics.

XM, iPod, cooled seats, power steering column.

The handling and ride are top notch. Controls are intuitive and well positioned. The technology package is a "must have" feature which is well worth the price.

I loved the style of the car and the technology.

To my taste the interior is head of the class, especially front dash. Seats are excellent. Keyless ignition is nice, especially in winter, don't have to hunt around for the key. Great road feel but comfortable too. I find the upgraded stereo fine



The Tech package: The stereo has a 9GB HD to rip your CD's , it will control my iPod, CD player, XM radio. The smart key is a great convenience. No fumbling for keys, just open the door, as long as your key is with you. Bluetooth phone implementation is flawless. Nav pkg is very intuitive.

The navigation system, Bluetooth, voice commands, and air conditioned seats.

Heated/cooling seats, iPod connection, sat/nav, back up camera, room in the back

The 2006 M35 did not have any way to connect my iPod so I was looking for that in the 2008 model. The 2008 has the iPod connection, but even better is the MusicBox (hard drive) that rips your CDs and stores them in the car for easy access.

IPod integration; XM radio; keyless entry/exit; heated/cooled seats; tilt/telescoping steering wheel; map/navigation/route guidance; Bluetooth; auto headlights/windshield wipers; AWD; auto-leveling Xenon headlights; back-up camera; roomy (persons & cargo); styling.

All the electronics especially the nav system and the Bluetooth connection.

Nav is the best out there. Rear seating for a 6 foot person is best in class. 

All the integrated technology, responsive engine, quiet ride and excellent suspension.

Handling is excellent but could use a few more horses for standing starts. Accelleration through the gears gets your blood flowing nicely. This highlight for me is the new hard drive navigation system with full voice controls along with the large touch screen.

Wheels and tires, Navi, Bose stereo, heated and a/c seats, bluetooth, active cruise and lane departure systems.

