Build quality, interior materials, workmanship, VERY powerful V8 motor, excellent fuel economy, very flexible interior layout, plenty of space.

The seats are the most comfortable I've ever owned. Long distance driving is easy. The exterior is durable and looks as good as new.



We love the body style, the leather seats and the Dynaudio. 

Premium sound system with 6 CD, love the moon roof and the luxurious feel of the SUV. Feels very untrucklike. Volvo is very agressive in their pricing currently, you can get a great deal if you are patient and know how to negotiate. We got ours for 15k under sticker price, 10k under invoice.

The back up camera.

We like all the safety and luxury options, BLIS, rear seat entertainment etc.I also considered the X5 (pretty, but 5 seats and much more expensive) and the Highlander hybrid (really ugly looking) but , the invoice price of the XC90 was average $10,000 less than a Highlander or BMW. 

Stereo and price

Wood steering wheel, exterior styling, beautiful leather comfy seats, outside mirrors that fold in with a push of a button, solid as a tank safety. steering feels great. Third row seats without a minivan feel to the interior

Air bags

Handling, power, quiet, quality of materials, style and safety, blind spot warning, 6 speed tranny and the great muted growl of that Yamaha 4.4 liter. My '58 P544 had three points belts. Detroit caught up 30 years later, kicking and screaming. Volvo designs safety in. 

I like the exterior look.

Dash layout, seats, exterior style and AWD.

V-8 power. Comfort/ride. Seating for 7 that works for kids



Side blind spot, smooth drive, good driver seat for long drive. Well built interior. 

BLIS, xenon headlights, stereo, easy chair folding, and the front seats.

Super soft leather, very supportive seats. Rock solid body & safety features. And, for an SUV of its size, it corners pretty well! 

Styling.

Only one i can think of is that we got the built in DVD, when it works it's good. 

Seats, Geartronic transmission, V-8 power,reverse sensing, blind spot warning system.

Executive package. Blind spot info system. Dyna-audio stereo, 19 in wheels. Ember Black metallic paint

Very, very family friendly with integrated booster seat and 3rd row, multiple seating configs, myriad saftey features, etc. Very powerful brakes considering size and wieght of SUV. Love the active bi-xenon headlamps. Very classy looks- prefer the clean lines of this SUV over most of its competitors

Built-in booster:convenience of having adult in 2nd row along with toddler & infant without juggling car seats. Nice interior - wood steering, BLIS, park assist, comfy front seats, push-button child safety locks, locking windows that lock rear windows only. Nice to be able to open windows up front.

Some time it's runs. Free wireless now that you live at dealership, waiting on SUV.

Wood steering wheel, 6 speed auto, awesome exterior styling, 18" wheels, 311hp, tons of torque, 3 rows of seating, rear AC, many many cup holders, American owned (Ford motor company), ample interior space, drives a lot smaller than it's substantial and heavy size. Adjustable 2nd row seats (sliding).

Excellent looks, outstanding interior. Luxurious but simple. Just enough perks inside and out. Gives you a "safe" feeling. 

Wooden Steering Wheel, Heated seats, Real wood trim throughout front portion of the cabin. Fairly Quiet

The beautiful and complete design of the interior and the assurance that you are sitting in a very save car.

The comfort and size are very impressive. The safety ratings and feature are hands down one of the best out there. I love the built in booster seat for the little one in the near future.

I can't imagine a car being more comfortable than the XC90. I wish they made couches.

The high quality leather.

Naturally, the high safety ratings are a big plus. Also, the park assist is a great feature.

Too many to mention though the BLIS and RTI navigation system is great.

