170hp 5cyl, growl, stereo, climatic climate control, fold down seats, cargo space, cornering, power everything, drivers seat that moves up and down, best tiptronic trans I've ever driven with auto, sport, and manumatic modes. 

Safety features. Fun to drive. 

the car is pretty and it looks nice. the material inside makes a cracking noise when it's hot and you turn the ac on or when it gets cold. I also have had engine problems.

 love the red and blue dashlights ,roomy , peppy , style , love the hatchback. I really like the smart front wipers and rear wipers. ASR works great never lost traction in the heavy snow Ohio had last year. 

Roominess, torque, mileage, build quality, reliability, tiptronic much better than expected

The 170HP engine, Tiptronic tranny, so-much-fun-to-drive factor. All the bells and whistles that are standard on a base model VW (that are all extra options on JDM + US cars). The great growl when revving the 5 cylinder engine.

Power, fun to drive, the standard equipment...

6-speed tiptronic transmission, 2.5 liter engine, seat heaters

Single tap auto windows. All my friends love my car and ask me if they can drive it. Dashboard is awesome. 

Neat little things that are very thoughtful, like the rear windshield wiper gives a cleaning swipe if the car was turned off and the front wipers were on when I shut the car off. I also love the interior. Everything is so well put together and the materials are top notch for any class of car.

Handling, ride, front seat comfort, dash layout, mpg. I believe you have to break new vehicles in correctly and the VW is returning 26 city and 31 highway. Sporty solid feel and great handling. Glad we got this model before VW reduces the number of standard features on the 2010 re- design.

Fun to drive, good power.

There are a lot: - Red LED ambient lighting at night - 3 Blink turn signal feature - Auto Lock the hatch after closing

Full size spare, auto up/down windows, power, standard safety features.

Build Quality, Engine, Power feels kie a bigger car

Heated seats Handling and performance Gas mileage

Auto up/down (all 4) windows, sun roof, and power

Strong, torque filled engine. Good mileage, but by no means a class leader. Very quick, looks great, build quality is awesome. Interior is the best for the price period.

Solid feel, ride, power and well thought out interior. The VW symbols in the headlights are a nice touch.



transmission, center arm rest, engine,interior and exterior design.

Gas mileage, great engine, comfortable seats, Daytime Running Lights, Great safety features. Just go and test drive one. You'll see!

6 spd tiptronic transmission. The adjustable center arm rest of course! The comfortable seats, simple efficient controls. The combination of of good handling and low end torque is really fun.

great power for an "economy" car. 170 hp and 177 torque. i own the 5 speed manual. zippy around town. in town i avg 23-24 mpg. remember i am more a performance oriented driver. keep that in mind with what i've posted for fuel economy. i don't save engine power for a rainy day. i use it.

I the peppy engine.

Torque! Also the Multi-function display, interior blue and red lighting at night, comfortable seats, theft deterrent system. Oh, and did I mention Torque! 

Telescoping steering wheel, Stereo, Tiptronic Tranny and automatic windows.

170 hp, 177 torque, 6speed auto w/tiptronic, excellent handling, good looking car, fully loaded for under $18k?? You can't beat that. 

Styling, especially in silver with the 18-inch GTI wheels, tinted windows, and body colored lower rear bumper. Very sexy. I love the torquey engine, and the amazing amount of high-end features you get for the money. 

Comfortable driver's seat and legroom. Satellite Radio installed as standard. Agility makes it fun to drive.

Beautiful Interior, comfortable seats, responsiveness handling, tiptronic transmission and directional lights on side mirrors. 

Everything but the stick shift.

Snappy performance. Excellent brakes. High quality feel.

side curtain air bags

Heated seats, power, low road noise. It makes you happy whenever you drive it. 

Dash layout. Sirius radio integration.

Hate iPod feature in the arm rest. This option is the worst. The design seems wasn't well planned. It's like an after thought design, which was slapped on to make it more appealing to the iPod users. I tell ya, I only used it once, but it was more aggravating than anything. No favorite feature here.

Sport mode, traction control, the switchblade key fob, sunroof, heated front seats, hatch release logo handle. 

Overall look of the exterior/interior. The feeling the cars gives back while driving. 

One button up and down windows. Automatic tilt or opening sunroof. 10 speaker 6 CD Changer. 8-Way heated seat with power decline. Alloy rims. Precise handling, turning, and acceleration. Clean, uncomplicated interior. 

The electronic slip program seems to have a mind of its own. Tested it out during heavy rain @140 kph/87 mph. Excellent handling. Assured and safe feeling in all conditions thus far. Love the low front view, 3-blink touch turn signals, 4-wheel ABS and the std. creature comforts. And the looks- WOW!

The stereo system, the romminess, the exterior

Styling, handling, interior design.



The quick snappy little 5 cyl engine.

My Factory 17" wheels and the stereo. It sounds awesome! much better than all the other cars i drove in comparison.

Telescopic Steering, Triptonic transmission, roomy for a car of it's class.

Sport mode transmission

The heated seats are great, so is the sporty handling. Smooth ride for a small car and solidly built.

The best features are the quality of everything and the handling. Heated seats are a big plus. I also enjoy the lack of exterior chrome trim, which I think is ugly.

the great euro looks of this hatch, BEAUTIFUL! clean interior design, very comfy, has more room than i had expected, decent noise levels for small car, excellent levels of standard equip., great Consumers Reports ratings on reliability, signal lights on side mirrors, nice cd/radio sound, THE PRICE!

5spd manual; heated seats; cup holders; rear a/c vents in console; smooth engine; fine handling.

Six speed tiptronic is an improvement over the 5 speed automatic in my old Passat. Also, no turbo lag!

Interior comfort/build. Super slick transmission and clutch makes traffic an easy experience. 30mpg observed on highway so far! Exterior appearance is so clean and sporty. Color (gray) is stunning! Nice wheels. Decent sound system for such a low price!

Height adjustable driver's seat and telescoping steering wheel (both hard to find in this price range), supportive front seats, powerful 2.5 five-banger, ipod connection hidden in armrest, multi-function trip computer, generous interior room.

6 spd trans, radio-great sound, ride, fit & finish. 

I LOVE the adjustable arm rest(great for long road trips),which can be extended forward and raised or lowered to fit just right. The 6 disc stereo with MPP3 puts out awesome sound. The glove box cooling vent, the fold flat front passengers seat & additional cup holders in the doors are all great.

Torque, smooth ride, style and design, stereo, good MPG for what you get (25mpg avg, 80% city), regular gas, rear seat space, solid feel when opening/closing doors and hatch, room for the dog in the back, and did I mention it's fast?

Interior, paint color, pick up and go, handling, cupholders, heating/cooling system. Price!

2.5L engine, responsiveness, smooth ride, cost. MPG is not as bad as many suggested. Drove every day to work this week. More than half tank left. Usually with my old Acura I would need to fill up by now. 

Fun to drive. Good handling. Good acceleration. Hatchback and fold down seats make good use of space. Plenty of leg and head room for full size man in small car. Inexpensive to purchase (16K) but does not feel cheap. Solid feel. 

Power, build quality, workmanship inside with materials, and the small things (e.g., padded glovebox, aux connector, sound dampening materials, vented disc brakes all around), finally, of course - the hatch and its space!

The turning radius on this car is tops! It really adds to the fun factor. Digital display of tripometer, temperature, mpg estimator, and more is really neat and I like indigo and red illumination of the console. iPod hookups are great. 5 cylinder engine - a unique compromise between L4s and V6s.

Power. Handling. Interior design and comfort. Driving dynamics.

Engine, 6-speed Triptonic transmission, ROAD FEEL

Steering feel. Solid build quality. Strong engine for the class.

Versatility of the hatchback, interior design and features, including fold-flat front passenger seat, sunroof and iPod adapter (options), seat heaters (standard) and many more. 

I'm a big guy and when people hear I have a rabbit they sort of chuckle but I can't reach the pedals with the seat all the way back and I fit fine in the backseat. 

Great price for the standard features and the engine. Excellent safety. Stereo is fantastic. To get the same performance and features out of any other car you would have to pay thousands more.

Crash test ratings. Power. Fit and finish. Interior layout. Standard safety features. I don't know why, but I love the fabric of the cloth seats. No one does interiors like VW.

16" wheel and tire option, 6 speed automatic in manual mode, a fantastic standard cruise control, power windows and locks.

Traction control. Horsepower. Price. Styling. Available OEM parts.

Interior design and usefullnes of the hatchback. It's like a mini station wagon.

Auto up/down windows, sound system, heated seats, standard features compared to comparable competitors.

Triptonic engine, bright dash display lights. Hatchback opens easily. Steering is without a doubt the best feature, coupled with the triptonic or sport engine, make for a really fun car to drive. 

All the standard options available without having to upgrade and spend more then you want.

Sirius, heated seats, all of the safety features.

