I like the sporty look of the vehicle, thats about the only good thing I can say about it.

the cloth seats are great. Nice change from the leather I had which was too hot.

I like the boxy SUV styling unlike the CX7. 6 disk CD changer, tow package, and MP3 jack are wonderful. Car-like handling with raised seating platform. Comfortable front and rear seating. Ability to fold down rear seats (This is my first SUV). Lots of safety features.

safety features.leather seats.ride

NONE

The stereo MP3 Player and iPod attachment, the cup holder sleeve, overdrive feature, intelligent 4WD, chocolate leather interior, heated seats, I could go on all day.

LOVE LOVE LOVE the color (ocean blue) with black leather seats. 

IPod auxiliary color if stops bubbling before the end of the manufacturer warranty.

I love the color and design, leather seats, lots of room and very comfortable. When the SUV works!!

Styling, gas mileage, and very affordable.

6 CD changer/sound system, heated seats, climate control, smooth ride and the remote start option.

Cargo capacity, reasonable fuel economy, easy to use manual transmission

Beautiful distinctive looks,very nimble handling,6 CD changer, MP3, getting in and out of tight spots, roominess when back seats are down, black trim around the outside, sitting up high.

Flip rear glass, console storage, aux outlet.

Aux input for my iPod. Very roomy.

The iPod jack. Super cold AC. Smooth and quiet. We really like the exterior appearance. 

The interior design makes the vehicle look very classy. Looking at the vehicle from the outside, it sits higher off the ground - nice.

Regular gas, 6 CD changer, console, heated seats, sunroof. Nice ride. Like that all the doors do not unlock when the car is turned off. 

I love the way it looks from the front and the way it feels inside. Black with Charcoal interior. I may die this summer but it looks classy! The stereo just plain looks impressive but is actually easy to use. A touch of the button and the rear window pops up, nice.



The safety features.

New design; exterior visibility; very responsive at highway speeds; very comfortablle ride; ok on miles/gallon, about 22 hwy; regular gas.

6 cylinder engine, 4 wheel drive with traction control, interior space.

Offroad ability, confident handling, unique interior, heated seats, aux input for the stereo, comfortable leather seats, exterior design still looks masculine (not all curvy like many SUVs nowadays), and the PRICE! I can easily overlook the improvements section because of the amazing price.

Look of vehicle is appealing. V-6 power on a smaller frame has plenty of pick up. AWD is now automatic as opposed to the older push button 4WD Tribute I had which is improved technology.

The option of heating the seat on a cold day/nice. The option of the moon roof that opens automatically/nice. Loud music system/nice.

Love the interior design and leather seats. Also this SUV really is roomy, lots of cargo space and plenty of leg room for backseat passengers. 

MPG, handling, comfort, looks, interior.

Interior room and quality.

I love the 6 CD changer, 10+ radio station settings, tire level alert, leather interior, blue/red lights inside, large console storage including CD holder, AC outlet in back, seat warmers, handles on hatchback.

The dash, the exterior, the interior, the 6 cd player, the fact that it draws attention, the color - black of course - all of the standard features and so on.

Engine, ride, design (exterior and interior/dash), upholstery, flat with seats forward.

Great standard features including side air bags, tire pressure monitor, fog lamps, 6-CD changer and MP3 plugin, heated front seats and side mirrors, sunroof, and intelligent key.

Best, mirror-finish black paint job I've owned. Really smooth. Smaller exterior proportions for confident parking, yet interior room in the driver's compartment is outstanding. I'm 6'3" and my large frame is very comfortable in the seat, and headroom is great, even with the sunroof on my model. 

MP3 CDplayer, aux jack, all around features, drive, gas mileage, acceleration, comfort, no wind noise, quiet ride, tire pressure sensor to let you know the tires need air, safety, I love this SUV!

The aux jack! Use it daily. As well as the 6 disc CD changer!



Amazing design, both inside and out, appearance of the car is absolutely great! Colors are also great especially the two toned interiors. Reading lights are also great.

