Awesome drivetrain. 7 or 8 way seats Roominess Style



Power lift gate is very cool, as is the umbrella storage and various storage areas throughout. Stereo is awesome too. Again- the VR6 motor is really fast! 

e-break.

Steering, turbo charged engine purs, road feel, not too stiff like BMWs. Push key start. pinchless windows.

Nice handling and drive. Attractive car. Good gas mileage. Lots of interior space, even in rear seat. Lots of storage for a car. Comfortable seats. Hope it's good in the snow!

Manual tranny, Fuel economy 27 MPG in city, Leatherette, V6 like acceleration, Comfort, Heated seats, Aesthetic interior design. 

Storage space with seats folded down, great cupholders. Standard stero is nothing to complain about. GAS MILAGE, i get 32+ mpg highway going 70+ MPH, i will miss that, plus the 18 gallon tank i could cruse for 500+ miles per tank. automatic liftgate is nice! can't forget the turbo engine! quick!

The gas mileage and power. Nice having good mpg's with the 4cyl engine while having the turbo when you want speed. Also, we use the rear window visors for our son all the time!

SUPER ENGINE/TRANSMISSION...TIPTRONIC..

The heated leather seats are great. The car just looks cool, inside and out. The trunk is surprisingly huge for a mid-sized vehicle. The interior lighting system at night is awesome with the red and blue scheme.

sun roof, leather seats and a smooth ride!!!

More comfortable than 4 previous Volvos: 240-960- S70-S40 High performance, directional stability in all weather.

Heated seats, driver display options, great sound system, sporty drive feel and performance (hugs the road), overall handling, appearance

The Tiptronic transmission makes driving a blast. Heated seats are a nice option especially if you live in a cold climate. Love the sun roof.

Automatic rear door,Storage, ease to buckle in car seats, Stereo, improvement of cruise control, ease to drop rear seats, Handling, little turbo lag feel, rear A/C and heat vents, center seat pass thru, Auto windows feature, umbrella pocket in door, IPOD plug, storage.

Button to close located on lift gate, sport transmission (paddle shifters)which are great for slowing down and not relaying so much on the brakes. 

The seats are outstanding. Suspension and power are well matched. Headlights are way cool--you've got to drive at night to understand. Interior design is excellent. Turning radius tight. Radio worth the money. Nice interior cubbies & cupholders. Power rear hatch is nice.

Controls placed ergonomically. Sun shades. Powerful, quality radio speakers. 

Amazing performance of 2.0T/6M combo; great fuel economy for a car of this performance; Vtex/seat heaters; iPod dock; balanced handling; brakes; visibility (direct and in mirrors); ergonomics and adjustments on driver's seat usually only found in much pricier cars; German car feel



Built in sun screens in rear doors, automatic tailgate, dash display, wheels, rear a/c heat vent, fold flat cargo area, adjustable center armrest, storage areas, telescoping steering wheel.

PARK ASSIST! Comfy seats. Roomy back legroom for passengers. Nice trunk. Well lit at night. Key fob is nice but confuses parking attendants and my mother thought it was a cigarette lighter.

Comfort of the seats, well organized instrument panel, trunk capacity

Blue/Red color use on instrumentation. Dynaudio is excellent. Umbrella holder is nice touch. Autohold is excellent for stop/go traffic. Auto up/down for all windows is very convenient. So far everything. Headlights that "follow" the turn are a great benefit.

Quick engine with smooth handling. 30 plus MPG Leather like seating versus cloth. Comfortable seating. Great Value.

Feel of steering and braking. Park assist. Computerized multi function display. Radio shows presets and displays song info. Homelink. Memory seats. Window shades. Good acceleration, speed alert beep is nice since easy to speed. 0% for 60 mos financing. 

The radio system was topnotch to my older ears and loved the way the seats supported me. Getting in an out was difficult unless you lowered the seat all the time. Seat adjustments were more than enough to make you forget the dealership. Turn signals on mirrors.

The blue/red dash back lights for night driving. The 2.0T 4cyl w/turbo that really moves! The interior and exterior design. The smiles it put on my wife's face when we first test drove it and chose to buy it. By the way, I was smiling a whole lot too! The special 2.9% finance rate for 60 months!



Everything, a pleasure to drive.

Auto all 4 windows up and down. Driving feel, steering wheel feel, auto hold, advanced cruise control features, trip computer, dash display, radio. And yes, the best feature is the electronic hatch open and closing button. 

The 2.0 turbo engine.The classy interior.Alloy wheels standard. Overall fit and finish of the car.The color tornado red.The six speed triptronic auto transmission.Electronic Stability Program as standard equipment. Fold down rear seats that have steel reinforcements inside of them. Turn signals on mirror

Engine, all wheel drive, seats, Nav system, smooth and quiet ride

Sat. radio, transmission is the best I have ever driven, bigger and MUCH better than the 2004 1/2 Passat sedan I replaced it with, the engine is amazing! I was worried it would be a dog, this thing flies... 

Great gas mileage. 2.0t Lengine. smooth ride and manual shades.

The radio sounds great, shades for the backseat passengers. Stylish classy exterior and plenty of room inside. 

Sirius Satellite Radio, sound system, auto hold, heated seats, 210 ft lbs of torque, gas mileage, storage space with wagon.

Handling, comfort, satellite radio, sunroof. I like the sunshades, very nice touch.

The steering wheel mounted paddle shifters are a nice touch, although I haven't had much opportunity to experiment with them yet. I also like the built in I-Pod jack and the steering wheel mounted audio controls. 

6 speed manual, trip and personalization computer, new engine (late 08 introduction), tight body and suspension control of road imperfections, despite my concerns with the base radio, it sounds great - better than Infiniti Bose. Integrated rear sunshades, one touch up/down all around, power tailgate

Sound system, powerful engine, the key is really cute!

tiptronic, sports mode and appearance.

Performance, handling, comfort

good sound system, responsiveness, classy looks, roomy.

Adaptive front headlights, Dynaudio Sound System is powerful and clean, comfortable leather seats, huge truck space, great lighting package, ergonomic interior and lots of space for passengers

2.0T engine is fun to drive

'Auto Hold' feature is very useful. Umbrella holder in the well of the driver's door is a nice touch. Cruise Control is also very good, with the ability to increase or decrease speed in 5 MPH increments with one touch of the lever.

Engine responsiveness, driver memory seat, and sound system. I had the dealer program the key fob to remotely open/close the windows and close the sunroof. It's the coolest thing. 

Turbo, sound system, exterior of the car

Quiet, smooth, fast and responsive ride.

v-tec seating surfaces, sound system, driving position, rear leg room, engine responsiveness, smooth shifting transmission.

The turbo and the seats.

MPG, rear and side Shades, aux. input, auto tranny with tiptronic.

Acceleration, comfort, handling.

The 2.0T is a fantastic engine! I can't believe how frugal it is with MPG, yet so VERY responsive, and smooth. Parking sensor is useful in Boston. It is a very good looking car inside and out, with classic lines. The interior space is roomy. plush, and quiet. The LUX stereo is really wonderful.

The engine is frugal on gas, yet so very smooth, seamless, and fast. I really can't believe its only a 2.0! The space is great for my young family. the LUX core premium sound is fantastic! The parking assist is useful in Boston. The seats (backs too) are outstandingly comfortable. 

V-tec Seating (have had people mistake it for real leather), the 12-way power drivers seat with power lumbar, the electric parking brake and the key fob "key". Seat design is beautiful and comfortable. Glove box - impressed with drop-down shelf for owners manual: leaves lots of room in glove box.

Sat radio is wonderful to have. Driver power seat can be adjusted to the smallest detail. Center arm rest can be adjusted to fit the height the driver prefers to rest right arm. The dual sun visors and rear window sunshades are very useful and clever touches. Radio mute button on steering wheel.



Manual tranny feel (compared to other VWs), engine power and efficiency, and electro-mechanical steering.

The interior cabin is intuitive and I love the red colored dash in the evening. I would never have guessed this car to only be a 4 cylinder...but this engine is zero to sixty in 6.9sec...faster than the overhyped Accord!!!! The parking sensor is great..and I love the iPod adapter in the glove box!

Especially, 2.0Turbo which made power and fuel economy 

Powerful motor, interiors, very fast car.

Comfortable seating, sound system, easy controls, onboard computer although most of the time readings are incorrect. 

Power, refinement, balance, fuel economy, room, build quality. Also, this is the best application of 'electronic power steering' I've seen yet- great road feel!

tiptronic trans., sport mode gear, auto hold, infant sun curtain, leatherette seat, full size spare tire, high speed tire.

2.0T engine, ride quality, materials, rear seat room, European design, 6 speed!

iPod adapter, interior lighting, leather seating

Engine... feels like no other 4 cyl. I've ever been behind. Also, the 12 way power seats on both driver and passenger side is a great addition. 

Thoughtful amenities abound; compass, outside temp, satelite radio, sunshades, auto liftgate all the rest.

Many useability luxury touches such as memory seats tied to FOB. V6 delivers a LOT of power. Nice soft leather seats, impeccable interior. Excellent safety features such as directional HID headlamps, and turning lights. GPS well integrated with MFD. Kicking audio.

Engine is strong and powerful. Great brakes and very good interior design,

Lighting is perfect. Exterior and interior styling is very nice. Wheels are beautiful. Interior room is fine for our family of 5 (at least around town).

4-Motion, AFS Xenon lights, auto hatch lift.

Dash- I drive a lot at night. Power- never have to worry about a merge. Stereo- good sound factory or not. Ipod controller. 4wheel ABS is seemless. Paddle shift. Tiptronic rocks!

Acceleration, handling, tiptronic 6 speed trans, 18" rims, leather memory seats, heated seats heat quickly, dual climate a/c, dyno audio/satellite/6 disc cd/iPod connector radio, auto hold feature, cool interior red LED lighting and one of my favorite features is the adj. armrest.

The best features are the large back seats, at nearly 6' I can put the drivers seat in a comfortable, relaxed position and still have room to stretch out in the back. The MP3 format CD player allows over 150 tracks per CD, and the sound system is excellent.

2.0t engine, fuel economy (36 on hwy, 24-26 in town - helps make up for 91 octane fuel cost), ride, power hatch, looks, etc.

6spd-auto tranny,heated and very comfortable seats, efficient but powerful 4 cyl turbo. Handles like sports car.

Everything is great from the sound system to the performance tires and wheels to the quick spooling turbo especially on "S" mode it moves.

Tiptronic/paddle shifters, ergonomic seating, push-to-start key, auto hold, auto lift gate.

Tiptronic transmission, automatic climate control, leather seats, turbo power, gas mileage.

DSG transmission with paddle shifters. The iPod adapter is truly plug and play. Another favorite is the satellite radio.

My favoirte feature to this vehicle is the seats and room length for legs on the driver seat. Let's not forget, navigation systems, sound system and the CD holder in the glove department. Very well designed. 

Good mileage. Good backseat space. Soft leather. Cool key. Great stereo (Dynaudio).

Pick-up, leatherette seats, it's a head turner on a college campus, affordability, legroom, tuning potential, solid feel, good handling for its size, the "ESP Off" button.

2.0T engine, 6 speed tiptronic, space, styling and European ride.

