Interrior lighting, keyless entry, the engine is phenominal, AWD system, heated seats

Handling, speed and mileage (30 on the highway).

The total package just works. Real Synergy.

Nice interior finishes, good sound system.

POWER, so fast. When you're driving 90, it feels like you're driving 45. AWD is phenomenal in the winter. I can plow through six inches of snow and get up the hill in my driveway no problem. 

I love the power, limited slip, sound system, lack of maintenance (and cost), heated seats are a must, bluetooth, and Assist.

Excellent handling. Sharp looking.

Handling, performance, auto lights.

The twin turbo. Bluetooth is better than wife's Audi by a mile. I get comments about the clarity. Adaptive headlights are great and LED's on door handles is a nice touch. iDrive is great after the first couple days. It's easier than Audi's MMI in my opinion. Maintenance plan.

Bluetooth, Ipod adapter, sport seats are a must have for comfort, push button start/stop.

The ENGINE! The ENGINE! Oh ya, one more thing - The ENGINE!

Wonderous turbo engine!! Always has power and torque on demand even in 6th gear. Great tranny! Handles like a dream. Rich interior. Room for 4. Hardtop makes owning a convertible in Oregon possible. Sport seats that hug you tight. Great heater and htd. seats for top down weather in the 50s.

Top down, hardtop, great cruise control, wonderful seats, nice sounding engine, Love that it's AT, but I can pretend to have manual with the paddle shifters. When 4 yo saw the top go down he called it a "transformer car". Two toddler seats fit in the back seats with the car headrests taken out.

The automatic has great "pick-up" and the car hugs the road. It is a great car for major metropolitan areas as accelerating is never a problem and one can fit into most parking spaces but the inside is pleasantly roomy.

The tilting side mirror for backup, auto dimming mirrors, head light sprayers, bluetooth.

Material quality is tops, unbelievable handling and driver feel, beautiful subtle exterior style, free maintenance, German attention to detail (e.g., able to run the vent/heater while car is parked), safety, European delivery, iDrive (not nearly as difficult as rumoured), BMW concierge.

Suspension and handling; engine smoothness and torque; styling; seats;, adaptive headlights; sound system and iPod integration; Bluetooth; surprising rear seat room and comfort, though access is difficult for a six-footer, and likely impossible for someone older. 

Sport package is fantastic. Tight, nimble handling, but not at all a harsh ride. 6 speed manual is also crisp and fun to drive.

Good acceleration, power top mechanism. Good handling, good visibilty with the top up. Maintenance program like no other. Fit and finish. Great colors. Quietness. 

Engine, handling, stability, and the sound (Logic 7) is great. Surprising comfort in the back seat.

The option of man. shifter. Xenon lights are cool, traction in the winter, and smooth, and quiet acceleration. 

Turbo engine, interior lighting, interior leather (saddle in my car), sound system, shifter

Engine performance; stereo; handling.

The iDrive. The steptronic transmission in that you do not have to manually shift in the sport mode, it just revs higher. Comfort access, Bluetooth is amazing. Can use my iPhone via bluetooth with the built in iPod at the same time. Trunk space.

Adaptive headlights are great for night driving. Bluetooth works perfect. Handling.

Looks. Color combo. Sports package. Xenon. Compliments I receive. Seats. Performance.

300hp twin-turbo! Nav w/iPod. No more flipping thru CD books! Comfort access. Seats are remarkably comfortable, even on long road trips! Did I mention the engine... AMAZING!

Acceleration and fuel economy for the power. Handling, quiet ride. Great growl from dual exhausts when you step on it. But quiet for highway cruising.

Power, looks, great handling.

Love the navigation system, integrated iPod, comfort access which makes opening and closing so easy. Love the optional halogen turning headlights, and the panoramic roof. I have almost 4600 miles in three months and have had NO problems at all.

Nicer body style that he old one. The iPod integration is the nicest feature that this car has that others don't. Great horsepower and one touch folding side mirrors. The premium package is good value for the car, it's worth every penny.

Nav, interior, trunk space, excellent all around car, sporty and luxurious. 

Engine, steering, transmission and sport seats.

Acceleration, handling, both interior and exterior fit and finish. I can't feel any turbo lag. iDrive is actually pretty easy, have your dealer go through it during delivery. iPod/USB interface is great, and the heated seats are best ever--there are three temp settings for a reason! 

Hardtop convertible

Bluetooth; iPod USB adapter and other electronics; overall handling; comfort of seats.

The ride & handling. The rock solid feel of the car.

Engine: Amazing power and sounds great. Xi drive: Makes the car a far more dependable commuter in poor weather. iDrive: Maybe there are other systems that are easier to use, but the integrated nav, iPod controller, phone is fantastic. Dynamic re-routing around traffic disruptions is great.

Hard top convertible, speed, looks, sound system.

The engine, shifter, handling, leather, quality, electronics etc. 

Handling, power, AWD and bluetooth.

Everything. I really like the analog fuel needle.

Are you ready for this - I actually like iDrive. And there are so many clever little features that make the car worth it. The quality of the interior is excellent. Folding rear seats. Included maintenance plan.

The leather smells great. Love how it hugs the road and the push button start is pretty cool too. My favorite feature is the cooling cup holder in the console.

iDrive, nav system, heated seats (too powerful), great engine and good has milage for power. Willing trans with paddle shifters. Comfortable seats. Comfort access cool to use while standing next to car and lowering top. Runs right to redline if you floor it and hold it. 

The power of the 300 turbo charged engine. City MPG is less than 15 however. It will run nicely on the middle grade of gasoline.

Bluetooth compatability, ipod integration, rain sensing wipers are all nice, but the driving characteristics are the favorite features hands down. 

The way the car corners or takes off on a dime! The car drives like a dream and is so smooth and quiet. The bluetooth feature works great even at high speeds on the tollway.

Factory installed iPod connector works so much better than old version on X3. Seats are very supoortive and comfortable. Visibility excellent.

The Logic 7 sound system, the "transformer" top, the twin turbo power, the exceptional handling and the overall comfort and features. The iPod option is great and HD radio has phenomenal sound, but we are in a fringe area and it is annoying when it switches in and out. 

IDrive is great. Love the comfort access. Real cool to lower roof while standing next to car. Wind blocker is amazing. Power of course. Handling is scary its so good. Seat heaters super powerful. Looks of course. Had people at gas stations compliment the car. Bluetooth works well for Treo

POWER! Twin turbos. Neck snappingly fast. Insanely fun to drive. Sound of the exhaust and motor at 5,000 RPMS. All wheel drive. Bluetooth and voice recognition. IPod display on the navigation is sweet. Heated seats get warm very fast. 22.6 MPG. And above all, the driving experience.

Engine, suspension, and nicely designed interior.

The power, and the sporty look.

All wheel drive, wonderful engine, comfortable interior, and how the car is totally set up for the driver.

Engine. The engine is magnificent. 

Everything.



The overall rock solid ride quality.

Paddle shifters (came with sport package) and iPod USB interface (had dealer throw in for free). A new feature from last year that is nice is when the car is locked you can open your door without actually unlocking it as long as your key is in your pocket. Just pull on the handle twice!

Exterior and interior design, steering and handling. Sport seats and steering wheel. Kidney grill, Comfort Access and LED puddle lamps. Xenons and corona rings. Bluetooth for iPhone and USB for iPod connectivity.

Love the interior design and the use of materials. The Dakota leather smells sooo good you can taste it. Sound system is excellent. The coupe's exterior has a much sleeker look than the sedan and it looks like it's ready to take off even parked in the drive.

HD Radio + Logic 7 stereo = freaking awesome. Bluetooth integration is great. Comfort access makes you feel like a rock star. Hill-holding clutch is amazing. 

Auto-dimming mirrors that really work. Styling. Puddle lamps under door handles. One-touch power windows on all 4 doors. Rain-sensing wipers. I never realized how loud my other car is until I got used to this one. Perfect package!

Retractable hard top. Turning headlights. The iPod jack. Automatic wipers.

Torque and power. Never had a car this smooth. It truly feels like I am driving the "older" 3M class.

Handling, throttle response, quietness. Nav system. wish car had folding rear seats - mine did not have this option.

Sport seats, iPod interface, traffic updates on nav, headlights, low-light red interior lighting on the door panels, Logic7 stereo, iDrive - yes iDrive. Sound of the exhaust/engine on acceleration, steering feel, high speed road manners.

The iDrive is awesome. I figured out how to use it on my first drive home, never had to open a manual. If you can work a blackberry and a GPS, this will be a breeze. Convertible.

Multi, "Auto / Manual" transmission is awesome! Handles well at high speeds.

Looks, performance, handling, sound system.

Handling, orange light display, winter pkg, love how the angles of the car are the same inside as outside. Tilting passenger mirror when backing up. Cooled cup holder is cool but in a bad spot.

Acceleration is excellent. Fuel mileage is good - 20 city and 24 highway. Bluetooth seems to work well.

Mileage, performance, design, handling OK - I hope it will improve when I replace RFTs.

1. Navigation system with iDrive controls. 2. Run-flat tires 3. Folding mirrors 4. Interior design and materials 5. Fuel economy 6. Most favorite - driving performance!

Sport seats, iPod integration, handling and road feel, shifter and pivoting headlights. Build quality is great - car feels extremely solid.

Handling, auto headlights, rain sensor

Bluetooth

Exhaust note, hands down. Makes the G35 sound puny.

IPod adapter, handling, braking, comfort. Looks great, inside and out. BMW all about the drive. Dash and computers are relatively easy to read.

Performance of the twin turbo engine. Stereo. Good looks. Crisp shifts when driven in sport mode. The readability of the dash/nav in bright light is excellent. I actually like the cupholders.

Looks, driving and interior. Car feels great when it's in the zone.

Terrific audio system. Heated seats are great. Adjustable seats are very comfortable. Also, love being able to start the car without having to use a key - the comfort access is a must-have feature. Interior ambient lighting is very cool looking! Retractable side mirrors are a great feature. 

I like almost everything about the car. The six speed manual transmission is smooth and has a nice short throw. In 6th, the car lopes along at 80. The slightly larger size and power is nice. Even the leatherette looks good and is easy to keep clean.

So many to name, from the seats (sport pkg) to the engine (smooth and musical) to the steering to the styling of the coupe that turns heads even in LA when my car is a dime a dozen. Its truly a wonderful, complete design that truly speaks of BMW's heritage.

Xenon adaptive headlights--cool; the cruise control is awesome, especially how it brakes the car on downhills; bluetooth is amazing; I have the iPod adapter, which works quite well.

Handling, gearbox, standard stereo (10 speakers - I didn't even know I had that many), engine, gas mileage, styling, tires.

Powerful engine, bluetooth, the stereo system is really nice. 

Driving with the roof down / the comfort access feature to lower the roof from key. With the optional wind blocker for the back seat (a must buy) you can hear the radio, not feel blown away, and have a conversation with the top down up to 80 mph +. It should be illegal to drive with the roof up.

What's not to like?

premium package: folding mirrors come in handy on tiny streets; the side mirrors adjust when in Reverse and again in Drive (when backing up). Bluetooth is very convenient! Heated seats, comfort access. EVERYTHING.

engine, performance and short turning radius.

Heated seats, iPod interface, folding mirrors (I park in a tight, dark garage at work), and the auto/manual transmission. The "backup" sensor has also saved me a few times from wall to bumper interaction (also due to the above mentioned garage).

Nav system, iDrive, iPod, bluetooth, steptronic transmission, and the feeling you get when you hit the pedal to the metal!

Acceleration & handling; hard top convertible (quiet like a coupe with the top up); iDrive a lot better than expected and I can see it with my Polaroid sunglasses on. It drives like a dream.

Exhaust note! Twin turbo engine, brakes will definitely save you from accidents. transmission is smooth. 

Handling, power, feel, quietness, solidity.

Refined and responsive drivetrain, RWD handling, comfortable seats and driving position, interior and exterior lighting, sporty interior, look and feel of Sport steering wheel, Sirius, flexibility of fold down rear seats, very effective climate control and visibility in all weather conditions.

Hardtop, sport susp, premium pkg, nav. Love everything!

iPod connection, Comfort Access, smooth & powerful 300 hp engine, great design (coral red leather is an eye-catcher), no turbo lag, Logic7 systems (sounds amazingly clear)

Bluetooth, iPod, paddle shifters, sport seats, stereo, speed, braking.

Engine, interior, top operation, stereo, overall performance with comfort. 

Power, power seatbelts, smart windshield wipers, interior, exterior styling

Beautiful styling, power, handling.

Suspension, speed and interior.

Top operation, performance, handling and paint quality. Stereo is great even with top down on the freeway. 

Sports tuned suspension, high performance tires, high torque at low rpm, drop dead gorgeous looks esp with the fog lamps on at night. I own a black on black with manual transmission and sports package. I feel that's the best set up for someone that loves to drive and knows how to appreciate a car!

Performance, handling, comfort, interior design, iDrive, and of course the LOOKS

Acceleration/power, iPod interface, back seat roomier than expected, cockpit appearance at night.

Styling, comfort, "touch" entry, handling

The iPod USB adapter and my navigation system. The upgrades they made to the Navi with real time traffic and restaurant guides is really nice.

Gas mileage: 35mpg w/5 people+luggage @80 mph! Brakes: phenomenal. Visibility: very good. Cup holders: Germans cannot design cup holders. Noise: insulation is brilliant! (Engine sound is music, not noise.) Lighting: cool looking under-handle door lamps, angry twin ring head lights. Feel factor: 10/10.

Highly refined exterior and interior, world class motor, excellent sound system, designed to take the "twisties" with authority! 

The iDrive; Bluetooth; iPod adapter

Fun to drive.

Exterior design, dash lay out, firm seats which are quickly heated in the winter, great acceleration and fabulous brakes.

Keyless ignition, flip back window, lighted door handles.

I love just about everything with the car! The powerful turbo charged engine and the tight handling top the list. But I love the rain sensing wipers, the satelite radio, the heated seats, and the blue tooth just to name a few!

Turbo engine, Xdrive system,quality of workmanship, iPod adapter, overall feeling I get from this car.

It handles like no other car in its class. The acceleration is pretty impressive. The iPod interface is a real good feature. Bluetooth is a great feature. I like it so much I don't even mind the gong for seatbelts and doors ajar. The run flats are not as bad as some have suggested.

Great power plant, suspension, perfect weight/balance, beautiful front profile, great seats, simple/elegant interior. 

Styling, quiet ride, handling, comfort, sound system.

BMW paid great attention to little things, such as tilting passenger side mirror in reverse, cruise control indicator on speedometer, highly adjustable seats, programmable automatic ventilation when engine is off (hot day in sun), good gas mileage for class, ventilated center storage.

Sound system, comfort access, and handling.



The look and style of the coupe. The pro-logic surround system. The smooth shifting auto and the sports car feel. Great navigation system.

I love everything about this car, including the integrated cupholders and iDrive. Do yourself a big favor and test drive this car before you buy anything else.

The engine - oh my is it fast! x-drive just sticks to the road, bad weather is not concerning at all (no snow driving yet though). iPod integration, the robot arm that hands you your seatbelt, the on board monitoring and built-in assist service, the sport seats, just about everything.

Pro Logic sound sound system, the best system on the market.

The beautiful red leather seats. iDrive is much easier than people think. The concierge is a great feature. Bluetooth. 

I originally was thinking of buying the 328i but when I drove the 335i, all logic flew out the window. The 300hp, twin turbo engine makes this car what it is. Thinking of passing a car? No waiting, it happens right now! Instantaneous, smooth, powerful, and ridiculously scary in how fast it is.

The way the car feels.The roar of the engine and hum of the exhaust. My wife and I get so much attention.

Handling, rock solid chasis ( like a German bank vault!), engine, headlights, traction control,comfort access (look Ma - no keys!),and the wonderful feel and smell of that leather! Best of all - no high pressure add on sales pitch from the finance manager!!

The DSC and DTC plus other active control features are incredible. The bluetooth integration and adjustable seating features are also favorites. The driver can select which features to activate and can fine tune most settings.

Retractible hard top roof.

Handling, navigation system, iPod direct, comfort access, Sirius radio, memory seats, cargo space in wagon, panoramic moon roof, feeling secure in AWD.

The engine would have to be near the top of the list, smooth seamless power from 2000 all the way to red line. I have owned many cars and have never owned one that would just continue to pull no matter what gear you are in like this car.

Automatic wipers.

Clutch easy to engage, shifter feels relatively short, and secure. Steering wheel with the sports package. Useable low-end torque.

Stupid fast, looks amazing, build quality is impeccable, 27mpg, bi-xenon headlamps dramatically increase vision, leather is like a gift from the gods

