All wheel drive...saved me several times last winter.

Fuel mileage.

AWD, stereo, gas mileage.

The moonroof is my favorite, and I enjoy the spaciousness of the front passenger side on long car rides (I just put the seat all the way back and put my feet up on the dash and I'm so comfy)! We also like the Ipod hook up and extra spaces throughout to store things.

Best AWD system in the world, handles bad weather with ease, boxer engine, excellent transmission, dual sunglasses holders, and it's a Subaru!

Good visibility from the windshield to the larger than avg. side view mirrors to the wide rear view window. Ease of the hatch door to open. The dark gray color and contrasting trim gives a handsome profile. I especially like the dashboard compartment for driver ease of reach.

Turbo engine, sporty firm ride, crisp shifting manual trans.

Small size, good visibility all around, manuverable. 

Great visibility, runs well so far after initial start-up, handles nicely. Very similiar in styling to my 2000. 

Styling, visibility, drivability.

AWD, Subaru build quality and realiability, high quality interior

Sun roof, smooth shift and clutch, cornering and handling, eats up the bumps

Sunroof, heated seats, MP3 hookup, AWD, trunk tray, nice floor mats, great rear vision with no blind spots, large front windshield. 

Sports trim level, turbo, hood scoop, moonroof, aux input. Stereo also sounds good with subwoofer; you can hear it easily with the windows and moonroof open.

Power doors, windows, and storage.

The cargo space and roominess. 

Extra large moonroof, two sunglass case holders, copious amounts of storage, bins, tall ride height, handling, fuel economy. Long seat cushions give good thigh support. Styling is handsome inside and out, not overly-styled and extremely functional; turn signals in the mirrors are a classy touch

Classic design, awd, size/shape, visibility, oversize side mirrors with flashers, seats, amazing sunroof, practicality, leather steering wheel,shifter,brake handle, stereo. Perhaps my favorite feature is the overall value, both at purchase and at resale. Love the reliability of Subies.

Visibility. Sun roof. Dimming mirror (I thought it was silly at first). Hill holder clutch (thought it was silly, but now I don't need to curse at the automatic drivers who love to stop short of the hill crests in SF).

Speed.

AWD, fuel economy, appearance, expected reliability, trade in value.

The AWD. The boxer engine. The handling. The room.

The 6-disc player and sunroof are my favorite features. Power driver's seat is great. Also, I didn't think I would like the heated seats, but after trying them a few times, they are nice. The rear bumper protector is also nice. Newport Blue is such a great color! 

The panoramic sun room is breath taking, despite the wind noise which can be hushed from adding the deflector. Suspension is very nimble and acceleration is awesome... just like driving a sport luxury sedan.

Moon roof, 6 CD changer, smooth shifting, gearing, fuel economy, hill holder function, lively clutch, good power, pretty quiet ride, comfortable seats especially 8 way power driver seat.

Mileage and the cargo space.

Sunroof and the heated seats. I also like the 6 CD player.

Seats, interior finish, price, torque, ride, predicted reliability record from CR. Cool allow wheels for the sports model. It is fun to drive.

Exterior size and shape, alloy wheels, leather steering wheel/shifter/hand brake, solidity, all-wheel drive, storage capacity, CD changer, seat fabric, visibility, turning radius, projected reliability, dealer experience, large side mirrors, compass.

