The look - Very hot! XM radio is nice and the car is very roomy - fits my 2 children perfectly.

The XE6 with sunroof and power driver seat has all the right stuff to make the car a comfortable and great handling travelling car. 

interior design and leather seats. also the factory wheel size is nice. 

None

Handling and ease getting into trafic

Cargo space with the back seats down is fantastic. Lots of features for the money. Doors open wide for easy access. Remote with illuminated entry and trunk release is great. Styling is spot on overall. Drives like a 3-series BMW but with features of a top model.

engine,heated seats, paddle shifting, handling 

1-sun roof- 2-sound system- 3 leather seats heated. 

Like like the sun roof and the volume, speed .... controls located on the wheel.

Customer conviences; adjustable arm rest, get storage, additional info on the steering wheel, great trunk space, and most importantly comfort.

OnStar, great audio system. Great built in cell phone. Comfortable seats. Great dash displays.

Love the heated seats and the foot pedals move that helps for my shorter than me wife. Rides so well.

Styling - I've never had so many people stare at a car that I bought. Handling - very crisp and effortless. Peformance - Don't think you need the higher priced 6 cylinder engine as this car has more than enough get up and go! Fit and finish - things fit the way they should and looks good doing it

Looks are very good. Fit and finish are good. Performance is good. Value for the dollars seems above average and this vehicle truly fits the description of a sport sedan. This car is very quiet and has no rattles or squeaks. Gives me the impression of a more expensive vehicle.

The 3.6 V6 and 6 speed transmission are well matched. The paddle shifters are a hoot. OnStar is neat. Good climate control. Seat comfort is very good.

252 hp DOHC engine from the CTS w/6speed and tapshift. Sport tuned suspension that isn't harsh. Laminated quiet glass, heated seats, auto dimming mirror, climate control. Safety features - Stabilitrak, 5 star crash test ratings, 3 sets of latch hooks for child seats.

OnStar, interior,

Power, styling and comfort.

I love my remote start 

Two-tone leather

Incredibly quiet and smooth ride. The quality interior is beautifully designed and laden with features. The engine feels like a V6 and gets great fuel economy. Our color combo, shadow grey exterior with light grey/nickel silver accented interior is simply striking. Car has a great s

Engine and transmission are very smooth. The heated seats warm up quickly. The remote start is great. Looks more upscale.

I love the engine, the exterior looks, the sound system, and the quiet interior.

-XM Radio -LED Lights -Chrome -Powerful Engine -Currently averaging 26mpg in City

The looks, it turns on a dime and it gets really good gas milage for being a V6 (although the response time could be slightly better. By bf has a Nissan Maxima and I can really tell the difference in the acceleration betwn his V6 and mine). LOVE the safety features! All in all I think it is great!

Looks, ride and comfort. love the X-M radio and sun roof.very large trunk.

Styling of the car, roomy and comfortable interior, absolutely a joy to drive.

OnStar, XM radio, heated seats, remote starter!

Great design of the windows. Great visisbility. Anti glare mirrors are the best thing ever.

The six speed transmission with the proven 252hp, 3.6L, 24-valve, DOHC, V6 engine. The heated leather seats are very comfortable and are looking forward to using the moon roof during the summer months.

V6 engine, tap shifting, quiet ride, good looks, 18" wheels

Heated seats, sun roof and V-6 engine

V6 power, overall interior layout, 18" wheels, ambient lighting, dual exhaust, remote start, OnStar, XM radio

The look of the car inside and out.



Love the interior and exterior design. Also enjoy the light show on start up as well as the ambient lighting at night. Satellite radio, Onstar, remote start and sunroof are nice touches as well. Another favorite feature of this car is that it is so rare to see one since it is only 2 years old. 

Exterior styling, roomy interior, 3.5 v6l power plant. Handling, really noise free. Price!

The red jewel paint color, interior detail, OnStar, smooth ride and hubcaps that look like real rims. The standard stereo sounds good for a factory unit.

Dual paddle shifters, 3.6 liter engine,power pedals, solid sound system,morocco leather interior, 18- inch, multi-spoke wheels, dual,chrome- tipped exhaust and ample interior and trunk space head the list of my favorite features. 

Carbon flash paint is beautiful, warm dash lighting, great traction

Separate rear seat audio, mood lights over console and door handles, rear leg room and trunk space, paddle shifts and DIC (Driver Information Center) it tells you everything about the car's status from oil life to tire pressures. 

Styling, performance of the V6, quietness of the cabin, MPG

Power with wheels to match. Leather two-tone comfortable seats. Side turn signal markers for extra safety.

The raked roofline. The paint job is also 1st rate. 

Morocco brown leather, paddle shifters, built-in phone, remote start, looks, quietness, engine refinement

Quiet ride that competes with cars costing $20k more; fit-to-finish excellent.

Exterior styling, interior styling, and of course great gas mileage

Handling, styling, V6 fuel economy and performance.

Leather seating is and fake wood grain dash give it an upscale look. Along with plenty of room and good gas mileage.

Everything, upgraded to the better rims, sunroof, leather. Like the OnStar, sceptical at first but it really is a nice feature. My wife has Verizon so we added the dedicated phone in the car to her account, no more dropped calls in the car.

Can you say 18" rims? Love that! The ambient lighting, the remote start, the overall distinctive look of the exterior, the rear seat radio...my girls love that, V6 has lots of power, OnStar is pretty cool with the phone feature although I never use it 

Fuel economy, styling, quietness, ride, handling, comfort, spaciousness

The body style, European styling, XM radio, lots of power, great handling, leather seats, easy to get in and out of parking spaces.

My XM radio. My foot pedals, & break pedals that move up to me. The 2 tone seats, the style of the car, everything.

OnStar, turn by turn navigation, tire pressure monitoring, instant fuel economy, XM radio, quiet sunroof, eye catching design.



I love the factory remote start, the heated cloth seats, and how many features the radio has. OnStar is a very welcomed feature, along with all of the airbags. Coupled with the secure handling, I feel very safe and comfortable on the road.

I own an ipod for my music. I now own an Aura for my travels. Both are intuitive and adapt to me naturally. Oh and both are the result of a commitment to be the best.

I love all the channels on XM radio. Front seats are very comfortable. Overall build quality. Can't wait to use heated seats and remote start this winter! Trip computer. 

OnStar is great, especially when I can make a hands-free call. Having sattelite radio has transformed my driving experience into a cultural and educational experience! The cup and coin holders are also real handy. Great job GM!

Looks great. Has character; not sterile and common. Quiet. Smooth. Price/financing very good. Warranty very good. Crash test results good. 

Smooth acceleration, ultra quiet interior, awesome interior lighting, luxury exterior, OnStar & XM radio, all the safety airbags



The Inside lights with the ambient lighting. The sound system is good to. And of course, who doesn't like horespower? I have no complaints. 

The exterior and interior styling. The well laid out dash/radio/cd/heater. The 18 inch multispoke wheels look great, ride great

Comfortable interior; smooth ride; nice V6 power. For a Saturn, a surprisingly striking exterior.

Exterior style, power, all the bells and whistles, fit and finish, decent economy, OnStar,ambient lighting, quiet with windows up (not so much with them down)

Great stereo. Holds the road very well. I love all the controls on the steering wheel, especially the information I can get by pressing the "Information" button on the steering wheel. You can even get the tire pressure by pressing this button! That alone is an awesome feature, saves time/hassle

The paddle shifters. The radio is awesome. 

Nice option packages make for some great features on this reasonably priced car. Remote start and satellite radio. 

I love the "get up and go" offered on this car. The exterior looks amazing and the interior finishes are similar to luxury imports. I love the Onstar and turn by turn navigation, built in xm and the leather is top notch. The trunk holds a large baby stroller as well as luggage and a pack n play.

Spunky 252hp/V-6, Interior room, On-Star turn-by-turn navigation.

XM radio, 17" wheels, interior finish, styling, comfortable seats, smooth shift transmission, quiet interior,ambient lights

Sound system, the quiet cabin, the wonderful gas mileage (regular gas) OnStar; XM radio

Interior design, very quiet on the road, plenty of pick up for a 2.4

Styling, exterior build quality, quietness, acceleration, stereo, remote start, thick steering wheel, handling.

Overall style and performance

The moroccan brown inside is so awesome-makes for a nice change. Love the moon roof one touch button, next favorite-heated seats! Extremely nice sound system built in.

Exterior styling, quiet interior, decent base stereo. Unexpected features (cargo nets, "mood" lighting, telescoping wheel, auto-up window. 4- cylinder has good power. Tons of safety features.

Good marriage between engine and tranny. Good road feel in the XR. Quiet cabin. Decent radio/XM. Good wheel based buttons - cruise, info system, radio, etc. TPMS. Adjustable pedals with tilt/telescope wheel makes finding a fit a breeze. 

Styling, comfort and good mileage for its size. My wife drives an Accord, but this Aura gets all the good comments. 

Looks, driveability, fuel economy, ride. 4 cly engine is not under powered.

Sports car handling; folding rear seat access to trunk area; wireless rear seat audio headphones; very low interior noise level.

Heated seats, great. Sunroof one touch & the wind noise mask-Great. Both drivers rear view mirrors auto dimming-Great. No trunk braces to dig into luggage- Great. MP3 jack-Great. Speed (mph) adjusted wiper speed-Great. One touch up & down driver window-Great. Auto volume adjust-Great. & so on & so on.

OnStar, XM radio and lumbar adjustment.

Comfort & ease of handling. Good visibility from behind the wheel. Gas pedals and brake adjust to fit driver.

Heated cloth seats, illuminated door handles, remote start, big sunroof, steering wheel audio and cruise controls, , unique exterior styling, and love the red jewel tint-coat color.

Design, interior, comfort, price. Looks like an A6, Lexus, and even a Chysler 300 minus the bad attitude. 

Its appearance interior and exterior; XM radio, heated seats, roominess.

Overall style, OnStar, remote start, just enough chrome accents, handling, horsepower, and love how quiet it is. 

Hands free calling is awsome! Very comfortable ride and handling. It is so quiet. Steering wheel audio controls are well placed as is infor center and cruise control.

Classy looks. Deep Blue paint with Morocco Brown leather interior. Roomy back seat, huge trunk big enough for 2 sets of clubs. Performance! Love the paddle shifters

The whole car, it is a beatifull thing.

18" wheels and rims, Moroccan interior, roominess, power and ride.The metalic black is very attractive with just the right amount of chrome trim in the XR model and remote start.

Comfort, OnStar is great

Heated seats, styling both inside and out. Good low end torque which allows decent acceleration without needing to rev the snot out of the engine. 29 to 33 highway MPG. Kickin stereo. Excellent handling. smooth, quiet, powerful

Radio with aux input

I would have to say I have a few favorite features like the heated seats and the remote start.

The tap shifters -- since the car shifts whenever it wants to anyway, I leave the car in Drive, and use the shift buttons to pretend they operate a machine gun like WW1 sopwith camel!

