the dash board looked cool.. 

the ipod jack, cruise control, AC, power locks and windows, tons of room! good mpg, good stock sound system (i drove a 1973 Chevy Nova for almost 5 years, you learn to appreciate the small things)

the engine isnt a little pansy it actually has some get up and go



Mileage per gallon, Stereo system has good sound, adequate power to get into traffic, leg room for a small car, maneuverability in traffic and parking lot is good.

Styling is nice and is overall a nice looking car. Except for the 1-2 gear shifting it's not bad to drive.

It is fun to drive, handles well and has a lot of room inside for a small car. 



Aux. port, comfy seats - great on long drives, hatchback - so nice for moving large things, windshield washer - one gallon actually fits in there, usually you fit in 0.9 gallons and end up throwing some or saving it in your car. Personal pet peeve. Sunroof - I'm gonna miss my sunroof. Silver pedals

Cruise control

Everything is nicely laid out and comfortable.

Quiet in town and on the hwy. Great mpg. Fun to drive with smooth manual transmission. Great stereo w/aux jack for my oldest son's MP3 player. Roomy and comfortable enough for road trips with my wife and 2 kids.

Remote door locks. I like that I have cruise control, even with a stick shift. Gas mileage is terrific. I like the center console design... it has two separate compartments that I tend to use a lot. I like the fact that I know I have all those airbags in the car for me and my passengers.

Nice exterior and interior, stainless steel pedals, and also, the roadside assistance people were extremely helpful&friendly when my car got stuck in a snowbank...I'm a young woman and was traveling alone when it got stuck on the thruway, and they stayed on the phone with me until I calmed down

Price, suspension, turning, high quality stock tires, decent acceleration, awesome top speeds, easily modified stereo (rear speakers excluded).

Everything is in such easy reach for the driver. Very, very safe car.

Dashboard layout, ergonomics, lumbar support for driver's seat, folding rear seats, additional cupholders in door pockets, safety features (side curtain airbags a rarity at this price point). Since the crash testing, I think the company added an extra bulkhead for rear crash protection.

The Electric Orange paint, the smooth quiet ride, and the overall stylish look of the car.

Comfortable ride and agile handling, quiet engine and interior, good looks, 4-wheel disk brakes, great gas mileage, price, warranty, and dealer care.

Appearance, interior styling and comfort, Auto-Off headlights

Remote start, great radio/ cd player

Nice acceleration, easy to reach controls.

Fun to drive! Solid built car! I feel confident this will be a dependable long lasting vehicle! 

The gas mileage!! It's rated for about 34 mpg, but I routinely get 40+ mpg. I drive a stick shift, and I'm sure that helps a little bit. The gas mileage does take a bit of a dip, though, when the AC is used. During a particularly hot week here, I got 32 mpg with the AC on Max.

Stereo excellent and flexible, dash well designed - easy to see details, steering wheel nice with leather. Outside of car is sharp, and I notice people giving it a double take when passing by. Great wheels, body flares, chrome exhaust tip, metal pedals and spoiler. Doors & tail gate easy to open.

You don't feel it shift witch is a plus! Mirrors are self defrost witch helps in the winter time. 

Strong Warranty. This particular model comes fully equipped with power windows, locks and mirrors. Has a decent standard radio/cd player. Tilt steering wheel. console port for IPOD or other music player. Ultimate feature was very low price compared to Japanese competitors and used cars. 

Sporty, cruise control, leather wrapped steering wheel. Added options I bought are sunroof, 6 CD changer, ABS. Really like spark blue color, long warranty, and fog lights. I also appreciate the steering wheel, which usually comes on higher upscale vehicles and SUVs. Remote keyless entry another plus

Cost and fuel efficiency

I love the sport style, the seats, the silver everywhere, the floor mats, driving pedals

The brakes are super on this car. They come on right now.

Headroom, handling, peppy, good quality build, see above. Great value for room and gas mileage. I thought I would hate driving a compact car that could get 30+ mpg, so far I'm delighted, and feel liberated. The new Saturn also looks good, while the Kia is less expensive with the rebate.

Has 6 standard airbags, great audio system, smooth ride, little wind noise, strong 4-wheel disc brakes, smooth Hyundai engine with CVVT.

Absolutely beautiful car, with a fun, fast and reliable engine. An absolute blast to drive and everything is laid out intuitively for easy access.

Very agile handling on the road. Great headlights and fog lights.

I like the cruise control it's worth the extra 200 bucks, There is plenty of trunk room even though it wouldn't appear that way looking at the outside, and the tire pressure monitoring system should come in real handy.

Just Fun! Like the sporty look of my SX. Good price! Kids like the audio input for their Ipod. I'm glad there's no buttons on the steering wheel.

Body styling and performance

Fuel Economy. The sticker says an average of 27 overall, however I have happily been getting 32MPG. 

Power Everything! Nice quiet interior, smooth ride. Drives and rides like a much bigger car. Great interior layout, comfortable seats and logical layout of all controls makes driving very intuitive. Every KIA I have owned has been rock solid on reliability, and this one seems the best built yet!

The sporty looking exterior. The smooth, yet firm suspension. The interior quality fit and finish. The MP3 auxiliary port. The attractive accents to the interior. Oh...yes...great mileage with a peppy engine. This vehicle is truly awesome. Total value for the dollar.

Like the style and utility. Sound system is very good. Loaded with options and good value.

Price, roominess, pep, 4-wheel disc brakes, and great fuel economy to boot!

MP3 aux input, cargo storage, cell phone charger compartment, numerous cupholders, gas mileage, well designed interior, comfortable seats.

