Performance, handling, perfect suspension tuning, V8 music

Hard top, HD radio, and aggressive styling vs non M BMW 3 series cars.

V8 motor! The interior is very nicely appointed and roomy although slightly understated. The look of the car is sinister especially with the Alpine White and the carbon fiber roof... VERY SEXY! The car is an absolute dream and is simply hard to beat because it does everything so perfectly! 

The gear box, engine, USB for music, looks.

Stare factor. Several people have nearly wrecked their cars trying to stare at mine. M-Mode, engine note in M mode. IControl, cool remote controlled convertible top, voice commands, handsfree phone, sat/HD radio, nav, heated seats in cool weather top down driving, thumb drive MP3 ports.

Balance between speed and handling together with comfort which far exceeds Porsche.

V8. DCT, comfort of front seats, I like nav with iDrive - Lexus wouldn't let you use the system when you driving! Sound system with USB interface.

Awesome sound system, great power, the sound of the exhaust during acceleration is addicting. The navigation works great here in central NY. 

V8. Body style. Performance. Luxury accommodations.

Sound of exhaust, speed, looks, price to features ratio

Brakes, engine (and exhaust noise at 4-5,000rpm), iDrive, comfort access, iPod integration, M button (so much easier than the two fingered salute on the E39 M5), phone integration, comfortable ride in normal mode and acceleration!

Motor, handling, EDC, looks, 19" wheels, sound system, keyless remote, retractable hard top, sound of motor @ 5k+ w/ top down! 4 yrs of free maintenance is pretty sweet too.

MDrive, quality leather, iDrive, 19" wheels w/ billet brakes, aggressive body style, classic ///M badging. Speed, speed, and more speed. All natural! My favorite part is after this comment when I go drive! Have a nice day!

V8 engine, double clutch is flawless. Sound system. Overall handling. really like the iDrive system, easy to use.

High revving engine, MDM, M steering wheel, exterior looks.

M Mode, HiFi stereo.

mDrive, EDC.

