6-disc CD Changer (I work for an audiobook catalog company and get to borrow them for free(!)). Regrettably, the only thing I DON'T like is that it lacks the iPod/mp3 jack that the 2009 has in the armrest.

Can fit a lot of stuff in it. Seats fold down flat. Comfortable for a small car. 27mpg 65/35 city/hwy. Less if more city, can push 30 if more hwy. Did a 1,200 mile trip and kept the cruise at 66 as much a possible and got over 35mpg! Been reliable so far.

Styling, gas mileage, performance, quality, ok comfort, not bad. REALLY FUN TO DRIVE and SHOW OFF. Anyone that talks smack about it, dosen't understand cars, it's a great car for the price and what it is. 

Moonroof, adjustable seats and steering wheel

The turning radius is mind-blowingly small, large cargo and passenger space, versatile and peppy little car that was so fun to drive. I'm so sad my Matrix is gone.

Cargo area with the 60/40 split back for easy fold down options. Good gas mileage. Low tire pressure warning light is handy. Fun to drive (says my teenage daughter).

The ability to get it off road because it has a small wheel base. I have driven around mudholes and rocks where others needed 4x4. 

How comfortable the seats are, the six speaker stereo system, and the sun roof! I also love how much room there is in it, and that when the seats are folded down, it's all plastic on the back, so it protects your upholstery.

None except for the gas mileage.

I like the way the car looks. It can carry whatever I want to put it it, though things slide all over that big back seat. Back seat is roomy. Don't expect to be able to reach it from the front. Acceleration is very good and gas mileage is decent. I'm getting about 28 mpg, mostly highway commuting.

Good fuel economy, roomy, perky acceleration, large cabin, good headroom, awesome steering, rides high, plus both rear seats fold flat for storage

Fuel economy, practical cargo area, fantastic dog divider, flexibility of fold-down seats and rear window, fun to drive, anticipated great Toyota reliability.

MPG, fast on take-off for small car.

Mileage, styling. 

The 5 speed transmission makes it very peppy and it merges very well. I feel safe in this car. It gets wonderful gas mileage, at least 34 mpg. I really like that with the price of gas at $4 a gallon. I can put 20 bags of mulch in the cargo space and it drives smoothly. Tight turning radius.

The radio, and the space in the back for loading things and be able to close the door.

In-dash shifter, fuel-sipping 1.8 liter engine, roomy back seats, versatile interior, 6-disk changer.

Gas mileage. No complaints.

In-dash shifter, roomy seats, radio.

Trunk space, higher up on seat (I'm short), fun to drive!

I think the seats are excellent, and the 33 mpg I am getting on the highway helps too.

I love that the back and front passenger seats all fold down. Great for anyone who's into sports or has kids!

Driver seat is very comfortable and the Matrix is generally fun to drive. Everything in the engine is easy access and oil changes are only needed every 5,000 miles (not 3,000). Sound system in the basic version is plenty good enough and there's many cubby holes and compartments to store things.

Utiity, miles per gallon, passenger comfort.

Driver and passenger seats are more like captain's chairs than bucket seats - very comfortable and make it easy to get in and out.



