Roomy interior, Air conditioning works good. Car body stile likes good.

Nav packages gets you everything you could ever want! The back-up camera, bluetooth, and Bose sound is awesome! Comfortable, uber adjustable, supportive driver's seat. Great AC!

plenty of zip getting on a highway and it's so quiet.

Keyless fob that stays in your pocket. Just push the button on the handle to unlock the car. Steering mounted audio controls. Ample power when needed. One touch power windows driver and passenger side. Automatic on/off headlights. Driving in "stealth" mode at slow speeds with the engine off.

XM radio. OK, there is no deep bass out of the system, but it still sound pretty darn good.

Comfort, driving performance, slip control, and the gas mileage has really helped my budget. 

Good engine performance and even better handling for a hybrid; excellent build quality and reliability; good comfort level inside; XM traffic navigation is nice; the rear-view mode is also very handy.

Keyless, push-button start!! Steering-wheel audio and Bluetooth contorls, one-touch driver and passenger windows, automatic headlights, acceleration, interior and exterior styling.

great gas mpg, got plenty of power, exterior styling



The WOW look from Prius owners wishing they had a bigger car. Gas mileage.

Great exterior styling. Very good interior finish. A long list of options.

Total interior roominess, ergonomics, leather seats are very comfortable, interior textures and design is well thought out. Looks inside and out are great . Bluetooth quality is good sending & receiving calls. 

Our car is black with tan leather. We have all the options except the nav or sunroof. The look and feel of the leather is outstanding. I love the "smart key". The exterior is wonderful to look at.

Like overall car.

With federal and state tax credits, total price is unbelievable for a car of this quality. Good handling with quiet, comfortable ride.

Mileage! Very comfortable and quiet.

XM stereo, GPS... tricky to learn but once you do, works great. Voice recognition, keyless entry are all great options. Rear seat room is fantastic as well.

Exterior has good fit and finish, interior is quality and functional with plenty of room for four adults. Good power with excellent mileage.

Smart Key - handy when carry the kids to not have to fumble for a key.

Comfortable to drive. A lot of power and quick acceleration. Just a very nice looking car both inside and out.

Technology package is worth the price. leather, bluetooth, Bose stereo, blinkers on the mirror and many other gadgets and features. The steering is very light and nimble and doesn't compare with any other mid-size car on the market.

Fuel economy; "smart" key; styling

Navigation system is great. Bose stereo system is super. Stopping less frequently for gas.

Fairly roomy and comfortable. The tech package, while probably not worthwhile, gives the car a real innovative feel to the vehicle. Too bad most dealers now only carry tech pkg. Really like the Voice Activation - works surprisingly well for me though I know some users have had issues. 

The look and style and the ride.

Navigation is a breeze and stereo produces good sound.

Smooth but engaging ride. 34-35 MPG. Large storage compartments. Bose stereo. Bluetooth interface. Interior/Exterior design. Excellent dual-climate control. Luxury feel for under $30,000. 

Gas mileage. 



I'm hooked on the keyless locks and start - no more fiddling with keys. Plenty of cupholders and bins. Relatively quick acceleration and passing power. Sporty road handling. 36MPG city/hwy on regular unleaded

It's a hybrid

I have one with navigation, leather, sunroof. 

Interior is very comfortable.

Tech package is great. Nice styling. Good power when needed. 

Push button keyless starter and entry. Bluetooth 

The looks, the size, the mileage, the range, the battery warranty (150,000 ten years), the power and the smooth transmission.

Mileage, fit and trim, power 

Great gas mileage. Averaging 34-37 MPG around town. I like the nav system, and Bluetooth is better than in my Merz. Comfortable seats, roomy interior.

Fob for starting car, just keep in pocket or purse. 20 gallon tank means you can get close to 700 miles between fill ups. Fun to drive -- almost a "game" trying to keep in EV mode for as long as possible.

Fuel economy, bluetooth, audio system, nav unit, surprisingly good feedback in steering. This is the better Toyota hybrid. Nissan engineers (motor, eCVT) adaptation of Toyota Synergy drive is very impressive. They have a winner.

Moon roof, keyless ignition, performance.

Get up and go! Excellent gas mileage and long range between fillups. Nav system different than my Tribeca, some pros, (different views) but some features I miss (calculator, ability to scroll screen while driving).

Keyless operation, stereo, zippy acceleration, seamless transfer of power between gas and electric, Bluetooth speaker phone, gas mileage.

Backup camera; bluetooth phone hookup; keyless entry; going 600 miles between refueling.

Didn't realize I had more room so will add a bit more. Great gas mileage also with large tank will go far. On second fillup went 585 miles, used 18 gallons. Great pickup, smooth ride. Love features in nav screen.

Tech pkg. is full of comforts including leather, heated seats. Back reading lights, and air vents are a plus. More head room for driver than in Camry; great sound.

Mid sized sedan gets 35 mpg! Great gadgets and comfort features. Smooth quiet acceleration.

Gas mileage is great, esp. With the large gas tank and only regular unleaded needed. Nav is semi-helpful, but the screen is great. Love the keyless entry (wish my house was so handy).

tec package

Bluetooth wireless phone, dual heat for passenger and driver. Nav system. Gratifying little display screens that tell me how much gas I'm using/saving. Extra entertainment value offered by car sensors that know my key/fob is nearby.

keyless ignition, Blue Tooth

Navi system, bluetooth, XM radio, garage door button on the rear view mirror, rear bumper camera, aux. input for my ipod. The Technology package is expensive, but I truly love it.

Touch screen navigation; auto dimming mirrors.

Push start, nav and hands free phone, when the car start, outside of the dashboard indicator there is no other noise or sound.

Navigation with live traffic, bluetooth, push start with no engine noise, fuel consumption.

