Exterior styling sold me

Body style and everything inside.



Design

Interior,Chrome,Body Styling, Tail Lights

car is amazing, LTZ is just right for me!

XM radio and phone, beautiful interior

Love the two-tone leather interior, 3.6 L V6, six-speed transmission, XM Radio, and On Star Navigation. 



The fuel economy and the stereo system, interior.

Quiet comfort, handling, braking, design, OnStar, sound system, color (red jewel tintcoat), interior ergonomics and space, UltraLux suede seats, tire pressure monitoring, stability control, large trunk, relative low cost of vehicle for the perceived quality.

Solid build quality,peppy engine, very attractive interior, quietness, elegant looks, remote start, XM radio. An all around super value.

XM, heated seats, dash board, quiet ride, fuel economy, looks, adjustable pedals

Ride, looks, excellent design both inside and out. OnStar and XM radio are great also. I really like the seats in the 2LT, the fabric looks rich and the seats are very comfortable and they are heated. I really like the heated seats.

The sporty look for a four door sedan, the mileage, the pretty dashboard with the white needles and teal lights. The list goes on.

Style, performance, very quiet interior.

Added our car to our Verizon Family Plan for $9.99 a month. It is just like adding a line, look up Verizon Wireless with OnStar. Now we have hands free calling at a great price.

Everything about it

Lots of leg room, front and back. Looks, engine, ride, XM radio - everything about the car is A+. Based on pricing of other cars and what you get with the LTZ you would think this should be $35,000+.

Love the 6 speed manual paddle shift. Being that I have a child now, and its not very comfortable to put him in the Cobalt SS. The manual shifting on the Malibu is very nice!

Looks, quiet & smooth ride, fuel economy, standard features.



OnStar, acoustic noise canceling windows, mood lighting at night, gauges.

Seating comfort, auto vertical height (I'm short), interior and exterior design, and the standard features you normally pay extra for on other vehicles.

I love the whole car, but by far the huge trunk is wonderful for shopping ladies, fill it full

XM, fuel economy, styling, ride, comfort, and price

Quiet ride. Comfortable and well thought out cockpit. Very peppy. Good MPG.

4 cylinder engine with the 6 speed transmission, especially in the LTZ. I didn't want a 6 cylinder and through my own research that Chevy was offering this combination. 

Interior design. Exterior design. Sound system. Indy car tap shifters. Suede seats. Remote start. Trunk space 

Adjustable pedals, XM radio

XM radio, OnStar, 

Looks, quiet interior, sattelite radio, navigation, mileage.

Sporty sun roof, nice tight drive, all the looks and stares I get hourly.

Comfort, XM, OnStar, looks inside and out, way controls are layed out. Phone!

Smooth, quiet ride. Great fit and finish. 29 mpg so far on the freeway, averaging 60 mph. Remote starter! Great rims! Adjustable pedals. Anti lock brakes, and side impact airbags!

Looks, fuel economy, fit and finish, love my chrome alloy wheels, interior instrument cluster lights, has anyone noticed the little chevy emblem inside the rear tail lights and front head lights?

Granite Black, sweet color. Paddle shifting is nice when passing, and tight steering. Traction control helps in the snow. 

Fuel economy, storage capabilities, great looks.

Exterior design, OnStar, car phone, very impressive stereo, powerful engine, luxurious and comfortable interior, and the smooth quiet ride.

Interior, handling, no engine noise, just plain fun to drive. Love the tire pressure reading, wife already ran over a nail and when we got into the car tire pressure was telling us we had a problem. 

Too many to mention, but here goes, the comfortable seats, the way it handles, the huge trunk, all the storage inside, the look of it on the outside.

Love the XM radio, OnStar, and sun roof. The telescopic and tilt steering wheel is a real plus.

Styling. Very quiet inside. Great motor.

The speed, leather and the wood trim, input-jack for mp3, XM radio, OnStar navigation. 

Love the Cashmere interior and remote start!

It's all about the looks. Awesome!

This is a complete package. Do not pass this up for something almost like it. 

Efficiency with sufficient power for both city and highway drives. Split rear seats permit skis and other equipment to be hauled without racks.

Looks inside and out. Mileage I am getting and it is not broken in yet. OnStar and the phone. The center that shows everything(tire pressure trips and many other things). Everthing else!

I like the styling (although a little boring from directly behind), the interior features like 2-tone leather, the optional red jewel color, the radio, and the Turn-By-Turn. I like that this car has some personality compared to the Acoords and Camrys out there, and is competitively priced.

It's very quiet, great smooth ride, 4 cyl is peppy enough for me and my husband, the beautiful interior, the heated seats, easy to use steering wheel and other controls, comfortable seats, automatic exterior lights, remote starter, and lots more.

Safety features (side curtain airbags), good gas mileage on highway. One year of OnStar, the awesome exterior designs, aluminum wheels, remote start, sexy interior w/ green lighting. Head turner 

The new styling. The gas mileage. The interior is fantastic!

OnStar standard, steering wheel radio controls, suede inserts nice for the summer time, telescopic wheel, standard side curtain air bags, nice wheels, sound system, ipod jack, tight turning radius, very very smooth ride! I love everything in this car!

What originaly grabbed me was the styling. I love the level of quality. The factory Remote Start is nice. OnStar's Nav System is a great alt. to a costly option (service is free for the 1st yr on every Malibu - even LS) Adjustable pedals, simple controls. My all black interior guages look awesome!

Handling. Speed of car. Interior looks. Quiet ride. Low profile wheels & tires. OnStar & XM radio. Heated seats. Remote starter. Generous trunk room.

Paddle shifters. Smooth, powerful V-6. Comfortable, heated seats. Excellent stereo w/XM. Respectable mileage on regular fuel. Remote start. Exterior styling w/18" wheels, dual exhaust, profile. Hands- free phone service, OnStar, navigation (free for a year). Two-tone interior

The XM radio and OnStar are great features. I have already received an OnStar diagnostic email that says that my tire pressure in the right front at 28 psi is under-inflated and should be brought up to the recommended 30 psi. Wow! isn?t technology great? 

OnStar, interior, color (the deep blue), and the mileage.

Luxury ride. Interior layout. Exterior styling. Fuel economy. Feels a lot more expensive than Camry and Accord. Fits and finishes.

Love the radio. My daughter is short and she loves the pedals adjustment. Car is great value.

Glove box on top of the dash board. Love the Chevy bowties in the headlights and taillights.

Exterior design; engine performance; 18- inch wheels; attention to detail for interior storage; 

Power and manuverability; interior design and color scheme; sound system, plenty of storage compartments

Quiet. Comfortable. High style. Gorgeous lines. Love the ambient lighting. Gorgeous detail & paint job. Great fit & finish. Wonderful audio system. Terrific, almost sporty performance. GM/Chevy knocked this one out of the park. In Sept 2000 I bought a new 2001 Benz C320 - this is better.

Well, my other car was pretty old school (not even power windows), so everything in here is a massive upgrade. I can't really say a favorite feature, I really like most of the car.

Classy & elegant styling, decent fuel mileage, quiet on highways, good-sized trunk, comfortable seating, lots of interior room. 

Just so quiet. Remote start rocks. Competent road feel. Secure. Confident road manners in bad weather. Climate control is so simple. And it goes to defrost automatically when its cold out and you remote start...how cool is that?

Cool interior lighting over door handles and over the middle console when it is dark out. like all of the subliminal chevy advertising in the lights, etc. XM channel 59 all led zeppelin all the time. I cannot believe that this car was under 20 grand.

The interior. Also the body style. The engine is top notch.

Sleek body style and smooth operation.

V6, 6 speed AT, OnStar, XM radio, 18 inch wheels

This car offers the looks and comfort levels to compete with the big luxury companies without the mortgage sized payments! The 3.6L V6 is very powerful yet maintains an average 25 MPG for my combined city/highway driving in the Seattle area. I get the same attention as the Mercedes that surround me!

I would have to say the remote start is my favorite feature. It's great in this cold weather and will be so nice in the heat of summer to be able to start the car and AC before getting in.



The interior (I have the two tone beige/brown), OnStar (getting a monthly status of my car's health by e-mail is impressive!

The ebony/brick interior, horsepower, sound system, quiet ride are some great features. My favorite feature, the OnStar Navigation system... the voice tells you where to go or you can reference the radio display if you want to know the distance. Plus, you can enjoy XM in between instructions. 

Smooth ride, I enjoy the heated seats and the remote starter. It warms the car up for you in the winter. Looks like a more expensive car than it is.

Incredibly quiet and smooth Tight body seams and "Island Hood" Great sound system with XM. Email diagnostics via OnStar, including sound system. Lovely interior, perfect stitches, seams, panel fits, on a par with my '02 Audi A4 3.0. Heated seats work great (unlike '05 Accord which barely get warm)

OnStar, built in phone system,airbags, abs, and the info feature to include traction control, these are standard on my LS model, which is the cheapest of the models, next time I'll get the LT2.

The ride, handling, especially the interior noise level is worthy of cars twice the price. Love my wheels, great sound system, the XM, Directions and Connections with standard OnStar has already come in handy. I have tried to find something I don't like...with no success. Love my Malibu.

OnStar, powerful engine, leather-wrapped steering wheel and shifter, ambient lighting, quiet ride, impressive sound system (paid extra), and roomy trunk and rear seating.

My favorite features are the heated seats, OnStar, radio controls on the steering wheel, and remote starting. The Corvette looking dashboard with teal blue lighting is very nice too! I also love all the compartments to store sunglasses.

OnStar standard for a year

Loaded with standard safty features. Roomy and comfortable back seats and an open nonrestrictive trunk. Up front comfort. Really handles well.

The information center has everything you could want - inst mpg, tire pressures, miles to empty, average speed etc., etc., etc.

Ride, silent ride, exterior and interior appearence and over all build quality

Great looking body and outstanding handling

Remote start, OnStar, XM radio, chopped top look, large trunk, body lines.

Onstar turn by turn navigation. You get a year of free use which I didn't think I would use but have found myself pushing the blue button several times just because I could. XM radio is awesome and also free. Great warranties! Tons of favorite features I cant name them all.

XM radio (3 mos. free trial), OnStar (free service for 1 yr. with turn-by- turn navigation), great seats, beautiful interior design and layout, powerful V-6, excellent workmanship. This, in my opinion, is the best looking sport-sedan design in the 23K- 30K range which, is unique and distinctive.

All

Excellent interior and exterior styling; smooth, powerful VVT engine; manual shift option; quality construction and solid feel; good sound system with XM 6 CD changer and OnStar for 1 year. The two tone Brick/Black leather really makes a statement. Finally the best feature- American pride!!

I love the heated seats, stereo and 12 months of free OnStar service. I also really like the quick (as in really fast) and quiet ride. There is very little wind or road noise. The car just looks great inside and out. I love all the details. Chevrolet did a fantastic job with this car.

Styling inside and out, quietness of the inside, overall build quality

-Interior design, fit, finish. Exterior design, fit, finish. Smooth nicely powered ride. Respectable audio system. Features for price.

I love the TAP shifters, climate control, remote start, OnStar and two- tone interior. The stereo rocks as well.

TapShift, unique interior with the two-toned leather in the LTZ, heated seats, rear window shade, rear power package (includes 110-volt AC adapter with three-prong outlet), remote start, power adjustable pedals



XM satellite radio. I'm an XM junkie, remote start, styling, looks, handling, mileage

Everything. This car is awesome!

Looks are great. Feels nice and solid. Well laid out with plenty of room on the inside for a tall guy like me. The OnStar is a great feature too.



Comfortable and highly adjustable seats, great sound system, Plenty of pep in the step.

The interior is very comfortable. The fit and finish is unlike any American car. It has a better fit & finish than my last Camry.

Large seats, heated mirrors, sunroof, 9 way power seat, 4 wheel abs, awesome stock stereo, get the premium stereo you wont regret it!

The best features are all the standard features. We have an LT1 with the power pac which includes the remote start. We have this feature on our other vehicle and really like it. My wife and I were impressed with all the saftey features standard.

Great seats, powerful motor, paddle shifter entertaining, nice interior and exterior design. Higher build quality. Ambient lighting. A lot for the money

Value--under 25K for a LTZ. OnStar with 1 year free Turn by Turn Nav

Auto headlamps, interior lighting, exterior design and body, front and rear legroom, XM, OnStar, info display on dash with oil life, outside air temperature, mpg, tire pressure and other info. Power driver seat, many large cupholders and storage compartments.

The safety features of this vehicle are now standard. Thanks Chevy! The 4-disk brakes with ABS. Traction control and front wheel drive makes it feel like all-wheel drive in the snow. The Malibu is designed to accommodate tall folks and has great visibility. 

fit and finish, ride comfort and overall gas mileage

layout of the console and interior. The wooden looking strip looks great.

Body style, color, amenities, performance and fuel mileage.

The ride! Goes down the road exceptionally in highway, rural, or city driving. Car provides for a quiet ride.

Interior styling and finish quality. XM radio. 

Dual exhaust, standard heated seats and remote start, dash layout/look, sporty wheels, exterior looks, quiet and comfortable ride, and paddle shifters. 

Built in garage remote, layout of the console, storage spaces in the cabin.

Nice sounding stereo. Quiet inside. Comfortable seating. Decent trunk space. Good-looking car inside and out.

Good heater 

The interior has the "dual cockpit" look of a late 50's early 60's Vette I really like it. It has lots of places to store stuff in the console, in the doors & even a compartment on the top center of the dash.(I travel a lot for work & this will be very convenient). It handles and stops very nice. 

Nice body styling and powerful engine. Leather seats are essential on this car. They make interior complete. Plenty of room, and auto-headlights is super convenient. Interior is quiet on road. Oil-change calculator and tire pressure read-out are neat.

Xm, the look, the speed, the warranty the ride (all while Im in the passenger seat.)

Onstar, XM radio, Body style, Interior look, remote start.

The feature I love and sold me on the car was the moveable pedals; being short, this is a plus! I really like the XM radio.

xm,gas mileage,body style

Leather seats, stereo, hvac controls, aux input, 17" rims

1)The combination of great acceleration and economy with the V6. 2)The Data Center Display 3)Most everything.

Very quiet, handles well and fun to drive.

XM radio and 6 CD player Performance Handling Fuel Economy

Excellent handling, compliant ride, cold A/C, quiet and 'tight' body, excellent engine and transmission (suprisingly quick 4-cylinder - V6 isn't necessary for me) good sized trunk. It is solid and sturdy-built. Feels and demonstrates that it is over- engineered and not chintzed out like some cars.

XM radio, nice trunk size, style, auto start

I like the lines of the Malibu and it appears that a lot of thought was given to the interior to make it top of the line. It is also very quiet. I also like the mileage which I watch very carefully and I am averaging a little over 30 mpg. 

Design interior/exterior, 18" wheels, power of the V-6, rear power package, OnStar, XM satellite radio, tap shift control, 6 disc holder, leather wrapped steering wheel & shift, radio/cruise control on the steering wheel. Trunk size and exterior looks.

Heated seats work on command will be warm in about a minute. Auto starter for most part (wish it would turn the ac or heat depending on weather, it will if you leave it in the desired setting though I like everything to be at off when exiting car!). Heater works too well will burn you. Fit & finish

Interior

Steering controls, dash controls oil, fuel tire etc, manual transmission ability, 6 CD at a time. Dash board cool looking. Automatic starter in winter/summer, OnStar, lighting in car at night, blue cool & soothing, plenty of cup holders & outlets.

The V6 power is awesome! The handling and quiet ride. The bells and whistles are nice!

The XM radio, the OnStar, the 6 cyl engine, the moon roof, the style 

XM radio, remote lock/trunk, gas mileage. For a mid size car, very good MPG, ac/heater works very nicely

XM radio - couldn't live without it now. Looks - black granite with ebony and brick interior is gorgeous. 

Gas mileage, reliability.

Moon roof, auto start, paddle shifting, satellite radio, interior lighting, heated leather seats, steering wheel radio and automobile information controls as well as OnStar make for a very well equipped automobile!

Down right pleasant to look at. Very comfortable and fun to drive. Great gas mileage, Love the interior on the LTZ, nice material and lay out. Love all the bells and whistles that come standard on the LTZ, that would cost a lot more in the class above. You have to drive, not read to appreciate.

The ride in this car is firm but not jarring, it just feels solid, quiet too. Handling is great, I would like to get this on a test track just to see how far I could push it. 

Interior design and function, body design. I like, quite frankly, everything about this car. 

Tire pressure in display, sunroof, satellite radio, interior lighting, and nice 6 cylinder engine.

Premium audio sound system is fantastic. Mileage is about as advertised at 30-31 highway and combined 24. Computer readout on cars condition & performance is great. Interior design & finish are first class for the price. Exterior fit & finish (Dark Red) are excellent. A great car for the money.

XM radio worth the extra money. I don't have a lot of CDs just floating around the front of the car. The back seat, our daughter says it's really comfortable

Exterior new design, power, ride, standard safety features, heated seats, adj pedals, remote start, ambient blue lighting, gas mileage 23 MPG combined so far, great compared to Nissan Xterra that we traded in so we're very pleased with 23MPG

Fuel economy! Nice trunk space. Decent legroom in the backseat. 10 year / 10k mile warranty 

Love the remote start for hot / cold days. The heated seats keep my always cold wife happy also!

Styling, quietness, gas mileage

The radio, just everything

I love the way it handles. It corners like a sports car. I love the get up and go of the 6 cyl. engine. The car is very quiet inside. I like how handy all the controls are. I reallly enjoy driving it.

Heated, comfy leather seats, black granite paint (sparkly), storage (lots of it!) nice stereo & lots of safety features. It's beautiful; get lots of looks from other drivers, and peppy to drive.

Exterior styling and color (sandstone metallic). Interior leather is good quality with the imitation wood trim is nice. Remote start is a fun toy to have.

Exterior design elements were well thought out. Front to rear, a beauty. Plenty of room for me at 6'3".

Interior and the sound system



XM, OnStar, the 17-in wheels are very cool, the 4-cylinder has good pick for being in such a big car.

Responsiveness. Excellent road feel. Wonderful suspension - takes bumps like a pro. XM radio. Electronically adjustable seats for both driver and front passenger

Interior quality (seats in particular) and quietness. Exterior looks.

I really like the fit and finish both inside and out. The dash & driver controls all seem to make sense and are easy to use. Radio w/IPod jack are good. XM is nice but $13.00 a month, I don't think so. OnStar is nice to have.

Leather interior. Smooth ride. Handles great. Looks great!

OnStar. Overall design. Interior. Fuel economy (approx. 24 city and 31hwy)

Driver's legroom. Quiet ride and tight steering. Automatic headlight system. The sound system rocks. The trunk is huge, and there are many compartments in the front row. The remote start and heated front seats will be a plus in the winter.

Look, fuel mileage, comfort, performance, multitude of features

Love the way the car handles, and the power is great too. It handles like a sports car but has the look of a sleek, expensive European Audi or BMW. I love the two-tone interior as well. This car is unbelievable for the money. Trunk size is good, and rear comfort is roomy as well.

2-Tone dual cockpit cocoa/cashmire interior. smooth, clean exterior lines. Quiet interior. Great handling. XM radio. Adjustable arm rest. Ambient lighting. OnStar is a nice feature even though I don't really use it. Great fuel economy. Nice big trunk. Fold down rear seat. Very fun to drive

Interior, XM, engine (V-6), trunk room, styling (interior and exterior), remote start, safety, and brakes

Looks, in spite of everything, GM finally got the looks right. 17' wheels, large trunk (blocks view when backing up) I suspect this is common in all new cars. 

In the winter, the heated seats are really great because I have a very bad back. Also, I'm happy with the power of this 4 cyl engine. Good mileage.

6 CD changer, interior lighting, nice looking dash, and leather/suede seats. Lots of interior space.

Fold down rear seats. The interior is very quiet. 

Interior

Remote start is Aawesome. Braking is excellent. Seats and overall interior feel like a BMW. No kidding, we love this ride.

Paddle shifting, XM radio

The electronics are amazing. OnStar and on board phone system work great. V6 provides plenty of power and is more quiet than the 4 cyl.

The V6. The tap-shift controls on the wheel, effectively making this automatic a simple manual. Satellite radio. The sleek wood finish on the interior. Leather wrapped shifter. iPod jack. The blue lights illuminating the door handles so you can find them in the dark. The interior is insane.

Body styling, quiet ride, price for packaging, gas mileage for a full size sedan on the highway

Remote start, interior, seats, overall handling of car.

XM radio, black exterior, ebony/brick interior, dash display, interior lighting, quitness of ride. 

Ride quality, interior, performance, and price.

I love the two-toned leather interior and all of the chrome trim on the exterior. It drives and rides great. You've got to test drive this one and see for yourself. You'll love it. 

Paddleshifts are great for people who are nervous or inexperienced with traditional manual transmission. Two toned cockpit sold me upon first look at car. Saw at autoshow & had to have it. Spouse didn't believe I would buy another American car. The simplest lines and 1mm gaps of exterior superb. 

Exterior style, blue and white lighting, cruise control switches on steering wheel.

The chrome detailing on both the interior and exterior, the adjustable pedals, high beams are amazing, and it's such a quiet smooth ride. I also love that you can adjust the height of the seat itself. 

I love everything about this car except the acceleration. Its design, bells & whistles, comfort & features are fabulous. 

Good ergonomics for the radio and air conditioning; free XM radio for 3 months, attractive interior and exterior; plenty of storage space throughout the cabin; auxiliary input for mp3 player

Great exterior looks, handling, and and sound system.

