Styling

Sporty drive, very affordable all wheel drive!

Great value, looks awesome with black on black and a spoiler. 

Hood Scoop, Size of this mid sedan, Ride comfort, Interior look and feel, Fuel Economy is better than advertised. Silly, but I love the feel of the steering wheel.

power seat, seat comfort, telescoping wheel, stereo, boxer engine, choice of performance and economy transmission mode, driving position, visibility. Secure feel in all weather conditions. 5 star crash test rating, MPG, mini computer, tells you outside temp, average mpg, elapsed time

All-weather traction. Performance and handling. Design/styling; inside and out. Comfortable seats. Fold-down rear seat. Excellent visibility; no blind spots.

Interior fit and finish! Exterior sporty look...then there is the AWD factor.

AWD for sure. Love the AUX input on the stereo. Unlike some of the reviews, I think the stereo sounds great. I love that the rear speakers are in the doors rather than the behind the seats. I can have the stereo at a level everyone can hear yet still talk to people in the backseat.

Cruise, moonroof, stereo, HUGE trunk for golf clubs

Interior, outside exterior.

The 3.0R's best feature is not unique. All Subaru's are endowed with excellent symmetrical AWD. The 3.0R offers Subaru's AWD in a more refined and elegant package, setting it apart from other Legacy and Impreza models. The wheels, though not a practical benefit, complete the look nicely.

AWD, heated goodies (seats, wipers, mirrors), transmission. The transmission has auto, sport, and a shiftable gate.

AWD, great interior design, comfortable even on long trips. Reliability and economy with a touch of luxury.

Go anywhere, do anything. Not worried about losing traction, getting stuck when in the mountains, rainstorms, snowstorms, etc. It's like having a small SUV in a sedan package.

Electro-illuminescent gauges add a european flare and give the car a more refined feel. The seats hold you in place.

AWD! Great fit and finish! It's the best looking Subaru yet! 

AWD, Turbo boxer engine.

AWD

Handling, acceleration, great AWD traction, refined interior, grippy leather, tight turning radius, great value, great looking alloy wheels, perfect clutch feel, low center of gravity, 3 personalities with iDrive. I've owned about 40 cars in my life. This could be my favorite.



Everything

Good nav, sporty look, safety scores, front passenger airbag auto-disable

Styling cornering quietness 

Style, all wheel drive, mpg

Brown metallic paint, leather, wood, AWD, 32 mpg :))), aux jack

Its a Subaru ( the Color) Bronze computer tells you how long you have been driving, gas miles, temp etc.

Turbo, leather seats, wheels, easy to chip, sunroof, turbo poking through hood 

Interior comfort is great. I really enjoy driving it. Could use stereo controls on the steering wheel.

Satin white pearl, gas mileage, stylish exterior, handling, fuel calculation display (very accurate on your MPG), heated windshield, daytime running lights, standard sunroof, Yokohama tires, and AWD.

Engine, sunroof, comfort, handling, AWD

Moonroof is great. Guages are great too, very bright. Awesome seat fabric is good qaulity. Heated windshield is great. Good car for winter when it hits -40C. For a small car lots of room and lots of cargo space .

MPG on freeway. Fuel calculation display. Handling, comfort, interior and exterior

AWD and Boxer engine.

Leather and the moonroof, AWD

Simple GPS,AWD,Turbo,Handling,design and the lip in the hood. Automatic AC controls and nice leather in the car. Heated strips under wiper blades (helped a lot when blades were frozen in the winter)

AWD, cruise control, style, handling, sunroof. Pretty much everything.

Written by: 

Stylish exterior, gas mileage, comfort, AWD, safety, insurance rates, blue color, turning radius

AWD, heated side mirrors and heated windshield wipers. The gas mileage is awesome so far 26+ mpg. The car offers the complete package at a reasonable price.

AWD, sunroof, good quality materials all throughout the car, great features I wouldn't think of.

Style, ride, gas miles, and handling

Styling, interior, AWD, practicality, power (it's very good, even from a 4 cylinder!), handling, ride comfort, engine noise, perfect safety ratings, reliability, I love the sport shift!

AWD, gas mileage, spacious trunk, sport shifter, great handling

AWD, 5 star crash test rating, manual transmission, price for what you get

Pearl white paint looks amazing in the sun, I love the standard sunroof, MP3 CD player, 5 speed transmission, the overall style and standard side airbags.

AWD, climate control, stereo, moonroof, leather seats

AWD was the biggest selling point for me. Living in snowy areas means preparing for winter at all times, and this car can handle it all! The handling of the car, the flat Subaru Boxer designed engine, the safety features, and the overall look and build quality of this car are phenomenal! Best deal.

AWD, leather, overall interior ambiance, satellite radio integrates beautifully with stock stereo (little delay between channel changes), car feels "solid" - from the "thunk" of the door to the radio buttons, locking glove box, sunroof.

Dual AC control. Radio-CD 

Love the sporty exterior design and the color (diamond grey metallic) but the AWD and safety features sold us. The 60/40 split rear seat has come in handy and also locks to secure the trunk from the passenger compartment. The remote start was included with our car and that is a great option as well.

Heated seats and features like awd and heated wipers, washer fluid and mirrors

Performance, materials quality construction. Very solidly built.

Symmetrical all wheel drive, great projector headlights, factory fog lights. Solid feeling and somewhat "tossable". Superior interior trim for class. Traction control/VDC. Thorough & fun instrumentation. Dual automatic climate control. Heated leather seats. Sheathed gooseneck trunk hinges. Sport-shift.

The SportShift automatic makes the 2.5i feel much quicker. Love the 4-stage heated seats, heated mirrors, and heated wipers (came in handy during recent ice storm). The subwoofer add-on makes the stereo much better. The 2008 style changes look great & love the spoiler (looks great from rear view)!

GPS , windshield wiper heaters, AWD, 3 different drive modes. Car heats up fast on cold days, and design of the car is sharp. 

I enjoy the moon roof along with the power drivers seat. The ski hole was perfect when my friends and I decided to go boarding for the weekend

All Wheel Drive. This is something you will notice. The SE edition is only a few thousand more and makes the car a steal. Nice sunroof, car audio sounds great, 4 doors but looks and drives like 2 door coupe. 4 cylinders keeps you from getting carried away. Manual-matic mode is real fun.

Styling (except for the rear bumper), AWD handling, long list of standard features, feeling of owning an upscale car without paying upscale prices.

Seating. Good vision while driving. Moonroof. CD Player with iPod capability. Transmission. Fuel economy. 

General interior, heated aeats, triptonic shifting.

Sunroof, Pearl White paint, overall looks, all wheel drive, just a blast to drive!!

AWD is a must in the snow. Love the seat warmer and classy front end design. All interior controls are within easy reach. Windshield de-icer and defrost are perfect!

The engine really is a thing of beauty, grip is excellent, and the best part is it rides just as smooth as a 3 series.

The handling is unsurpassed. Performance out of the turbo four is impressive. The crash test ratings speak for themselves. Truly an exceptional car for the price.

Firm, but not harsh suspension. The aux jack for MP3s is great. Clean layout of the dashboard. The interior of the car is very neat and logical. It is just fun to drive.

It really is one of the best kept secrets in the sports sedan segment, which I love. I don't see myself on every street corner (can you say 3-series and A4?). All-wheel drive, the flat four, build quailty, driving dyanmics, etc.

Power and handling. This thing takes off and sounds like a jet with thunder (3" cat-backs) in the background.

The safety feature of AWD with VDC. The aux jack for MP3 player is a nice feature. The windshield wiper de-icer is a great idea. 

Moonroof.

Manual transmission with AWD!

Engine and transmission are smooth and quiet. Performance is excellent and handling is right up there with the best from Europe and Japan in the AWD sport sedan category. Truly this car should be considered "World Class".

The size is 10 inchs shorter than its headline competion, but you really do not notice, so that turns out to be a big plus for parking and manuvering. Safety was a big reason for us to make this purchase and the Legacy Limited matched and exceeded the competition!

Satellite radio just became a "must have" feature in my family. Black leather looks and feels fantastic. It's so quiet and refined, and without a spoiler, it's sneaky fast.

Great fun playing on twisty country roads, the turbo keeps the car alive as long as the rpms are up, but I do occasionaly miss a nice V8 that has power thru the entire rpm range. Handles great, and the audio is fantastic even without the optional sub. Front seats are awesome with very soft material.

Handling and ride quality. AWD is great for the price. Engine, and standard features. I personally like the look of the car, looks mature and sporty.

AWD, comfortable seats, tho they could use a bit more bolstering, solid feel, good handling and good performance.

Leather seats and wood trim, exterior color (deep bronze metallic), gas mileage, power seat, moon roof, the list goes on.

Turbo 2.5l engine, aux audio jack for my iPod (lifesaver!!), nice seats and telescoping steering wheel, good stereo.

Being able to see compass and outside temp. Saving on gas compared to the pickup truck we had.

Great seats. Good balance of power and mileage. Great looks without screaming "look at me!". 6M and engine work well together; minimal turbo lag. Homelink mirror.

Symmetrical AWD, 29 MPG, smart auto transmission, remote start, heated seats/mirrors/wipers, bombproof reliabilty, interior finish with high quality leather, paint finish is defect free and remarkably nice, and overall build quality really is impressive. This car is a huge value for the money.

Paddle shifters, navigation, telescoping steering column, mp3 jack in center console, bolstered and perforated leather seats, HUGE trunk, sporty suspension/ride, AWD. Favorite add-ons are the subwoofer, Momo shift knob, sunroof air deflector, mud guards and all-weather floor mats. 

Nav, outside temp display, sunroof, a sports sedan with some power under $40k that has all black interior. Big fan of auto dimming mirrors. With some mods it should be as fast, and handle as well as I'd want it to be. 

'08 interior black (not blue) is more accessible. Seats fold down 60/c/40, fantastic leather seats, great interior, 6-speed, low profile trunk, brakes not too sticky. Shocks, shocks, shocks! I/GT has .a lot of body roll. The spec.b ride is much tighter, stiffer and enjoyable. FCons = RS.

Styling, ride, quietness, crash test results, heated wipers, integrated antenna, powerful headlights, heated side-view mirrors, anti-glare rear-view mirror, subwoofer (a must to upgrade standard audio), and extensive warranty coverage (includes wear items, such as brakes, for 1st 3 yrs).

Seats, handling and power. The overall looks of the car and enough room for our baby seat in the back!

Heated seats - very supportive, comfortable for long drives, six speed manual boxer turbo four cyclinder is an amazing engine 

AWD, new front shape, heated seats, heat windshield wipers and side mirrors for winter.

All-wheel-drive, exterior/interior styling. Ok, just about everything.

Memory seat are a must when 2 people share a car. Radio controls on the steering wheel are real nice. The iPod jack in arm rest is the perfect spot.

