Interior

Everything. Response, comfort, ride, trunk space, leg room in the rear seats, gas mileage, price, and on and on and on. Also I have a rear spoiler on this Ford that was on it when I bought it. Boy does that look cool. 

The interior and trunk space is awesome. The 18" wheels are cool. Cupholders for everyone!

Large trunk, comfortable seats with lumber adjustment, plenty of cup holders front and back, Power Moon Roof and putting the Power supply and accessory plug in for MP3 player inside the center console keeps everything out of the way while you are driving. 

Maybe, I'm getting old (55), but I do like to upright driving position. Some people have commented on the fuddy-duddy appearance, but I like the clean look (kind of like a large VW Passat)

Good engine performance/economy. I like the space and price for what you get. The interior is much nicer than Japanese competition with leather, dual A/C and CD changer.

I love the 6-CD audio system, the cream-colored leather seats (that was a must for me), and the higher- positioned seat.

Comfort, outstanding reliability, value, Sync, easy to use, visibility is best of any sedan, safety, acceleration for its heft. Even though this is an updated 500, I like the large interior, the high seating position, the enormous back seat, the huge trunk, and even the useful rear wing wondows.

Rear leg room! AWD in a sedan for road safety. Seems to be a very safe design with side airbags, handling features.

Room in car is great, plenty in front AND back

Replaced light bulbs in fron and back. The very next day after I bought the car, light went out on foglamp! 

Outside temp reading, interior, smoothness of the transmission. This is a great looking car.

Exquisite comfort, 268 hp, 6-speed automatic, top notch quality interior and exterior, Michelin tires, front and rear side airbags, great fuel economy, Microsoft Sync, USB port in glovebox next to aux input

Smooth, strong engine. Seating position is great for egress and exiting as well as visibility. AWD is very reassuring in slippery conditions. Interior that is nice and comfy and doesn't feel cheap. Back seat, I am 6' tall and 380 lbs. and I can sit in the back seat with the fronts all the way back!

AWD, Sync, comfort, good power

Room, comfort, ride, visibility, high seating (& I'm not small - 6'3", 220#) performance, reliability, finish, quiet, legroom (with front seat back, has lots of legroom in rear)

Sirius radio, reverse sensors, Synch, memory seats/mirrors, charger in console to allow phone to be charged while stored out of the way.

We love the Sync feature as well as the ride and how quiet the Taurus is. 

AWD, the limited model, all the toys. 

Safety, visibility, "Command Seating", gobs of room, smoooooth ride, and super-duper quiet. The engine's got plenty of pep, and shifts smoothly too. Gets an acceptable 24 mpg in mixed driving but it's a big V6 for Pete's sake, not a hybrid!

Sharp looking, very European. Huge trunk with folddown rear seats.

On steering wheel radio controls. Roominess 

Hands free communication, AWD, ergonomics, visibility, lots of car for the money, ride, quietness, roominess, no squeeks or rattles typical of other domestic cars, the touch of luxury for the price (wood steering wheel package, analog clock, seat memory/heated, back up sensor, nice wood grain trim)

Synch and voice controls, Nav system, auto lights, USB for zune, interior space, dual climate control

Interior room and comfort. Quiet ride. Safety

Sirius satelite radio works great with steering wheel controls. Portable Garmin naviagation sound is excellent using line In. Moonroof

No favorites-all are acceptable

SYNC, automatic headlamps, keypad entry on door, 263 hp with a true 28 mpg highway (recently took a 300 mile trip and averaged that, and it's not even broken in yet with only 400 miles on it). Dual climate control, 

6-speed automatic

We both love the upright seating position. Reminds me of a great car from the past, the Checker Marathon!

I love the new outside and inside features. Love the chrome front grille and the accessible features inside. Beautiful design and the ride is unbelievable! Awesome sound system and there is so much room! 

Five star crash test rating in all categories. ipod(mp3) player ready, big heavy car feel with 28-29 mpg highway.

The stereo is great. I can hear new instruments and sounds in some of my favorite songs. Crisp. The car has a solid safe feel even driving among trucks. Voice sync is great. If you need to be on the phone a lot it is a must. The heated seat let you stay warm w/out the air blowing. 

I joke that I drive like I have 25hp. I was able to test the acceleration recently and the car shot like a rocket! Not since the high school Camaro have I had such response.

Comfy leather seats with contrast topstitching. Light stone is pretty. The interior convenience pkg provides just enough good stuff such as the auto air which works like a dream. Sync is my favorite thing, and the reverse sensor is good to have. 

Smooth ride on highway, roomy, high front seat, 

263 horsepower and 28mpg in a car this size. Black leather heated seats and interior. 18 inch wheels and low profile tires. Ford did a real nice job on this car. I love it.

My wife thinks the interior look like our Benz. I've gotten 35 MPG on a few tanks. (flat land on interstate) And, the seats are very comfortable. I love this car. We take it on trips and leave our expensive vehicles sitting in the garage. MP3 Plug is very handy.

Roominess [at its price, nothing on the market like it, and I'm a big man (6' 3", 230 lb.)], adaptability (seating, trunk configuration), comfort (seating & basic layout excellent), drivability (visibility, lighting, position) excellent, quiet, performance (modern engine, modern 6-speed auto transmission

Four people can ride in comfort for many hrs. Good mpg on Hwy.[30 mpg] at 70 mph with auto ac on 75 degrees. Huge trunk.

Auto climate control with dual control. Handling is excellent. Elevated seats and adjustable pedals are a wonderful addition for short persons. I am 5,5" tall. Value for the buck is unbeatable.

Passenger space & Sync

Love how it comes standard with fog lights. Very comfortable. Great gas mileage

Great gas mileage and a lot of car for the money.

260 horse, 29mpgs, crisp handling, and size.

Great gas mileage, a true 30MPG+ with large car comfort, advanced features and styling..

Performance. Ride quality and handling. Roominess. Gas mileage. Luxurious feeling of all the trim, leather seating, etc. 

Interior space and mileage

Sat radio and moving pedals. Trunk space is awsome and almost double what my Sonota had. Telescopic steering, not sure why no one else has it.

With stability control, this is a very safe, solid car. The build quality and fit and finish appear to be top notch. Based on my impressions, I don't understand why the highways aren't full of 08 Tauruses.



Trunk space, comfortable interior, breathable leather, adjustable pedals, memory settings, driving performance and quiet ride, Sync and Sirius radio.

Interior room, quiet, a trunk large enough to host a party, and overall fit and finish. The transmission shifts smoothly and accurately.

Smooth, quiet ride, engine performance and smoothness, solidness of the body, build quality.

Auto climate control, stability control system, back up sensor, puddle lamps, moon roof.

Large enterior and trunk space, 40/60 split back bench seat, dual climate controls, heated seats, back up sensors, great handling, very comfortable and quiet ride, and great gas mileage.

Interior room and comfort. Exterior styling. I like the clean lines. Heated seats.

Just about everything.

Ride quality. Comfort. Safety features. Reverse sensing feature. Large interior. Rear seat leg room. Navigation system. Satellite radio 

European styling, safety rating, higher HP along with higher MPG (Ford has proven that this is possible). Comfort! My kids love this car so it has an appeal that spans the generations. 

Overall space, back up sensors, good ride, nav, Sirius radio, safety, elevated seating.

Horsepower improvements, and the car handles very well. Safety features are second to none!

Room and comfort are top notch. Trunk pace is huge. New engine is a noticeable improvement over old 3.0 liter and the 6 speed automatic is more agreeable than the CVT. A lot of equipment for the money.

Styling

Style, incredible rear seat space, better than a Rolls Royce! Trunk is a cavern, you could put an SUV to shame! Ride height, like a small SUV. AWD is a bonus. ALL buttons do light up at night, amazing! I hope they don't burn out!

Quite ride and effortless cruising. Trunk is huge too while interior is equally spacious. 



My favorites would have to be the safety, all the airbags. I also enjoy the dual climate control, and the comfortable seats.

The elevated seating, spacious back seat and trunk, the new interior quietness, the smoother and more powerful engine, the instrument panel improvements to detail. The exterior appearance is appealing.

Driving position, well thought out dash design, audiophile radio nice suprise, ride, quietness, AWD and bang for the buck.

6-cd player, dual air, satellite radio, heated seats, lots of room, moon roof, back up sensors, memory seats and a lot of foot room.

Gas mileage, engine power, good visibility, very easy to drive in traffice and a very smooth ride.

Truck space and rear seat room, plus the smooth ride and very quiet cabin.

Horsepower makes it feel like a much more expensive sports sedan, great transmission

A big trunk space. Ample engine power. Automatic transmission. Great fit and finish.

