Good instrument panel and controls

Acceleration. Roadhandling. Ride. Sound system. Controls on steering wheel. Headlights (strength and looks). Cargo space (I took out the third row seats!). Exterior looks (metallic brown).

Leather interior, sun roof, 6 disc CD changer, heated seats, rear air/heat.

Smooth ride, good acceleration,runs 70- 80 mph effortlessly. Toss 4 sets of golf clubs in the back,and away you all go,in comfort.



leather seats, heated seats,easy to use steering wheel controls, cd and radio quality and a great air-conditioning system.

Room, price, and list of options for the trim level.

From the outside the car looks nice and drives very well. The cargo area is huge when the seats and down. 

Seats very comfortable

The little things, the six dash CD player, the lights coming on when you do the remote lock release. The small pad besides the keys. The solid ride, no sway, or feeling of floating. Automatic climate control, living in a cold climate I am looking forward to the winter to try out the AWD. 



Love the leather interior, and the navigation system

Ipod plug, interior lights, middle console, storage space, power, radio control in steering wheel, comfort, family friendly. 

With the two sets of back seats down and the front passenger seat folded down you can fit pipe or lumber up to 9' long. The room inside is unbelievable. The controls for the radio being on the leather covered steering wheel is great. Nice tight steering. Very comfortable seats. Seats 7 when needed 

Engine performance and AWD and traction control.

Styling, in and out. High riding position on road, like a PU. Quiet, luxurious.

Good driving experience. Gas milage. Well built. Some dash board features are useful like tire pressure indicator and oil percentage indicator when getting low. Heated front seats.

Everything!

Automatic air conditioning, fold down flat rear seats, incredible head and shoulder room, stereo and cd are more than passable, speed control convenient, and good lighting at night. 

the mp3 aux, the heated seats, the third row seats, everything.

Purchase price, Warranty, Fuel milage,Ride,Handeling,Performance,room available, Overall quality.

Comfort of the ride. The quirky headlights.

Navigation system, 7 passenger capability, Sunroof 

Love the sunroof and leather seating. The 3rd row spilt seating tucks away nicely but is there if you need it. Power motor and tranny are great. Exteroir styling a plus along with and long 7yr/100,000 mile warranty.

My favorite feature is impossible to define. I can't believe all the features the car came with at the price we got it for. I couldn't drive a car without leather seating and steering wheel controls. I got it all in my XL7 and couldn't be happier.

The seats are comfortable and the leather feels great. Like warming my backside in the morning on the way to work also. Smooth handling in the city. Great sound system (for stock). Tons of room for hauling anything I would need to. Like the small compartment in the back for storage. 

DVD system with wireless headsets- great for my kids! Great sound system to please my husband, wonderful handling and fun to drive for me!

Navigation, heated seats, backup camera, 5 star crash test, roomy third row, pretty much everything including all the wonderful gadgets and features.

I like the Auto/Manual and the styling. 

Price- Paid about $25,000. Comfort- Very comfortable ride for up to 7 passengers. Features- AWD, traction control, auto climate control, etc. Decent sound system.

Display system, auto environment controls, DVD, heated seats, remote start

Powerful 3.6L 252hp drive-by-wire engine - built in Japan. I get 20mpg city/24-28 hwy. Awesome safety features. Beautiful exterior design. Over 95 cu. ft cargo--more than Pilot, Highlander and Murano. Best warranty. Low maintenance--no fluid changes until 100k, unlike Toyota and Honda. Price - only $17,600.

Slick design and fuel economy

Leather seats/righteous sound system and DVD player/style and profile/and it's got plenty of power. Also like the AWD.

Safe and confortable 2 extra seats on seven seater model. Able to fold down all seats to make room for loading things. Many safety features like ABS, side curtain airbags, etc

Traction control system. We live in the country and get alot of snow. The traction control realy works well, it is great in the snow.

The goodies included, the warranty, the looks!

Acceleration, fuel economy - I average 22 in town and 28 on the highway Interior is plush and comfortabel

Wife loves the heated seats, and comfortable ride. I love driving it, and the looks. Can see the world at night.

Navigation system - interior controls layout.

