There is absolutely no feature worth mentioning!

stereo ,dash styling,adjustable seats,,onstar...auto design...YOU GO GM !!!

keyless entry, cargo room, and remote start!



Easy lock/unlock doors with key fob, easy open rear cargo door and cargo area, automatic lights on and off, key fob engine start, "panic" feature on key fob, adequate air condition/heat vents that can be moved to any position.

Roominess, economy, design, quiet ride.

I like the folding rear seats and the amount of storage behind the rear seats, most larger suv's don't even come close to the storage or gas mileage of this vehicle. Also I average about 25mpg around town with this car.

overall size, shape and exterior visual iimpact.exterior layout is very inviting to be customized.e.g.the panel van

 Style, performance of the 2.2L. Paint is really nice and deep shine. Handles well and is quiet. Seats for a 6'3" guy are very comfortable, leg room is great. Stock radio and speakers are really good. That shocked me how well the sound is for a stock item. No windows means less heat when parked.

Great gas mileage with 2.2L (30mpg+ on hwy!). Acceleration is nice despite smaller engine. Sun roof controls are well thought out. Dashboard gauges are easy to read.

The car starter and mp3 port are nice as it the central storage over the dash. Not much for storage places, but I like zen in a vehicle, not turning it into my office or spare room.

Avg 33 mpg highway, comfort, storage, and quiteness of ride

Color selection, simple audio and heating controls, rear storage area, smooth ride, plastic instead of fabric in back of seats, the display color, large side view mirror.

MPGs, storage space, adaptability, stereo (Pioneer version), OnStar, seating space, looks

Sunroof, roominess, ease of entry exit, quiet, tight chasis. Turning radius is good. Design appeal. General Motors American made Ecotec engine & transmission. Good sound system, Pioneer speakers, plays MP3's & has input for portable player. Remote start is way cool. Design or aluminum wheels! 

Styling, electric steering is a pleasant change. Ride is comfy and handling is confident. Vehicle is very low maintenance. 500 treadwear tires, oil life is super high if you trust computer (and why not). Very fun to drive for 16000 dollar car. You don't find that ever. 

The styling, the storage in back, the "just the right height" for me to get the kids in car seats (I'm 5'2", so this is perfect), I like my chrome extras we purchased, running boards, luggage rack, chrome wheels...looks sharp. I also like the info center, tells me my mpg, oil life, etc. Nice touch

Drivers information center, OnStar, lots of room, lots of storage, decent fuel economy, very comfortable ride, chrome package makes it really stand out! Ipod jack has many uses including XM radio if not equiped. Lots of hidden compartments

Cargo space, exterior looks, fold flat rear seats.

The info center monitors air pressure in the tires too!

Long interval between oil changes - est 12-15K mi's. Wife likes it! Tire press monitor, XM radio. Cool body style!

Looks, smoothness, quiet ride, On Star, Engine is peppy enough, suprising leg room, Input jack for iPod, Remote start is cool, as is the info given in the Info Center like trip info, Tire pressure, MPG instantaneous, temperature outside, coolant temp, miles left in tank, Oil life left.

Funky styling outside and in. Decent pep, smooth, good mileage. Versatile back for a variety of uses. I like the armrests, nice touch. I'm a small guy and I could sleep in it by dropping the back seats when I roadtrip!

2.4 engine and sport tuned suspension. Excellent 7 speaker sound system. Both part of the LT2 package. Also have the leather seats. Also tows behind my motor home without a trailer or vehicle modifications.

remote start, handling, fuel economy, the way it looks, functional aspect with the seats dropped flat

Small but more room than it looks. Easy and fun to drive. My wife loves the remote start and heated seats.

The HHR SS Turbo is so much fun to drive that it is almost addictive. I didn't expect this level of driving experience. The styling is "love or hate". If you understand what it represents, you'll be a supporter. I am a hot rod fan and this is a little piece of styling nostalgia that hits the mark.

The Chrome Package

Gas mileage and room (can fit my bike in the back without taking the wheel off).

Bright Red, good mileage, good price, fun to drive with manual trans.

This car has a lot of "pick-up" for a 4 cylinder vehicle. I was pleasantly surprised, especially with automatic transmission. 

Favorite features are the sportiness. The handling is exceptional. The ss has some real take-off!

Suggested Improvements

Look Flexible and gas miles.

Love the shape, handling, and also the placement of the window openers! Gas mileage great, and also feel I received a really good price on the vehicle for what I got. Also like the OnStar feature.

The cargo room. Seems like it's built solidly. The highway mileage is very good. Just got back from a trip and averaged 29 on the highway.

Stereo, leather power heated seats. Looks with chrome pkg, Good MPG, in dash storage compartment.

We like the Cardinal Red paint scheme cause it almost looks like Candy Apple Red. The interior is clean and everything is handy. The seats are very comfortable and the instruments are clear and visible. The storage under the rear deck is also very convenient. We also like the running boards.

Plenty of room for a small car. Good bright standard lights. OnStar. Better "Ole Stylin" than your granpa's sweater vest.

Fun to drive and maneuvers quick. You sit a bit higher than in a car, so good visibility.

I really like the cargo space when the rear seat is folded down. There are also a couple of extra little cargo spaces built into the rear area that I just recently discovered. They aren't huge, but are a good place to store an emergency blanket, flashlight, etc.

Top storage bin on dash, great gas mileage, overall performance, styling. (I learned to drive on a 1948 Chevy pickup so the appearance is in my "heritage.")



Power from the turbo, handling. Extra space with the rear seats down and the good gas mileage.

OnStar, tire pressure monitoring, remote start, rear storage compartments.

Storage space, comfort, surprisingly large back seat - fits all three of my kids comfortably, remote start, heating/cooling system



Remote start is #1 espcially in cold weather. XM radio and OnStar. Cargo room 

Fold down seats, tinted windows, fun to drive

Again, MPGs and versatility. I don't have to hesitate and wonder how I will get something from Home Depot back to the house (for example, an 8 foot long - 2 x 4 will fit with ease). Scrolling through the dash display that tracks tripometer, MPGs, tire pressure, etc. Retro styling. 

The 2.0 Turbo is a 200% improvement over the 2.4, window switches and custom S/S seats and steering wheel, 4 wheel antilock disk brakes,when working, OnStar system, fog lights and upgraded sound system with CD changer built in dash unit all complement a powerful road-hugging experience! Blue- Flash paint

OnStar, XM, 2.4, 5 speed manual. Heated leather seats, ipod plug, sunroof, fuel mileage, roof rails, fun to drive! 

The seats. They are the standard base model seats, but they are suprisingly comfortable. Also, I'm new to driving a manual and it is cake.

The smooth ride, it's peppy, fuel economy, fun to drive, sporty, and luxury all in one. Great sound system, great features on my LT. Lumbar seats are comfy. Plenty of leg and head room. GM offers a good warranty. I wanted to buy American, and I am glad I did. You will love this car.

Great gas mileage, comfortable seating for a base model, huge interior room for passengers & cargo. I tried several other makes & models, even the Colbalt and this has a lot more room for tall people. The HHR retro exterior looks better, carries more & is way more comfortable than the PT Cruiser.

Easy to drive, great gas mileage, not too much money.

The retro back end and tinted windows. Dask with tack and control center.

Auxilary input jack, shelf in the back, spacious interior, the car's elevated disposition

Outside appearance. Good power and good MPG

Cargo room, people room, fun to drive, gas mileage, styling, aux input jack for mp3 player. Solid quiet feel, remote start is awesome. I can start this car up from inside my office

Quiet ride, sound system, head room. Storage room with seats folded down. MPG highway. All the standard gizmos on base LS model, floor mats included. Styling inside and out. Overall value for the dollar is great, and fun to drive too!

I like them all. Love the OnStar.

I like the styling of the exterior the best. Great utility in the interior.

The OnStar and driver information center are great bonuses; also like the extra glovebox. Good stereo system sound, tinted windows are easy to see through from inside, but provide privacy from outside. Seats are comfortable; love the driver's side adjustable lumbar support and fold-down seats. 

Pros: good mileage, nice info center with avg mpg, instant mpg, avg speed, tire presure, nice sound

I like all of them

Exterior look is the attraction, and all the creature features,s ound system to the fold down rear seats, for bigger cargo area

Handling, retro style guages, body style, power, fuel economy.

Looks, price, mileage, cargo

The passenger seat folds flat so you can fit that really long cargo in. Need to pick up some drain pipe and 2x4's at the Hardware store? No problem. Also, the 2.2L engine is great. Silky smooth, lots of pep, and power to spare. For this segment of vehicles, it can't be beat.

Exterior design, retro look and feel especially of the windows, doors, and fenders. 

Gas mileage and interior room, beside which it is just plain fun to drive.

Head-turning good looks, powerful 4 cylinder turbcharged engine, OnStar, XM satellite radio, 18" alloy wheels, and cargo room

Styling, MPG, color, interior room, comes with floor mats, good rear seating, rubber rear mat, OnStar, two back up lights. Lots of colors, love the storage area in the rear,

The dashboard it great with the instrument panel.

Comfortable seats, base model looks like luxury model, fold down rear seats, 5 person seating plus cargo or larger cargo (minus the ?safety chunks?), retro appearance. Small SUV. Gas conscious. (Gets better mileage than my Malibu). All the gadgets, bells, and whistles. It's fun. Like tint/power windows.

The turbo is a blast. The fold down seats make it versatile enough to get the kids from school, hit the surf, or take a nap.

Exterior styling, interior amenities, leather seats, good performance with good gas mileage, the head turns I get when I pull up at a stoplight.

Turbo performance, OnStar

The XM radio matched to the Pionner sound system was thumping and the leather seats were comfortable on a long ride (5 hrs)

Gas mileage. I've been driving around for two days and the gauge hasn't moved. Sporty looks, even without all the extra features.

Body style is unique.Get lots of looks. Comfy ride and good gas mileage! 

Overall performance, storage space, smooth and quiet ride, aux outlet for i-pod, bunch of extra features that others don't offer or you have to pay for. Definitely best bang for the buck!

Color, design, I had white diamond pinstriping on it (looks like greased lightning haha smile), gas mileage. I did not get XM radio but we had it installed. 

Heated leather seats, Pioneer stereo, black granite paint, chrome package

Driver's seat is super. You can really get a custom fit 

Turbo performance

OnStar, and dash is easy to read. Simple controls and radio controls easy to access and use.

Looks, plenty of storage, and ability to split the cargo area into 2 levels

Styling: I like the retro look. Loads of cargo space for a small car. Overall fun to drive. Good gas mileage - I get about 24mpg in city driving.

Cargo room! I keep my office in the back, and can haul material with the rear seats down. And the front seat folds down for a desk for my laptop! 

Written by: 



The smooth stiff performance suspension, and the power. You have a lot of power on command when you need it. Two tone ultralux inserts look sharp!

Very nice interior. Lots of gadgets and gizmos. Smooth ride. Excellent gas mileage. Driver information center. OnStar! (my car has a phone number!) even the base audio system sounds great. Very fun to drive and ride in

Roomy, great ride for a small car, quiet too, 

Options, safety ratings, comfort, accessability, styling and ergonomics.

OnStar, On-board telephone allows you to buy minutes-great when you forget your cell phone. Remote starter, terrific storage features, cute fluorescent night light, map light on the mirror, comfortable seats, cool dash lights, nifty computer readout on the instrument panel - love knowing my oil life

Room for tall people. I test drove with 2 large adults well over 6ft and over 300lbs. Easy fit for both. Nice soft ride. Awesome gas saver. Easy to customize.

The chrome package with 17" wheels sets off the entire look of the exterior. Inside there is everything that you could need. The OnStar and XM radio are wonderful and the extra sound system really set off the need to take long rides.

The turbo charger for when I want power and the launch mode is great too. The overall body style and look of the SS is fantastic. The soverall placement of the instrument readouts isn't too bad. The storage room is just the right size for me. The safety equipment standard and optional I got

260hp of course with 28-29 mpg. Its good looks. Stands out from other HHR's. Window switches on the doors.

Handling, as far as fun to drive on a scale of 1 to 10 I'd give it a 15, all smiles.

Body styling unique nothing quite like it on the road other then smaller PT cruiser. Comfortable ride and seats. Good gas mileage.

High quality interior parts (mostly), smooth ride, solid feel, exterior and interior styling, fit & finish, leather seats, driver's info center, 270 watt stereo, versatile interior.

