Stock sound system, smooth ride, sleek design, comfortable seats, interior lights at night pleasant on the eyes.

The stereo



6 airbags! Safety ratings

The Rockford Fosgate stereo system the car came with is awesome.

FUN to drive. Good looks. Good mileage. And did I mention; FUN TO DRIVE! 

Nice balance between sporty handling and comfortable ride. Seats are much more comfortable than my Altima and RSX. 

The styling and the overall profile are great. I love the the overall balance of this car. Its not the best in anything but really shines as an all around car for the street that you can tolerate to drive everyday

comfortable seating, sound system

Style, comfort, "one with the road" feel.

Torquey V6, GT Exhaust, 18" Rims, Interior Lighting, Exterior Door Handles, GT Pedals, Acceleration 

Front and rear spoilers, sound system, safety features, modest pricing, power sun roof, leather seats, blue instrumentation (light show), quickness, front-wheel drive, over-all looks, leather-wrapped steering wheel, corners well, warranty that is second to none! What a rush to drive this vehicle!

Styling, comfort, economy, killer sound system.

Color sunset is beautiful,sound sys is great, seats comfy, handles awesome, looks are a 10.

The design of the exterior, quiet ride, and the sound system.

650 Watts Sound System...Great 263 HP...Style and Comfort...Go from automatic to manual shifts...Nice trunk space...

Heated leather seats :-), steering wheel mounted stereo controls.

looks, handling, sound system,

Nice driving position, strong engine, relative comfort, sexy styling, Mitsubishi reliability/warranty, competitive pricing, Some complain about blind spots but visibility is better than many "sports" cars in its class and if your mirrors are adjusted properly there are virtually no blind spots. 

Powertrain and engine work in an orchestrated fashion where one complements the other. Need power? No problem with the GT. Just ask and it provides, with plenty in reserve. The sound system was designed for this car, and provides an acoustic level ranging from detailed symphony, to heart thumping!

The leather seats are comfy and supportive. The Rockford Fosgate sound system is incredible. The automatic trans is smooth as silk and eagerly downshifts without overreacting to too low a gear. It looks awesome but you already knew that. The trunk has ample room for stuff.

Stereo, speakers, terra cotta interior, 6 speeds, fast.

My favorite feature has to be the sportronic transmission. It is just like a manual transmission minus the clutch. My second favorite feature is the automatic sealing doors. When you close the doors the windows automatically seal reducing road noise and prevent leaks. 

