Power fold down 3rd seat great for wife loading groceries, or kids' football/baseball practice. Heated/cooled seats great. Adjustable pedals perfect for a 6'2" husband and 5'4" wife. GPS Navigation and DVD is great. I have the 2-tone black/brown leather seats which add a nice touch. Beautiful.

The comfortable seats, running boards, features, navigation system. 

3rd row power folding seats,this was the deciding factor over the Chevy Tahoe. Rear DVD entertainment system is great, with headphones my kids can enjoy their movies and I can enjoy my music.

I love everything except the rattle that the window makes!

Adjustable pedals and seats. The firm body of the vehicle.

Seats, interior design, exterior design

Backup camera, heated and cooled seats

Moon roof, heated seats ,looks inside and out, nice ride

The ride! The way it handles is just awesome. Plenty of power when you need it. Standard features are great. I upgraded with a 6 cd changer and that's it.

Styling in and out are great. MPG very pleased. Navigation easy to use. Sound system great

Vault solid, slightly arrogant looks, and handling.

Everything. The power liftgate. The keyless entery so I don't have to carry my keys. 

Third row stow-away seats, rear veiw camera, Sirrius, powerful engine, reliabile 

Ride quality, comfort, memory seats, climate control including rear A/C, power liftgate. The rear camera makes hooking up boat trailer a snap! I love that the auto headlights go on when wipers are used (helps comply with my state law). Power rear flip out windows reduce buffeting.

5.4 liter V8, back-up camera, GPS and DVD systems. 6 speed-transmission

Sirius radio, message center, and DVD.

Power fold rear seats (GM--get with the program). Cooled front seats.

The room and ease of use of the room.

Sound/dvd/nav systems. Lots of safety features including airbags - back up camera/sensing system, power liftgate,heated/cool seats, driver presets, third row power folding seats.

Comfy seats and no squeaks or rattles, just a bit of wind noise. Reasonable price compared to other SUVs.

Excellent radio and nav. Handles well, auto rear hatch lift, fold flat rear seats. Commanding view of traffic. 

Navi is very easy to use, and still easy to use the radio unlike some vehicles with navi. Rear view camera, DVD system, power t/g, fold out rear side mirrors, fold flat 3rd row seats (a must), very roomy.



Well designed and comfortable interior along with a luxury car type of ride.

The ride, general comfort, and the sound system. Almost forgot the power rear seats and liftgate, great for when you have your hands full.

Power rear liftgate very convenient at the supermarket. Rear view camera in the mirror is great (no need to order expensive navigation system in order to get rear camera unlike competitors). Heated and cooled seats work well. Sirius radio reasonably priced option. Oil and volt gauges.

Heated and cooled leather seats, theater lighting, climate control system, smooth ride.

Cooled seats...very cool. NAV system is awesome and very easy to use. Figured it out by messing with it for about 15 mins. Interior design is very nice and cozy...tons of room for the family. Extremely soft ride and very quiet. Power lift gate comes in handy. Power fold mirrors.

DVD system, rear view camera, large sunroof, easy to drive, great stereo, power liftgate, heated and cooled seats, great styling with 20" wheels, power folding third row

Navigation system, power liftgate, power third row fold down seats, back- up camera and sound system. 

Fold flat 3rd row seat, reverse camera, exterior design. heated/cooled seats, Rear DVD, satellite radio, keyless entry. 20" wheels & Pirelli tires.

All of the above, and the price on sale was great, $26,999.00 on ad pretty well equipped. Great stereo CD system, lots of amenites and features.

Comfort, and solid build quality, easy to park. Good price. Assembled in Michigan. 

The Ford Leasing sold me! I can lease it and later buy it for less than buying it now due to the low lease rate. If gas prices are high I can walk away from it in two years. GM's rate was not comparable. Air Conditioned seats rule. Flat folding 3rd row makes this the king of large SUV's!

The Chapparal leather, power lift gate, power running boards, back up camera, and the climate controlled seats set this car apart from any other I have had or any other I have seen on the market. I also love the space in the back when all the seats are laid down.

Back up camera displays images on the rear view mirror, Very cool. All gauges and functions are with in reach and easy to use. Love the running boards.

The 6-speed automatic transmission, backup camera, GPS navigation system, and auto-lift tailgate.

Navigation, GPS, interior finish

I really like how they made the Expedition bulkier which gave me more room to fit alot of things in

