The body lines, sunroof, good speakers, great suspension, safety features. oil changes are super easy

rims,sport car look inside and out, tailights are cool.sunroof makes for great airflow.

Seats, Kenwood stereo, rumble of the exhaust, exterior looks.

Exterior looks, dual mufflers(sounds cool when it starts up). Interior is comfy and stylish. "slap" shift transmission. 

The look of the car. Fun to drive. Everything in it is straightforward and easy to use. Great radio. Front seats have plenty of room.

interior look and comfort, trunk space, easy handling (not too sporty or jerky), SAFETY

Nice interior, 3 months of XM/Siruis, sunroof, cruise control, Kenwood stereo w/ remote, sporty looking and sleek.

For me..6' easy to get in and out of (celica was tough)..Like the auto/manual..Body lines are the best! For a 67 year old teenager at heart.. Sharp..fast and Fun!Satellite radio set on the 50s

Styling, GPS, Auto Air conditioner, Sunroof, Leather, real head turner. Switching from automatic to manual transmission.



See last post.

Nice stereo, auto climate control, fun car to drive.

Red leather interior, fantasically comfortable seats, looks, navigation system/stereo, looks, engine sound, looks!

Alloy wheels, Kenwood stereo, fun to drive on streets. 

1. Plays the role of sports car at a very reasonable price 2. Interior looks sleek and sophisticated, especially with the blue lights 3. Fun to drive

interior lighting, outside design, smooth shifting, stereo, price.

Interior lighting, sound on the stock exhaust, aggressive looks, affordable price.

Exciting exterior look, red safety light in doors, tightness of steering, good braking. Trunk is good size, and fold down rear seats make for even more carrying capacity.

Looks, price, reliability.

6 speed, Looks, 17 inch wheels, the sound of the engine, leather racing seats

My favorite feature of the Tib is the interior styling, the black cloth interior is very attractive, as are the blue illuminated dash displays. I like the change of tail lights on the 07-08 models but the headlights are a bit less attractive than earlier tibs in my humble opinion

Comfortable ride, nice exterior styling.

I love the dual exhaust and the Kenwood stereo with REMOTE. The seats are very comfortable on my 6'2" frame and I weigh in at 220.

The redesign of the headlights makes the new Tiburon look menacing, and the overall shape of the car goes with the headlights a lot better. The headlamps is projector lens, so you can install HID lighting. Chromed, dual exhausts looks sick, and makes a good sound, although a bit quiet.



Interior, rims with 17`s,comfort, and gas mileage

Sleek styling, punchiness, sheer amount of fun to drive, sunroof, five speed. Big enough trunk room for my guitar, amp, gigbag, and pedalboard. Tight steering. Decent acceleration for such a small engine except when the a/c is on.

AM/FM radio with CD player, keyless entry, cruise control, steering wheel with radio controls, lack of show- offyness, pricing

The car is beautiful inside and out; I'm particularly impressed with the classically-styled gauges (with "modern" blue interior lights) and the impressive cargo room that neither Civic or Mustang can come close to. The Kenwood stereo is really cool and Tiburons are an absolute blast to drive!

Interior layout, dual exhaust (I've put on a pair of Magnaflow 1226's). The sleek design is a head-turner. The blue interior lighting at night is very pleasing to the eye.

Front exterior, really cute headlights. Awesome exterior contouring. 

Interior, dual exhaust, wheels(or as some people call them, rims) side mirrors, i love the front end of this car and side detailing. I like the partial leather seats because leather wears so fast, it looks sporty too.

I find the automatic climate control easy to use and equally effective. The cruise control is uniquely designed and easy to operate. The instrument panel is simple, yet very cool. The GT model comes with 17" alloy wheels that are really pleasing to the eye. Overall, the exterior design is superb!

I have the 4 cyl. with the sports package, so I love the sunroof and the bluetooth!

Body, Interior, Stereo, Rims

Exterior and interior looks. Shifttronic is a cool feature also.

Exterior and Interior style

Definitely the interior styling. Mine is black exterior with black interior and it looks amazing. Also I really love to drive this bad boy.

Sport seats are extremely comfortable...Kenwood system...road handling & solid weight...brakes...vision...blue illumination lights...headlights & highbeams...i love everything about this car!

The sound system is good, but not great. Also, the instrument/dash setup is unique and pleasing to the eye. Overall, the interior is nicely done, and leaves you with a satisfied feeling. This car is simply fun!

Excellent brakes and handling. Car feels solid

Love the look of this vehicle, and so does every one i drive by.. Co workers are wondering how i afford it. I have the black with black interior, It looks real hot...

love the sport shifter and looks of the car.

Sunroof and Blue lights on inside.

