Short and squat design with sport suspension keeps you glued to the road. Numerous safety features like 7+ air bags. Three different electronic stability control features. The manual Transmission has enough torque to start in 1st or 2nd gear with no throttle input.

Center panel in wood is AWESOME

Blind Sport. Volvo seating. Sound system.

Styling, Acceleration, uniqueness. Hatchback space. The Dynaudio stero is superb. Seats are comfortable all day long.

The great wheels are such a compliment to the exterior styling.

Exterior styling and quick acceleration. 

The dash containing the radio and the open back is quite original. I love looking at the outside of the car. Most people assume I spent about 35,000. they cant believe i got ALL that for 25,000!

The styling, engine, and available accessories. If you ever get bored w/ it, there are plenty of aftermarket vendors that make various of parts and accessories for the car. 

Heated seats! Like an in-car fireplace! Nice styling and visibility. Solid build.

The turbo, Tire Pressure Monitoring System (Volvo's is actually worth it), heated seats (once you have them you never go back), stability control, aux jack for iPod

T5 engine, interior/exterior, build quility, dynaudio (best stock system to date), looks, can install trip computer after car is built, aux jack

I love everything about this car. It turns heads and brings you home safe. Nice to see Volvo has maintained it's standard for body rigidity, functionality and saftey while posibbly designing the best looking Volvo ever to exist on the face of the earth. 

The 6-speed manual is the way to go for power and performance.

Slaying Mustangs at stop lights. Handles as good as my old GTI. Quiet. HP sound system is awesome. Sirius sat radio is great. Cool trip computer. I think I have the only matte gold C30 in America!

Performance, fun to drive, solid feel. Head-turning looks. Price. Many nooks and crannys to store stuff. Full size spare. I have only had mine a while, so reliability rating is only for the 1st few 1000 miles. 

BLIS; keyless entry & ignition; interior design; surprisingly comfortable back seats; suspension on highway driving; upgraded sound system

Initially I said the interior design was my favorite feature but after 9 months it has to be the drivers seat. Perfect driving position for me and it's very comfortable.





Incredibly supportive seats and powerful, responsive engine. Very precise steering as well. Killer looks that are fresh and unique amidst all of the clones.

The stereo is spectacular, the myriad controls over everything are like I've never seen in any car.

The R Design interior is stunning. Leather, dash. Stereo is great. Really cool storage area behind the dash.

Inline 5 cyl turbo engine, memory foam seats, legroom in back seats, unigue styling, upgraded stereo and smooth/quite ride. Chances are you will not see another C30 like yours, or see another one period. The cool factor of this car is off the charts, this is one cool Volvo!

Console, stereo system, heated seats



Dash design exterior design performance

None

I have the upgraded sound system with the ipod connection. The sound quality is so good that sometimes I look around thinking someone in the car with me. This is especially so regarding guitars and drums. That was absolutely worth the price.

2.5 liter turbocharged engine. The console is also pretty sweet.

Ride and handling tuning, while far from a Lotus Elise, is a good compromise for average driving conditions. One can have fun on mundane commutes.

Compact size, easy to park. Stereo system is fantastic (stock). Seats are great, manual even better than electric (too slow for rear access). Doors are HUGE for easy entry/exit (but heavy). Center "floating" console too cool for words and easy to use. Power is clearly there when you need it!

I love the power when you step on the gas. There is nothing worse than a car who cannot get out of its own way. The radio, power sunroof, comfortable seats/ride are several great features. 

Love the aux stereo/iPod connector in the armrest, and the floating dash. Overseas delivery was a great experience.

Engine - torque from 1500 rpm. Seats, great cloth and comfort. Visibility - what blind spot? Handling - tires grip great and suspension allows fun while still being comfy. 60" of cargo with seats down - fit more than I thought. All kinds of tech available. Regular maint is fairly easy for DIY.

dynaudio stereo rocks. stock stereo is great too. driver seat comfort. aggressive but sophisticated styling. safety technology. power. combo of sporty but comfortable drive. control of custom build feature. Just a great balance of everything: price, comfort, personality, safety, and fun

Interior design - interesting and unique but still simple and clean. The all glass hatch provides incredible rear visibility. A long list of standard safety features.

I can count on this car to do what I need it to do, which makes me feel safe and confident on the road.

exterior design. audio system.

Color, styling, sound system.

Safety features, engine and audio 

Seats, styling and engine.

Design, acceleration, body kit, nice sound system. 

227 hp turbo engine, stereo, safety features, automatic wipers and heated seats. Everything basically!!

The style, performance, gas mileage, in other words I love all the features.

The ride quality, interior and exterior.

I love the styling of the front of the car and the horsepower for the money.

