

- Heated Seats - Headlights - Trunk Space - Overall looks of the car 

Size and comfort level. I am a big guy. 6-0 245 pounds. Car is fine. The touring model doesn't "float", so the Ride is great. Not sporty, but not "old man" feeling either.

nice wheel styling

36 mpg's, smooth ride

Luxurious interior, audio system, screen display.

Voice activated navigation. The ride of the car, feels as if you are riding on air. 







Quiet ride, gas MPG - 24-25 normal driving, and 28-31 hwy depending on how much I stick my foot in it. 



Smooth, quiet & luxurious. Fantastic interior comfort. Drive train is outstanding. Lots of power & amazingly smooth with surprisingly good economy. I drive fast and I have averaged about 24 mpg overall. In town 20-24 mpg, on the highway 22-32 mpg. Outstanding value in a car.

Heated/cooled seats, bluetooth, sound system.

Smooth ride, interior design (except for the GPS), traction control, stability control (thank you Toyota)- it's amazing to see this in action especially on a slippery incline. The cassis pearl color.

Plenty of power from the V6 for any situation. Reasonably comfortable and all controls in convenient reach. Plenty of trunk room. Nice sound system. Quiet ride.

Nice riding car with lots of rear seat room.

Large car drive.

I like the gps and bluetooth. Great ride. Auto dimming mirror and side mirrors are great.

Comfortable, roomy, quiet. Very nice sound system. 

Comfort of the leather seats (the seat extender). Wood grain steering wheel and ride comfort. Blue tooth is awesome ( I avg 25 hrs week talk time). 

Reliability (absolutely headache free car), acceleration, interior design, space.

The auto has great leather seats, very adjustable and reclining rear seats, that sold me! A solid quality car where everything works together to do what you would hope a car would.

Great gas mileage, spacious cabin, pleasing exterior and very reliable. 

Ton of space in rear seating area and trunk. Glides over bumps and cruises nicely. You trade a little performance, but I'm ready for a smoother ride and a softer suspension. It's about as big as the big Lexus, Mercedes S or BMW 7 series, but w/o the expense and and headaches. 

Engine power, interior finish and comfort

a/c and heated seats and upholstery ease of driving, roomy backseat; lots of trunk space; just a nice car

Smooth transmission, great fit and finish and great sound system.

Laser cruise control, cooling seats and navigation system are upgrades from my 2001. 

Stereo auto start

Overall this car screams value for the money with unparalleled quality. Excellent features include quiet ride, flat rear floor, powertrain, excellent fuel economy on regular gas, JBL audio, ventilated front seats, auto wipers & HID headlights, large trunk, keyless entry/start & Blizzard white paint.

I love the heated and ventilated front seats, the rear sunshade, Bluetooth capability, the 360 watt blow you away sound system, the cavernous back seat. I could list more items, but I'd probably run out of character space.

Smart Key and Dynamic Laser Cruise Control are surprisingly nice to have, I'll insist on those features for all my future car purchases.

The car is so quiet I have to look at the tach to see if the engine is running while at a stop and it continues that silence while operating on normal paved roads. The seats are also very comfortable.

Too many to list but the handling, overall ride, interior comfort both front and back, and sound system with XM radio top the list.

Bluetooth phone link. JBL stereo with ASL and aux plug for iPod. Electric Seat cushion extender for driver (extra thigh support). Auto headlights and rain-sensor wipers. Heated and cooled front seats. Keyless entry and engine start. Dual seat/mirror memory tied to remotes. Flat rear seat floor.

Ride, comfort, MPG! Sound system

Comfortable seats, extremely smooth ride.

My wife loves this car and finds it more comfortable than a more expensive car we drive. I wish they had found a fix for this beautiful top of the liner. As long as there is a problem, I am not happy.

The option package for the Limited is the only way to go. A/C through the seats... ahh! Great stereo, comfy seats, auto backseat sunshade, keyless entry, plenty of power, getting about 24 MPG, huge trunk & glove box, bluetooth for telephone, MP3 plays through stereo. Good forward vision.

Comfort

The car is loaded with great features which puts it into the luxury class. Toyota has gone the extra mile with this one.

Horsepower, high tech but user-friendly dashboard, spacious interior, exterior/interior stylish design, plush leather seats, smooth ride, puddle lights on doors, Smart Key capabilities.

Peppy engine, good performance, good gasoline mileage. Keyless entry/start. Automatic windshield wipers.

Smooth and powerful engine, navigation system, Leather, comfortable ride, roominess, interior and exterior finish and fit.

interior space, exterior size and proportions

Engine power, rransmission, fuel economy(31 hwy, 20 local). Regular gas. Huge back seat (never use it).

Besides the ride, there is the keyless entry for doors and trunk, the finish and fit of the leather interior and the navigational screen that darkens at night. The look of the dashboard at night is also impressive.

Keyless entry and start is great if you always find yourself carrying things and fumbling for the keys. A rear sunshade should be standard on all cars. At first wary of the dynamic cruise control, but now I use it all the time in lighter traffic. It works very well. Headlights work very well too.

The ride is the best feature. I like the gauges, and the technology offered in the car. 

The seats are so comfortable that after 4 hour long, none stop trips, I didn't crawl out looking to streatch cramped muscles. I couldn't even tell it had been that long.

Large backseat. Real people fit and fit comfortably. You'd think you're in an early 70s Cadillac rear seat. 

Car drives very good. Good gas mileage and very responsive. Back seats are roomy and very comfortable. Sunshade is nice. Great visibility out of car. 

Keyless entry, nice leather comfy seats that can be warmed/cooled, back window curtain, sound system, indicators in mirrors, esp radar on the cruise.

Seats, 12 speaker JBL sound system, keyless entry and start.

Push Button Start/Stop, Mileage, Power w/6 speed Auto Trans, Roomy If you can live without a luxury name (lexus, bmw, etc), this car is great choice. For the money, you will get the most options and feel as though you are driving a $45,000 car for only $35,000. 

Luxurious feel and appointments of Limited, power, room in cab and back seat, stereo, integrity, anticipated reliability

Keyless entry, turn on at distance, blue tooth, seats, wow. I love this car

Smooth, quiet ride, bluetooth connectivity, great stereo, comfortable seats.

Great, smooth ride on hwy. and solid safe feel as well as improved transmission - some of the old hesitation seems to be gone. Brakes are good. Excellent sedan for the money - maybe best on market.

XM, the "no key needed" to start and stop the car, or to open or lock the doors. Unlike some others, I do not find the GPS to be a problem. I have two portable Garmin units, and this one is easier to program a destination. 

The interior fits me perfectly. Great sound system.The design of the car from all angles is very sharp. Toyota knew what to put into the car to make the driver happy. 

Bluetooth, laser cruise control, keyless entry.

Redesigned front end. Spacious interior. This automobile provides the best mix of performance, fuel economy and size for the money. No other car out there comes close.

Automatic everything.

The new car smell plus every thing about the car.

Navigation, JBL sound system, quality of leather seating, remote engine start. Power rear seat sunshade!

Great sound system, smooth acceleration, very quiet ride, good gas mileage especially on the highway.

Keyless entry. The feel of the steering wheel. The audio system and the overall look of the car. Plus that is only uses regular gas.

Everything outside and inside.



Smart Key, wood and leather trim, cooled seats, navigation and bluetooth.

The dynamic laser cruise control is impressive. A nifty power rear sunshade is practical and of course the keyless entry/ignition is neat. But most impressive is the voice-activated DVD navigation system.

Exterior design and interior control panel.

