Gas milage, auido package, handling.

Gas consumption averages 32 city and highway. Stereo system is above average.

Style, comfort (leather seats and leg room for 6 ft people), room to carry camping equipment and 4-5 people.

Seamless hybrid operation; comfortable on trips; flat screen display and representation of the power functions; 

The automatic lights on, for night time illumination. The automatic transmission with seamless shift changes. Lots of head room. It's a friendly, economic, and fun SUV

Comfortable seats, DVD navigation with 1 DVD for entire U.S and Canada, and Sirius XM satellite radio!

I got a package that included heated seats, which are a very nice addition. I also like the cloth cover that can be extended over the trunk area for privacy. The extra weight of the second battery also provides some extra stability.

Comfort of ride. The important controls are easy to reach. The seats are firm yet comfortable. The heated seats work well and very quickly. Lots of storage when the seats are down. Fit and finish are good. Got to love the hybrid best of all. Not too much of a complaint here. Ford got the SUV right.

Looks, versatility, gas mileage.

Zippy, great nav system, good leather seats, decent stereo, consistent 30 MPG.

Navigation, stereo, moon roof, size, color, and "greeness"

Hybrid - why else buy it, right? Navigation, upgraded stereo, handling, mileage for a 4 wheel drive, albeit all wheel drive vehicle. Pickup from stop for such a small motor/hybrid vehicle. I can pull away from a light on battery if I want or step on it in a hurry.

Hybrid feature works great. Excellent gas mileage in stop and go traffic. Lots of interior room. Very good comfort. Nicely equiped with lots of standard features (such as cruise, dual zone A/C, trip computer, fog lights, etc.)

Excellent gas mileage for an AWD vehicle. Significantly improved insulation form earlier models. Great in the snow.

Definitely the CVT. This performs wonderfully when driving though hilly/mountainous. The mileage is great! 

Performance & handling, love the NAV system.

The navigation system is large and full of information. Not a small 4.3" like the aftermarket units. But the gas mileage is my favorite. Even with the four wheel drive version I am often averaging in excess of 30 miles per gallon which is more than the vehicle is rated at.

The car comes with a backing up indicator that is great - if you use it you should never back up into anything again! And the split fold down seats are a must in this car!

Comparatively low purchase price. Fuel economy. Fuel Management System (part of navigation system). Cargo capacity. Seating comfort for 4 adults. Satellite radio

MPG!

Radio system rocks. Computer on dash tells your your mileage and the GPS built in is great

The stereo system rocks!

Room, lots of leg room. Love the electric plug, Ipod hook up, & navigation system.

Sun roof, hybrid technology, power outlet, exterior and interior styling, MPG display, roof rack, ice blue exterior color, blue interior lights...too much to mention everything.



Sirrus radio

6 cd MP3 system 110 volt outlet in front for household current - laptops, dvd players, charging cameras & camcorders. Styling - bold and aggressive. Kiwi Green color - (okay, that's my wife's one contribution) view from driver's seat. Hybrid - 'nuff said! 16" wheels, ground clearance, 10,000 mile oil chg

MPG great. Heated seats, awesome. Nav system worth the extra money. I got mine loaded, and love every option. The very best part is knowing that my money went to an auto worker in Missouri and a bank in Detroit rather than an oil tycoon. That alone makes it worth the extra money.

The instantaneous and average mpg display. (Put one on every car. As a nation, we would save millions of gallons of gas per year.) Satellite radio. Separate driver and passenger temperature controls. Side curtain airbags for all passengers. Sheer drivability and convenience.

Running on battery power; command of road, backup sensors, utility of space, gets lots of admiring glances. I record every filling--after 6,900 miles, my overall city/highway gas mileage is 35.3 mpg--from a low of 28.8 to a high of 39.1--and the trend is still improving as the weather improves. 

Hybrid! Good mileage! Excellent leather interior and amenities. Great sunroof! The mechanical/power/fuel consumption display and the whole media. GPS. Control center. All the displays and indicators. I'm really glad I could get one that's not a hideous green color.

Great seats, good use of space, I like the recycled seat fabric.Nice size for city driving.I wanted car from US company,even with annoying things listed below,not that much worse than competition to cause me not to stay with the model for the good things,I do not know yet about long term reliability

Stereo system, seat comfort, dual climate control, backup assist, income tax incentive and the most silent drive

Exterior updates for 08', stereo system, seat comfort, climate control system, backup assist, acceleration, moonroof, interior fit and finish. Income tax incentive. Silent ride on electric up to 40 mph - most hybrids only go up to 30mph on soley electric. Standard warrant for hybrid components.

Great gas mileage. Comfort. Quiet ride. 

Enjoy all of the "bells and whistles" that did not have on Explorer. Very smooth ride, and quiet. Handles well, fun to drive. 

By far it is the very geeky energy monitoring system that came with the navigation package. I also like the various pukas for stashing gear. The interior is spacious for the size of vehicle.

I love the interior. The ride is awesome. The stereo is surprisingly amazing for factory! And I love the MPG avg I get! 

GPS, satellite radio, gas mileage, and the fact it's an SUV.

Handles well for a Ford SUV. Have driven other Ford SUV's that do not handle well at all. This one does. Stock sound system is decent, but if you are used to an aftermarket system, you'll want to upgrade. I like the clean lines in the interior and the cab seems pretty quiet. 

Satellite radio, great cargo space, looks good, recycled seat material performs as good or better than the material on my past cars

Sound system is nice, so is the handling and the traction control.

Leather heated seats, illuminated mirrors, sirius, dual climate control, fuel economy, ipod outlet, even a place to plug my hairdryer (that was a joke)

Fuel economy in a hatchback SUV

Audiophile sound system (awesome!), climate control, satellite radio, head, leg and shoulder room (I'm 6'4")

Audio system, ride, handling, gas mileage, interior convenience, frequency of service (10,000 mile intervals), engine shuts off at lights and doesn't start again until around 25 MPH or when sharper acceleration requires it, can drive through parking lots on battery alone saving lots of gas.

Gas mileage (31 mpg overall within 1200 miles), the looks of the vehicle, the trip reports, sunroof, roominess, smooth ride, green color, government rebate, extras for the price.

Satellite radio- no doubt. Love the sunroof.

The gas mileage

Moonroof with one touch open, leather seats, sound system, electiric outlet, MPG, CVT.

Interior look with the NAV. Seats are comfortable. Regular plug in for computer. Look of the SUV without the chrome lower front. 

Gas mileage, leather seats, exterior look, big between front seats storage, power outlets. Stereo system. Quiet when driving city and highway. Makes an awesome 4 person short commuter, but that's about it (can't see it for long trips with the family).

Roomy interior for size, no road noise.

CVT, no hard shifts, silence of EV, information center, general comfort. 

The audio system. I finally can hear my Ipod the way it was suposed to sound. 

Leather seats, moonroof and navagation.

Plenty of room for a small SUV. Vehicle feels more substantial when driving it than it actually is. Transfer from electric to gasoline power is very very smooth.

Satellite Nav, MPG monitor

Economy, comfort, ease of parking, maneuverability, audio (bought the Nav system with the high end audio), appearance, price ($27,700 total), and very low emissions. The material for the seats is very good, and is 100% recycled material.

We love the Hybrid version used by Ford. It runs either electric or gas, but not both at the same time. The GM version runs both electric and gas simultaneously. Very solid feel.

Sunroof, 6 months free Sirius, power everything, unbelieveably quiet on the road, roomy, one touch open on the sunroof

Fuel mileage. MP3 and regular electric outlet. Quiet ride. Great visability. I especially like the exterior mirrors. Flip top glass on hatchback

Great mileage for an AWD SUV, quietness, low emissions. Appearance is nice, overall fit and finish is good. I also like the safety features provided by the multiple airbag systems.

The Audiophile sound system, satellite radio, moonroof, AC outlet, quiet ride and gas mileage.

Tight steering, gas mileage, leg and head room, very easy to drive.

Great sound system, including Sirius and MP3, huge sunroof.

Mileage, instrument layout, nav and audio sys, comfortable seats with good head room, all disc brakes, solid handling. Love the new ice blue color, does not show dust. Good power going up steep slopes at freeway speed. After 1st oil change then change every 10K 

Love the aux input for my i-pod and AC plug in (battery chargers for cameras, laptop, phones, i-pod). Display is easy to read and location is helpful up on the dash. The center console is huge. Great layout and storage. Seats are very comfortable. Lots of cabin room. Sharp styling.

Display for navigation. Monitor for instantaneous and average gas mileage. Moon roof is nice.

Moon roof, information displays, quiet, smooth ride, fun-to-drive factor, environmentally friendly.

The new design is great. The cabin noise level is much improved over the 2004. I drove the Camrey Hybrid and the Escape was just as quiet.

I like the look of the car and the fuel economy is great. 

My favorite features are the quiet sounding motor, easy to use control panel in the interior and the overall exterior styling.

Navigation package, high seats, and AWD.

Love the moonroof, Sirius radio, and fuel economy. Unbelievable!

Dash layout, navigation radio, mileage.

The city gas mileage is surprisingly high so far, surpassing the estimates. The gas mileage graph showing 15 minutes of MPG in one minute increments is a spectacular aid to maximizing the MPG.

Since we have to other 4-wheel drive SUV's we purchased the Escape Hybrid with FWD, but we purchased every option available including the navigation system. We did not have a navigation system of the last Jeep and the system is costly but worth the money.

Visibility and seating position. Comparable to V6 performance. MPG and friendlier to the environment. Very spacious and comfortable interior with lots of storage space for stuff.

Quiet, better gas mileage.

Size is just right, IMO. Audiophile sound is good, seats good, ride/handling improved, and they kept the weight down. Definitely has SUV feel, if that's what you want. Hybrid drivetrain is well done and makes more sense than V-6 & high price of Highlander. Near carbon neutral & made in Kansas City!

Pros: *Relatively quiet ride, although wind noise is apparent, esp. noisy moonroof (when tilted). *Very comfortable seats, with drivers being powered with vertical height adjustment (premium package leather). *Handling is quite good for SUV. *Fuel economy. *Good stock radio. *Great auto headlight.

