Comfort is good, ride is good, and milage is acceptable

The interior ergonomics is nice. I really like the self dimming mirrors. Seats are what is expected from GMC (very comfortable). Sounds good at the exhaust pipe.

Interior comfort. V8 power and nice exhaust sound. Build quality inside and out. Looks great. Tons of storage room in cab. Can tow just about anything with ease. Smooth transmission. Great value!

Towing and hauling capabilities, large front grille, comfortable leather seats, heated back and seat pads, 6 speed Allison, 33 gallon tank for long trips (MA to NC on a full tank!), OnStar, XM radio and steering wheel controls

I love the room and comfort. The info center is still a great feature and keeps me aware of temps, mileage, tire pressure, etc. I love the OnStar and would recommend it. 

Good interior styling. Good handling. Excellent transmission. Control features. Solid build quality

Gas V8 power. Smooth 6-speed auto. Front seat comfort. Interior look & quality. Exterior build quality. Not that rough of a ride (much better than my 01 Dodge Dakota and 04 Tacoma). Superb value for what you get.

Solid feel

The new outside style and interior are my favorites. Dual electric seats up front is great and large trailer mirrors work great. I think GM hit a home run with this truck. I get about 17 MPG on the highway

Exterior body style. Interior appointment

The info center and the rear seat room are real improvements.

Driver information center, the interior is a lot quieter than Ford or Dodge, and the manual shift button.

Far quieter than Ford or Dodge diesels. Heated leather seats. Separate temp control for the passenger. 

Handles V Plow with ease. Large windows gives excellent view all around 

Front seat comfort, acceleration (with 6.0 gas V8), ride for a HD truck, interior, good sounding stereo, quality, towing capability, solid build

Visibility and power

Precise handling, 6 speed transmission seems to be intuatively in the right gear for your driving style, but also has trailering (sport) mode or manual (+/- buttons). Driver information center including ave. mpg, miles remaining on fuel tank, tire pressures, oil life, etc. Styling inside and out.

Incredible power, excellent transmission cooling, integrated brake controller, outstanding fit and finish.

Duramax / Allison team is awesome!

For sure the interior, by far the best deign yet. Turn knob 4x4. Paddle shifter. The wheels as well 16" alloys. Exterior body styling is very smooth. And best of all the key is the same for the tailgate and glove box lock and ignition! Only 1 key for all

