

I didn't go with all the bells and whistles on this car, just wanted the muscle. I don't need NAV or steering wheel controls or anything that will be a headache in 20 years. "keep it simple stupid" is my mode of thought with new car technology, must be the old guy in me or something? 210% satisfied.

THe interior Is very well spaced it doesn't matter how tall or big you are most room in a car i have ever seen.

The Hemi, what a jewel! The Sirius Sat. Radio is nice. Comfortable, real leather seats.

Roominess, very quiet, fuel efficiency, smooth tranny

Front end appearance, Acceleration, Cornering, Mygig. (I've got 500 songs on it, and have only used about 5 gig.) Bluetooth, GPS, The car has CLASS! 

Power, Torque, Looks



I love everything in this car. The sound of it, the engine, the interior and exterior design. It is a muscle car in a family sedan cloak. The sound system is top notch. In dash nav system is great. I love everything about this car.

None at this time

The AUX plug in for my Ipod! I hate having to carry a CD case every where. Just everything is my favorite. I love my car.

Little road noise, intimidating bodystyle, RWD w/ traction control nice in the snow

manual override with auto clutch. AND that little button on the console which turns the traction/stability program OFF.

Hemi power, better than expected gas mileage, value.

Engine performance, outside styling, interior room and truck space.

Horsepower and the my gig entertainment system. Retro look.

The R/T performance leather seats. Very adjustable and comfortable. It runs and handles as well as it looks. 

0-60 timer, Sirius radio, touchscreen radio, the growl in idle...everything!

Hemi power-awesome! Adjustable pedals, steering column. MYGIG- leather&suade interior- lots of room and comfort- smart 5-speed electronic transmission- great ride with no cabin noise- great price for this much technology and style. 

Performance, price for performance, quality, and semi-retro styling

Everything

Comfortable, and a lot of people compliment it.

The exterior design draws attention everywhere. I was afraid to park it until a seventy year old gentleman in a beat up old pickup pulled up next to me at a stoplight and yelled "damn that's a bad--- car!" at me. The car has the look, sound, the comfort, the feel and the power. Thanks Dodge!



The look and feel of it, it's a beast!

back seat, sun roof heck the whole car

Looks great inside and out, great trunk space

Seats-very plush and comfortable.

Looks inside and out of this car, amazing stereo, tons of room in this car, smooth quiet ride, Key FOB is awesome!!

I love the body style and the room it has. The car is beautiful and looks very sporty.

FOB Key (no more metal), Remote Start, EVIC, My GIG, Sirus, Quick Ratio Steering, R/T handling package(BIG PLUS!)

Sirius Radio and Navigation system. And of course the V-8 HEMI.

Exterior style,Interior room and Sirius Satelite.

WIDE cabin, roomy trunk, satellite radio.

The interior room and the truck size. With growing kids we need all the room we can get. Also, the power and performance.

Interior room, exterior appearance of the SE Plus package with the alloy wheels and the 3.5 V6 engine. Trunk room.

Rear wheel drive

The grille and headlights, the body lines, ah, what a pleasure!

I love the visibility, as it is not a low riding car, the roominess, the great gas mileage i get. The sound system is great. And again i love the Sunroof. And i love the color Red it is.

The powerful 425-hp engine, the monster exhaust note, the comfortable bucket racing seats, complimentary exterior colors and trims, superb performance, great music system..

The engine of course, the amount of room inside the car, the sporty looks, and the performance.

Hemi and the RT package

 The 425 HP engine, the color (Classic B5 Blue) the seats.

All wheel drive & sunroof

Steel blue color, large tires, firm safe ride

HEMI I commands respect against all takers luv that I don't need specail gadgets to play my ipod in it just a cord. Luv sirius also 

Interior is super comfortable, and lots of leg room for rear passengers, and a huge trunk. The trunk has actuators so it eliminates the hinges that crush your groceries.

MDS for the highway - I get 24 mpg if I'm on straight highway with the V-8! That's very impressive. My family loves the seat warmers! 

The R/T package upgrade 

One word, HEMI, I added a mopar cold air intake. This really makes it sound great at WOT. The My Gig and sirius are fantastic options, This car handles, stops and starts great. It's a great car for the family that is not the mini van type or ready for an old foggie car. Lifetime powertrain warranty

Understated muscle with a Hemi, AutoStick tranny, Sirius radio, GPS navigation with UConnect system, 6 Boston Acoustics speakers, dual zone automatic temperature control, roomy interior and trunk, reasonable economy for a full-size performance car and at a reasonable price.

The speed is out of this world, auto/Manual change of shift 

My gig. Of course the power and sound of the engine. Brembo brakes too. Bluetooth is great.

Stylish interior, plenty of leg and head room, great radio and sound system...and of course the power.

The HEMI. Plus, it's delightfully sinister looking. Great cornering grip on dry pavement, minimal body roll for its size. Ride is smooth and the cabin is quiet. Mileage isn't bad at about 18 mpg combined and compares against the 14.6 mpg my 2005 Ram 1500 4x4 HEMI returns

Power sunroof, handling, comfort and roomy trunk. Sirius satellite radio, iPod (input) jack, Key fob is cool since it does not look like a regular car key!

The exterior design. The 350hp engine and enough tourque to twist steel, and surprisingly good V-8 gas mileage.

Appearance is great. Response to acceleration is very good for a fairly heavy sedan. Overall, an extremely nice car to own. The lifetime warranty on drivetrain is a major plus. 

The acceleration would have to be my favorite feature, so far. I have only had it one day so I am sure I will find many more favorite features over time.

Satellite radio, UConnect, large trunk, and comfortable seats.

Power and traction

