

Suspension, power

Heads up display is awesome. Keyless entry, comfort access, 20 way multi-contour seats, navigation, ride.

Versatile auto trans BMW Assist free for life of warranty 300 HP! Auto wipers and high beams

Sport package (I do not wish to drive my sofa), I Drive, style, bluetooth, ventilation system, window shades, SEATS. 33 MPG. Angel eyes, Generous trunk space (3 golf bags with ease).

Handling/road manners - superb. Very comfortable ride doesn't interfere with road feedback, all wheel drive, panoramic sunroof, POWER-the torque is awesome, included maintenance that covers EVERYTHING.

Smooth, powerful turbo motor, unflappable awd in wet, 6sm shifter and clutch work like butter, beautiful interior. Lots of room compared to 3 series esp rear seat. Heated seats and steering wheel.

smooth engine, seating comfort, fuel mileage, driving balance, xenons

Steering, ride, strong and predictable brakes, smooth engine, great stock seats, outside looks, prestige. The controls are sublime.

Fun to drive.

Transmission, ride and performance.

Engine and suspension are head and shoulders above the competition. The 20 way adjustable seats sealed the deal.

Power, comfort, styling, wheels, maintenance program.

Sirius radio, warranty, styling.

Acceleration and handling. The audio system is pretty good as well. This is a driver's car!

The L7 stereo upgrade is phenominal with the iPod hook-up. The Bluetooth marries with my Blackberry nicely and makes communications easy. AWD for those snowy Chicago winters.

Comfort seats, ride, handling, twin turbos. Mileage gets better every day avg 22 mpg. The fit and finish are outstanding. This is the best car I've ever driven.

Steptronic, Sirius radio, iDrive.

The iPod, Bluetooth, seats, Logic 7, performance and yes, iDrive which takes an hour to master.

The iDrive, new twin-turbo engine.

Push-button pre-sets for radio stations, ability to change vent settings (directional flow of air through vents) without having to go into iDrive, comfort access impressive compared to other vehicles with keyless entry, new logic-7 with HD is stupendous.

Acceleration, feel and the new gearbox, simulating the X5 and the iDrive.

Twin turbo, iDrive, bluetooth phone (the best I've seen so far), navigation with real time traffic alert, driving to/from work. 

Sirius radio, cruise control, keyless = convience package, big trunk for golf clubs, lots of horses.

Lines. The ability to take my dog in the back. Sound of engine. Acceleration (although it has a slight hesitation/turbo lag). The fact that its a BMW.

My favorite "creature comfort" is the iPod dock. My favorite tech feature is the "Traffic disruption warning" on the nav system.

The fat leather and aluminum trimmed Sport steering wheel with paddle shifters. The 18" multispoke wheels. The aggressively styled tailights. 

Ventilation feature is a nice addition and welcome on hot days, chimes instead of bells are harmony, and precise airflow controls let my passenger/me choose exactly how much air flow over every inch of our bodies. The glow of the lights is stunning.

The comfort seat is the best car seat in the industry. I really enjoy the iPod adapter. The nav and HUD combo is sweet and easy to use. The iDrive ties it all together. However, the BMW handling takes the cake. 

Sport package, the seats are the best! Smooth transmission, excellant steering, iDrive is helpful, and the overall handling. 

The smaller engine has plenty of pop and the AWD gives great confidence in the turns, not just in wet weather. The gear selector is quick and easy, the bluetooth works seamlessly, and the car is very comfortable. It has the sturdy feel missed by the Lexus GS 300 and handles rough roads smoothly.

Night vision, HUD, 20 position seats.

Twin turbo 300 hp engine; electronic transmission, additional wood along doors, presets for radio up front without going into iDrive, comfort access system is great, HD radio and premium sound stupendous, rear sunshades a must here in Florida. Daytime running lights great.

Acceleration, interior space and quality (fit and finish.) 

Favorite features include the twin-turbo engine, smooth transmssion, iDrive, Bluetooth features, iPod connectivity, BMW Assist, 4 year service, multi-adjust heated seats, cornering headlights, and luxurious feel to the inside.

Suggested Improvements

The iDrive system, heated steering wheel, sound system.

20-way seat position, comfort access package, quality of interior surfaces, overall performance. Highly recommend the premium and sport packages.

What I love the most is the 4 year maintenance plan. I love the iDrive and the iPod capabilities! The bluetooth is a very nice feature. The luxurious feel of the car; the seats are so comfortable! The car takes off beautifully and drives like a dream. I also love the heated seats and gear stick.

Clear head-lights, keyless entry, sports package, premium package-contouring seats and lighting system, larger display screen, new and improved on-board computer (navigation, bluetooth, etc).

The 20 way adjustable seats are great. Also, the iDrive offers lots of features. Bluetooth for cellphone works flawlessly - it turns radio down when a call comes in. Stereo is very good for a stock stereo -- MUCH better than prior stock stereos from even a couple of years ago.

Horsepower, iPod interface, exterior and interior looks, iDrive and satellite radio, new electronic shift lever and modes, adaptive xenon headlights and LEDs for brakes and signals. Inclusive service 4 years/50 k.

The dreaded iDrive. It's simple and intuitive once you've spent a half hour with it.

The new twin turbo engine is very smooth and powerfull. The iPod integration is a great additon. Base car without the sports package handles extremely well at high speeds without sacrificing ride quality or luxery feel. BMW free 4 year maintenance is a big financial advantage over Mercedes.

Comfortable interior and new front body styling are my favorite features. chrome trim around the windows add a nice touch too. 

The iPod integration, nav with 3-D perspective view, 20 way multi-contour seats, new 535 engine.

IDrive, iPod adapter, sport package seats (amazing), appearance, bluetooth system, 4 years maintenance.



Engine, transmission, Logic 7, Comfort seats, keyless entry, Real time traffic routing, bluetooth and iPod integration with iDrive. All-weather capability on good aftermarket all season tires. Ventilated seats (special option). The Xenon headlamps at night. And most all, the drive!

The trunk has lots of room.

Comfort Seats, Auto folding exterior Mirrors, Sports driving mode

Miles per gallon highway, powerful 300 horsepower pick up, nice stiff and sporty drive, sport mode transmission, and yet comfortable, XM satellite, comfortable seats, hot design--black on black looks hot.

Engine, sport suspension

20 way comfort seats, ride , handling, performance. The company is standing behind their product and although it took a while for me to figure out how to get to the right people, I am confident in the actions being taken by BMW.



The car is awesome to drive, i just can't keep it out of the shop. The dealer has tried very hard. Fortunately the warranty is good for a while, but I won't be able to afford the car once that expires. This car will suck the money out of my wallet faster than my 42 ft Sea Ray. Otherwise love it.

Paddle shifters, heated seats.

Great V8 motor in the 550i with nice exhaust note on my sport package model.

Logic 7 in "theater" mode with lower- end tweaked up slightly and you are surrounded by your own soundtrack. Comfort seats, solid handling, smooth n quick shifts. Sport mode is great for city driving, great downshifts.

Handling, interior, sat radio, and exterior styling. 

Interior design and comfort, vehicle handling, speed, sound system.

Sports package, leather seats, handling, excellent fit and finish, driving experience

Handling, styling, new auto shifter, iDrive (and yes iDrive is complicated. If you want a information center to provide a lot of features, then there will be some amount of complication, but it blew me away) and the comfort seats (none better).



Smooth handling, stylish appearance, roomy, powerful engine, good trunk space, iDrive, heated front rear seats, heated steering wheel, rain-sensing wipers, and poplar wood trim.

The seats and the engine. The seats feel like you are sitting in someones hand. The car has the right amount of power. I test drove the other models 5 series but they felt under powered. 

The car has the sport package (looks and performance), premium package (comfort), shift paddle in the wheel (fun to use), and navigation system.

Very happy with the purchase! IPod adapter works great even with older models like gen 4 black n white screen iPods (fully compatible). I've also tested gen 6 iPod touch which also works flawlessly. 

The drive, handling, quietness, usb audio integration

Sport package; L7 stereo is tops; silent, stable yet nimble ride; road feel; efficient confidence.

Handling, power, sound system, keyless start, seat comfort, just the overall joy to drive.

The heated seats/backrests are superb, the iPod connection, and after some fiddling with it, I like the iDrive.

Simply put the drive; lux ride quality in a car that's under 50k, sport ride in a four door sedan with comfort, all wheel drive that puts you into the corner and keeps you there. 

New iPod adapter is sweet. Good trunk space. Xenon (leveling) headlights are first rate. Rear headlights look super with the new "striped" lenses.

The twin-turbo, beast of an engine. The technology - bluetooth, iPhone hookup, amazing sound, the best seats in the business, handling, the ride, the look, the feel.

Comfort, quality, fuel economy

HD radio, Logic 7, comfort access, rear sunshades (a must here in Florida)

Ride, technological advances, acceleration once car is mobile, handling, exterior look except back lighting design, cockpit design, quiet interior

Looks, performance, fit and finish are great.

The seats with sport package are the most comfortable in any car I have ever owned (2 Audis, 3 Mercedes, Saab, Volvo, VW) hands down. The beauty of the exterior, with those gorgeous LED rears lights and helpful side entry ones. The superior fit and finish of all parts (except cupholders). The engine.

Driving in manumatic brings out the best in the 300 hp twin turbo with no noticeable turbo - lag. As far as acceleration and handling, only a true sports performance sedan (BMW M series, Merc AMG, Audi S series) could do better. The iDrive is a breeze.

Park distance control (great for garage parking), iPod interface, heads up display, HD radio, sports package (the way it looks and handles), navigation and voice commands.

Twin turbo engine acceleration, luxurious feel, solid chassis, amazing performance, iDrive prevents clutter in cockpit, huge trunk space, large back seats with leg room compared to 3 series (I am 6'2" and have sat there), cheaper than E-class (which get worse mileage and are used as taxis in europe).

Performance, handling, transmition, iPod connector, bluetooth. Trunk space, interior room, steering wheel. Rain sensing wipers. Sport seats. Quietness. 

Power when there is not a lag on initial pedal depression, Handling at high speeds is the best, Big trunk and lots of rear seat space. HUD display is very nice. Good looks.

iPhone/iPod integration, heated steering wheel. Sport steptronic is a beast even in 528.

Manual, power, space, traction, invisible to police. 

My favorite feature is the mouse. Next the seat.

Steering, engine, 6-speed automatic transmission are all superb. The iPhone integration is the best, the speed control (passive) display is inspired, the rain-sensitive wipers are fun and work just right. The trunk is spacious and with the fold-down seats I can get the recylables to the center.

Handling, performance (if excluded 2 second hesitation from full stop), ride, cockpit lay out, technology features, quietness.

Looks of the car, the xenon headlights at night, the gorgeous anthracite bamboo trim in the interior, the standard 9 speaker stereo

Smooth as silk V8; 6spd manual transmission; BMW's four year, 50K maintenance program; nav; heads up display; active steering; comfort access; push button start; 20 way adjustable, ventilated seats; park distance indicators; manual short shifter; exterior look of the aero package

Speed, handling, quiet, technology

Sport transmission, handling, interior. Display displays track titles in multiple languages, power.

Xenon lights, PDC, interior red lights, Bluetooth, 20 way position seats, handling, breaks, sound, automatic cooling/heating of interior with a timer (no need for autostart). 18" wheels (a must), comfort access system (worth every penny) etc.

6 speed manual transmission. Strong motor. Perfect steering feel.

Real time traffic with the nav. The car just looks mean.

Twin Turbo engine, Logic 7 sound, ipod interface you can shuffle, voice command, flawless bluetooth interface, comfort access, sport package

Comfort seats, rain sensor wipers, dashboard, style, horsepower & torque.

20 way seat adjustments, Logic 7 Surround Sound, iPod integration, and the sport gear shift with the paddle shifters as well. And of course the engine. 

Style, engine, build. You've arrived when in a BMW.

Seating, handling, iDrive, bluetooth.

I love the hands free calling with Bluetooth. It works like a charm! I really like the iDrive. I like that I can change the programming for almost everything such as, door locks, steering wheel functions, turn signal. I like the six programmable buttons by the radio. 

Comfort seats, iDrive, power, engine sound, heads-up display, bluetooth phone (once you get it configured properly).

Seating, handling, iDrive, bluetooth.

Turbo 300 hp engine, supurb handling, Bluetooth interface

All wheel drive, extremely smooth drive train, multi-contour seat upgrade, all the entertainment upgrades.

20-way seats, heated steering wheel, night vision, Logic7 stereo, heads up display, quiet on the road.

Bluetooth, Logic 7, heated everything, 300HP and comfort seats

300 hp twin turbo in-line 6 engine, heated seats and steering wheel with cold weather package

Love the engine, handling, looks and the sporting nature. It's luxurious while always being ready to play. 

Optional 20 way seats. Engine.

The same engine. New window controls, more powerful engine, tighter and stiffer body.

IPOD integration is excellent, as is the HD radio, although it seems to echo sometimes. I'm not sure why. I love the bluetooth simplicity. The iDrive is not as awful as professional critics would have you believe.

Sport package, power folding mirrors, voice activated controls.

IDrive(it's easy), base stereo is very good, sport seats, 6spd tranny w/ paddles. Car is very luxurious coming out of a 911. They should offer M suspension on the 535i. A thoroughly enjoyable car all the way around.

Ride, handling & the great looks of this automobile

The M/T, Sports Package, the motor and the thrill it gives you to oower through the gears. One can get into a lot of trouble with this car if they are not careful!

engine, ipod adapter, interior, solid build quality

The solid feel, the ride, handling, and the response when you step on the gas. Bluetooth, upgraded sound system and the Ipod interface. Heated seats don't just warm the seat cushion but also the backrest

Steptronic, power/torque curve, seats, headlights, warranty, handling.

Handling and power. Styling, interior space, huge sun roof - except for the small air leak, satellite radio.

iDrive, no really! Sound and climate systems. The awesome engine and excellent handling. It is so comfortable. IPod feature. 

Power, ride, cruise control, iDrive, navigation.

iPod, navigation, heated steering wheel, just about everything else in the car. 

300hp twin turbo, seat comfort, iDrive (yes, when you get used to it, it is a great device), handling, Bluetooth link is fantastic.

The twin turbo in line 6. Nice torque at low rpms.

