Power, 6 speed is very smooth. I can get 30 mpg highway with this beast if I want and I average 25 in the city with intake and stage 1 installed.

Stylish and roomy

Cruise Control, CD Player, Air Conditioned glove box

Aggressive Exterior look. CVT changes gears seamlessly. Good acceleration for a 4cyl.

Chillzone, the torch, the illuminating cup holders, the stereo..

Headlights automatically come on. haven't yet tested out the AUX.

The 2 glove compartments, our drinks stayed cool even when the a/c wasn't on full blast. The flip down speakers on the back hatch are awesome. I LOVE how low I can adjust the seat belt, in any other car I've always been choked by it...not in this car! It sits right next to my shoulder. 

Gas Mileage! Great step-in height, which isn't that noticeable until you compare it to a civic or other mid size car. Great when running short errands around town. Interior lighting. Moon roof very nice. Like the hands free phone, and self dimming rear view mirror. 

EQ/very little dist. when cranked, driver's seat ratchet, cargo cover, full size spare, aggressive body styling, large tires, tight handling, two glove boxes, foot room under ft seats for rear passengers, adjustable seat belts, lots of airbags, 5star front/side crash rating, pwr/manual lock combo.

-fit and finish is good(better than the GMs I have owned before, and better than some of the newer ones out there now). -interior plastic is not flimsy or bad- fitting(again better than GM). -great stereo system and great radio reception. -seats are comfy. -great ride. -gas mileage is great.

Looks and comfort.

Looks/Design, Versitality, Mileage, Fun to drive.

a smooth 6-speed and 285hp not to mention I'm getting 31mpg on the highway. Performance after market parts are here so if your looking for a tuner car this is it. 

Hatchback, cargo area, looks, reliability.

Chill-Zone, Sunroof, Sirius Radio (In General), CVT (for sure), Yes Essential Seats, hauling space when seats are laid down, lighted cup holders (Miss that now), 115 volt outlet, and the rechargeable flashlight in the rear.

Leather heated seats, cargo room, reliability, comfort, aux jack, gas mileage.

Sound system, seat height, storage

Gas pedal! Excellent power, brakes and handling. Most comfortable seats/sitting position of any small car.

lighted cup holders, chilled glove box, handling and turning, drivers seat adjustability

the chill station is off the hook. the dodge stamp in the front, the ram... keep the beefiness that other dodges have...

ESP

The Chill-Zone glove box keeps cold drinks cool. The seats are comfortable and hold you in place. The best part of them is that you don't sit on the road, low to the ground. You open the door and sit down. The base radio/CD player is the best factory radio setup I've ever had. Good gas Mileage.



odorless seats. sound quality. vehicle dimensions. 120V AC plug. I absolutely love how the rear seats fold down. The middle seat belt stays completely out of the way. You can disconnect it entirely!

Great gas mileage, fun to drive. Great transmission. You do not feel it shifting gears

Still like the large dash, the outer body of the car looks really good (eye Candy). shifter,seats,and A/C is all a plus also the displays all in good locations. motor sounds great at this point good power, I like the cvt transmission for the most part.

radio, cvt, gas mileage and functionality and design; the bright colored interior inserts and dash

Great pickup, comfortable bucket type racing seats, shifts reasonably smooth, a 6spd is a huge plus. Mean little stance when you look at it from all angles

great looks good mileage for an awd.

large dash, auto trans shifter NICE, stain guard fabric, 110 volt plug, DOHC Engine, safety features side/ front air bags, Air Conditioner that gets cold with the new type freon! Warranty. 

ride, style, price, value, and comfort.

Looks muscular and sporty; ride quality, power and handling are good for the price range. 

good stereo. decently stylish compared to other cars in its class. good price and a lifetime waranty that can't be beat

Sport stick with 6 speed flick shift.

Nice lines and paint. Good sound system.

Good get up and go power - easy to park - looks very nice and sporty

Body styling

Ride, pep, appearance, stereo, headlights(at night), large back seat. 

I really like the way it handles. It gives you the small car handling with a mid-size car ride. I also am amazed at the power. I got it for highway driving and it has performed very well in passing. The seating is also more comfortable then I thought it would be. They are heated (5 star safety)



5 star crash rating-nice to look at-in and out-Sporty and utilitarian. Plastic is okay at 20K, roomy interior for driver and passenger and love cargo-SXT best. Drives well and great mpg-low cost to maintain. If you want a Lexus or Ferrari buy one or a bike-that too-this is the best deal. Thank you Dodge

Cargo and interior space. Doesn't look wimpy like a Honda Fit or the like. Base stereo not too bad. Car handles nice. 18" wheels (SE Plus package) look nice!

2.4 liter turbo, styling

I love the seats and the sound of the exhaust.

The car is loaded and they are all great, I have no favorites.

Chill zone, seat comfort, a/c, fold down rear seats, stereo system, overall look

Real size 17 inch wheels and tires. Easy access to oil filter and drain plug. U-Connect is better than you think once you start using it. Dash color at night. Heavy duty spare cover in hatch. 7" of ground clearance for winter driving. Rear leg room and underseat room in front.

Power and performance

Fully adjustable driver's seat, fold flat front passenger seat, the utility of the crossover sport wagon configuration, aggressive styling, and the options I selected: sunroof, heated seats, premium sound, in-dash CD changer, fog lights, and the safety rating.

Nice 5 speed, Body design, trunk design

Color, seat inserts, sunroof, fun to drive. 

The blind spots behind me and the plastic seats that are sold as "beneficial." Apparently, driving into a pole is a good thing, or so the blind spots say. And it tells oodles of what Chrysler thinks of young buyers that they include the plastic seats.



Cirrus radio, light in the cup holders, phone holder plug in for home charger refridge



Cooler on top of dashboard, ride quality, great stereo system, excellent gas mileage!

Interior lighting, cooler in glove box.

Looks, radio, seat comfort, easy to reach controls, head room, steering.

Interior color, Sirius, sound system, sunroof, heated seats, comfort with driving.

Interior Comfort.

Illuminated Cup Holders, Chill Zone, Instrument Cluster, SIRIUS Radio (free one year), space

Body style and the tight road performance

Don't know where to start... We have the basic radio with 4 speakers... it sure don't sound like the bottom system!!! Mp3 player holder. Movable arm rest? Cabin and seating make it seem like a much larger vehicle. Seats are comfy for those long trips! I already have 3,050 miles in 29 days.

When you punch it...It GOES!

Car design and room inside the car.

MPG, lighted cup holders, style

Lighted cup holders

AWD, ESP (Electronic Stability Program) Classy leather seats, roomy, stereo.

2 tone interior. Black interior with the red accented seats and console. Beverage cooler and lighted cup holders



Folding front passenger seat, hatch and rolling tonneau, stain-resistant fabric seats, removable cargo mat, surprising get-up-and-go for a four cylinder, and this is a pretty heavy car. I think that only helps on icy roads and drifted snow. The front wheel drive is working as well as my 4x4 Dodge.

Interior and style. Safety- 5 star rated (I know)

I really like my heated seats and the 9 speaker stereo with built in sub

285hp engine, Great 6 spd trans, nice looking exterior, firm handling ride, seats and seating possision. Steering wheel radio controls, and price

AWD better than limited slip. When roads are a little icy slush covered kicks right in and goes

Hatchback, fold down front/rear seats good for hauling. Like a micro SUV. Oil filter easy to get to. Fog lamps are nice.

Gas mileage, room and style.

Stereo although it drives well!

