Performance is amazing. The suspension is great - perfect for a daily driver. Any firmer and you'd wish it was just a track car. Downright heavenly exhaust note - I do wish this was a bit less muffled. Great Torque/HP range from the engine...from 2.6K RPMS it's got plenty of pulling power.

Impeccable interior. Great handling. Effortless acceleration. Really takes off and grabs the road when you down-shift at higher speeds. Best looking non-exotic on the road.

Suspension, engine transmission are outstanding. Interior design and fit and finish are great. It is by far the best looking production car available today! The ride is perfect, firm but compliant. Goes over road imperfections like they aren't there. That's the biggest difference between S5 and M3 

Engine, six-speed, seats and style, inside and out. 

Interior and exterior styling, trunk space, build quality, B&O stereo, throaty exhaust note

I-Pod/cell phone integration , Quattro AWD, redline 7000RPM, rear parking assist, push button start,aggressive styling and wide stance. Exhaust rumble.

Everything

The Audi interior. Best seat comfort there is. All of the controls are there for you and interior materials are first rate. Band & Olufsen stereo is a bargain for the sound quality. The 6 speed manual is a pleasure to use and the S5's handling and responsiveness is great fun. 

Technology package is a must with the advanced key entry and the back up camera. It's not just a camera, but has computer overlay graphics to aid in backup and parallel parking. iPod integration is perfect, copying the iPod display. Bluetooth support to import phonebook is awesome!

The Tech in this car is just enough, zero over kill. Useful features that are easy to figure out and easy to use. All controls have the right amount of resistance (detents) in their action. Makes the controls feel expensive and precise. I love the rims and tire package too.

Technology and bluetooth/iPod integration (phone book on my Blackberry Curve appeared). Torque will put a grin on your face. Exhaust note is a perfect rumble. Interior switchgear and overall fit/finish is world class. Car has an exotic feel about it, great value.

Driver control of all things fun are very integrated. Exterior styling - WOW! That's what made it an instant buy. Front running lights should be renamed to front running Smile due to their combined shapes! Did I say the exterior appearance?

Quattro all wheel drive. It makes the X drive from my BMW seem defunct and subpar. 4.2lt V8 that goes up to 7000 rpm. The way the thing looks inside and out! The performance and cornering! Everything!

