Power, seats, HUD and handing.

Overall outside look. Acceleration, stopping power, handling, gas mileage is amazing for the engine

Remote start(auto cools/heats) the interior too. 5.3L V8 has great get up and go. Affordability, Better HUD than previous Grand Prixs, AFM this is a biggie: Active Fuel Management turns the V8 into a V4 under low load driving conditions. Nice large slotted rotors, Bilstien gas shocks,DIC informative

ENGINE!! I have an aftermarket soundsystem in my car, the stock stereo was fine. Seating capacity is good for 5. The in-dash CPU is helpful. Steering ratio is great. Rear doors open nearly 90 degrees, good for handicaps. Trunk is like my old Lincoln, great. Alloy wheels match car (silver) Storages.

Heads-up display and steering wheel radio functions. Heated seats are great in the winter.

The Power obviously sold the car. The exhaust rumble especially. The exterior is fine although the editor, whom probably didnt even drive the car thinks not! As for 0-60 time ...its under 6 seconds easy! Again the editor who reviewed this vehicle could have been at the bar and not in the car.

Cruise, tilt wheel, automatic, power seat, ele instant fuel usage, miles to go on tank aprox, stereo controls on steering wheel, power everything ex passenger seat, quiet interior, ele tire pressure gauge, auto start, two plug ins for charging, ok rims, runs very quiet, big trunk fold down rear sea.

Sound system, powerful 3.8,6 cyl engine which delivers a steady 24.4 miles per gal in the city, and close to 29 going up north. Drives like a dream. This is one of my favorites since I started driving back in 1970.

when you get in, everything revolves around the driver! It's a very smooth ride! Enough to sit 2car seats, plus another person (in the back)!

Powerfull realiable V8. Love the 303 Hp that can be modded with a chip and intake to 335 Hp. Beautiful comfortable seats. People knock the style but I love it, and it can be modded as well with chrome grille and trim. Gas is better than expected for the power. 5 year/ 100,000 mile power train warranty!

The style of the Grand Prix

V6 power, great price for a 2008 certified vehicle, sporty drive, feel and look.

Driver Information system with instant gas mileage , trip info outside temp. XM radio controls, fold flat seats cargo capacity. 21 MPG city, 30+hwy Used car pricing at far less than MSRP. It may have stiff competition at MSRP in terms of value, but as a slightly used car, its value is unsurpassed

what's not to love! my husband loves the driver's side, everything just molds around you! lol men



Impressive standard equipment, low MSRP, solid 3800 Series III motor, pleasing interior set up, great looking automobile.

Handling in the twisties is very nice. The base 3.8 is strong & smooth especially from 20-60 but a little more power might be nice. I love the fuel economy gauge - why don't all cars have this? With plenty of stop & go and uphill driving, I averaged about 21 mpg- not bad!

Steering wheel mounted radio~cd controls, . Driver info center. 360 degree swivel heat/ac interior vent controls (nice)."ergonomic"- leather~steering wheel & gearshift "wraps" (really nice too) !

Lot's of power, sweet exhaust note, European sports car and 1960's muscle car all rolled into one.

Sports car for a family design. Millions of buttons on dash, you must have at least a 120 brain score to operate... just kidding; I like it.

I love everything about this car

Aluminum on the steering wheel rims are nice and the 200 hp v6 is sweet

Heads up (although that was around on older import sports cars in the 80's), heated leather seats, sun roof, overall look (kinda sneaky people don't expect to hear that motor roar like that!) I LOVE THIS CAR!

Everything!

The seats and V8! Heads up too!

Get up and go (when pointed straight) - heated seats - finger tip controls Last year of this dinosaur model. You'd think after 4+ years they could get it right.

Powerful V8 engine, front bumper design over the standard Grand Prix, sued inserts, leather and I like how the GXP package comes standard with almost every option. The G8 GT doesn't come with leather and such standard. I also like the enhanced wide track for cornering. 

Console features, bucket seats with lumbar support for driver, deep trunk, steering wheel controls. 

smooth powerful V8, huge NAV screen and features, heated leather seats w/ suede inserts look and feel hand stitched and plant you solid on turns, quality looking dash with nice feel to all knobs. Sleek looking exterior. 

V8 power, cornering, and suede leather interior.

G meter on info page. Cross drilled rotors. Exhaust note. 

Overall driveability friendliness. Get in, turn the key and take off. A sweet, sweet vehicle that blows the competition off the road at a great price. GM does it like the old days. Try it once folks and compare to those so called "other" performance vehicles. You can't beat the price. 

HUD, 5.3 V8, and the heated seats.

Tire monitor, DIC, reliable engine . 

I will say, there is PLENTY of head room! Also, the keyless entry remote works over crazy long distances. The outside of the car looks ok, nothing bad and nothing good. I'm really trying to be positive here...

Heads up display

I am a lanky 77" tall. I fold into this car like a tailor made suit. Very good room.

The interior is excellent! Unless you like a lot of architectural metals and wood work inside your car. The huge windshield is a real plus.

