I can say the ride/comfort level in this car is good. Highway mileage is surprisingly good too (25-28 mpg.)

Good Ride, drives and handles well.

The simplicity of the interior design, comfort and quietness of ride.

Automatic seats, sound system, safety features, remote start, heated steering wheel, roomy

The only thing I do not like is that the speedometer is difficult to see in daylight, I mean really difficult to see. other than that Ihave no complaints

Ride is fantastic/smooth. V-6 has enough get-go for me. Good in the snow last winter.

heated steering wheel

Comfortable ride, On Star, Auto headlights on, Aux cable connect, leg room, large trunk.

body style

MSRP about $13k cheaper than similarly equipped DTS. Same platform and factory as DTS. Quieter and smoother ride after switching tires. Rides much smoother than my '06 Q45. Seats almost as comfy as DTS. Blind spot alert system. Low NVH levels. Nav system. 

The whole car. Looks are eye catching, interior is eomfortable, just enough engine rumble at speed while quiet at idle, and it is a "4 holer". Fuel economy is acceptable. Based on our trip from Texas to Alabama. The first full fuel stop the CXS took 9.9 gallons while my MX5 Mazdaspeed took 9.1.

Looks, power, handling, comfort, safety features and value were the key ingredients that made me choose the Lucerne CXS, and I would do it all over again.

Quietness, smooth ride, roominess and the Stabil-track.

Quietness of the ride, seating comfort.



Attractive design, logically arranged guages and controls, excellent finishes, and very good handling.

The 2-position memory seats are convenient for my wife and I. The speed and radio controls on the steering wheel are convenient.

Lucerne design, availibility of features and layout, performance, and most of all reliability.

Blind side detector, rain detecting windshield washers, lane switch notification, navigator, great power, nice ride except on rough roads, quiet.

Interior room for both the driver and the passengers, handling, peppy engine, and fuel economy.

Side blind zone alert and lane departure warning is a great added feature. Great radio sounds from the 9 speakers. Many other options are now standard equipment.

Lights, bells and whistles

Great stereo and I like the OnStar. Bucket seats are confortable. Trunk room is pretty good for today's cars. Auto wipers are nice and the auto headlights are much better than my old Mercury Grand Marquis

Nav system, sound system, V-8 power, seats and styling

Bench front seat. Tons of rear head and leg room. Quiet ride.



The quiet and smooth ride. The power and ease of performance with the Northstar 8cyl.

Luxurious interior, sedate but classy styling, competent performance and smooth quiet ride. Excellent fit and finish.

OnStar, GPS. Quiet, smooth, a pleasure to drive

Leather seats, sunroof, rain sensing wipers

The Northstar V8 makes this car great. I liked the styling of the car in general, but I don't think I would truely "enjoy" driving the Lucerne V6 every day. It's far too avg. The CXS is more money, but worth it. You get a lot of extras besides the motor. The Harmon-Kardon stereo sounds very good. 

Quiet comfortable ride with a sweet sounding V8 if you need to pass someone quickly.

Pearly white, 6 passenger bench, quietness, ample power. Does not feel like it only has 197 hp. Feels more like 225.

Blind side zone alert, land departure alert, park sensors, remote start, memory exit seat, heated steering wheel, rainsense wipers

I like the quiet comfort as well as the XM radio. 

My car is Crystal Red Metallic with chrome wheels and grill. It's a great look. I quickly realized benefits from the MagnaSteer feature when abruptly dodging an animal on the highway -- Wow. It provided great control. I have also come to really appreciate the car's XM radio and iPod port

Heated seats, styling, except for grille and fender vents, love the red color. Heated steering wheel is nice at -20 degrees

Blind side alert, heated steering wheel and seats, very quiet ride. I enjoy driving this car

Aux input on radio, up-level speakers and amp, blind-spot detection, heated seats, remote start.

The Lucerne has the nicest quite ride you can buy for the price. OnStar is a no brainer we have it on 2 cars and is a must have. The comfort in the fully adjustable seats is tops. drives like a dream.

Color is awesome (note title)and the quietness is amazing. It is so easy to drive and we love the mp3 port . But we decided to keep the Xm radio service . The comfort and roominess is a huge factor plus the OnStar and phone give us a great feel of security 

Magnetic Ride Control Stablili Track 4.6L Engine PortHoles

