Rumble at idle, the feel and sound of the engine and exhaust as you climb past 4000 rpm. Smooth handling in hi speed maneuvers. 

True combination of sport and luxury. Fun to drive. Exhaust note is a symphony. Athletic body.

Intelligent cruise control - I always drive with cruise control, unless I'm in really thick traffic. All I have to do is steer. There's a long list of other favorite features - power, steering, braking, handling, interior comfort, navigation, paddle shifters. A terrific automobile.

Bentley Continental styling with power performance good fuel economy with very good fit and finish and that beautiful exotic exhaust note.

Looks both inside and out! No key! And the long list of features on a base model

Styling w/ 19 inch rims. Performance. Seating adjustability. Keyless sensor entry-(door/trunk buttons).

Styling, quality, sound system.

Standard 18" look good. Nice, thick steering wheel. Deeper exhaust note than the previous G35. Impressive build quality. Very strong engine and a respectable mpg despite my extra-heavy lead foot. Awesome design-- interior and exterior.

iPod interface; intelligent key; body shape

A smoother and overall more solid feeling car compared to my past bmws which gives me confidence in its reliability. More 'bang for your buck' features compared to BMWs. Fuel economy is not as bad as some say - it's comparable to an M3 (about 22 mpg mixed city/hwy) if you're not always racing it!

Cool looking, and performance backs it up. Good overall quality. Feels safe and predictable. Good comfort for a low riding sports car.

Push button start, outside trunk opener and front door openers. Leather seats and steering wheel. Simplistic windows. Minimal chrome on outside so to not to distract from the shape/curves of the body style, wheel rim design and larger brakes that can be seen from to outside. Instrument panel/lights.

Paddle shifters, stereo system, Bluetooth and Intelligent Key.

Styling. Paddle shifters with down shift rev matching. Navi system. Great seats, although a little narrow. Beautiful interior. Very fast once you get the revs up a little.

ALL

Sport package, Bose.

Looks, handling, acceleration, Bose premium sound system, and bucket seats. The exhaust note is appealing. I like the Bridgestone Potenzas and how they stick the car to the road during all driving conditions. The car feels very safe and secure when pushed above normal limits.

Engine, sound and looks

The engine/exhaust sound, navigation, music hard drive, and I love the sport wheels!!

Color, Bose system, brakes and horse power. Overall handling.

Voice activated features. Bose sound system. Intelligent key

Overall exterior appearance. Sleek and strong. Comfortable seating.

Navigation, looks, iPod, exhaust note

Paddle shifting, seats, engine and overall looks

Balance between sports and luxury. More fun to drive than my 05 Bimmer 530I, and my 02 Lexus GS300. Great bank for the buck.

Engine: Everything about it, power curve, torque curve, exhaust note (Mmmm). Luxury leather interior (in black) looks great. Exterior appearance is athletic. Brakes and 19" wheels stand out. It's a formidable looking car. Back seat is actually functional for kids. Keyless entry is great.

Engine, smooth power

Seats, exhaust, wheels and calipers, styling, illum doorsills

The engine! The nav system! The auto trans! The seat comfort! The sexy look! The fuel economy (24 hwy for a 330 hp car is awesome)! Just a wonderful car!

Music system, handling, design

Looks, Nice acceleration, smart placement of controls and buttons. 19 inch wheels.

Acceleration, handling, looks, iPod interface, dual zone temperature control, backup camera. 

Bluetooth, nav, back up camera.

Ride, handling, style, sound system.

Acceleration, acceleration, acceleration, handling, iPod interface, technology and the look and out right sexiness.

Looks cool, runs great! 330 engine. Smooth 5 speed. Flat folding rear seat w/ touch button sliding front seats for easy loading. Five spoke 18 in. wheels (19 in. look like stage coach wheels). 

Acceleration swell, the navigation interface, handling, looks, and the fun factor of driving it.

6MT, 4 wheel steering, cabin design, XM/iPod interface stereo, exterior looks, horsepower! Nice leather in Sport model.

Navigation, rear camera, acceleration, sport seats, engine voice, flash card memory slot, 9G memory in the car, 19' tires, and the power that I feel while driving. 

6 speed manual electronics drive comfort life time tire/wheel policy through dealer

The navigation, the seats are very comfortable and I am 6'3 pretty much all the features.

Premium package. Bose stereo system. Bluetooth handsfree system.

Styling (plenty of compliments from my friends and coworkers), FUN to drive, quality of build. I am a music nut (own over 600 CDs). Optional Bose system kicks! Silver or graphite silver looks the best!

Look and feel. The audio features and voice command add a nice touch.

Navigation, music, hard drive, beautiful interior, power.

Acceleration swell, the new navigation interface, handling, looks, how fun it is to drive.

Luxury is dripping all over the inside of the car. The nav and bose upgrades are well worth the money. 

Nav, iPod, keyless, 19" wheels, exhaust note.

The entire car. The seats, the looks.

Power, sporty interior and exterior, price compared to BMW 3 Series coupe and Audi A5, power front seats to allow easy access to rear seats, upgraded stereo

Sport, nav package. Power, handling, sport seats are awesome, nicely designed interior, beautiful 19" sport rims, awesome tech goodies.

Paddle shifters, bose stereo (amazing), several seat adjustments, ipod and video connections in console, bluetooth, very attractive screen (even without GPS). 

I love my slate-blue color. The Infiniti quality and reliability. 

Short throw shifter, plenty of power through all the gears and great on the turns! Touch screen navigation with the built in backup camera. 

Sound system / sub woofer keyless sys looks factory wheels sport shift 

The iPod integration, sat radio, LCD screen (without even having to get navigation), sport seats, advanced key, fantastic handling, and 330 HP (woo hoo).

Exterior and interior design, great sport seats, and all the new electronics.

1) proximity key w/ push button start 2) Blue Tooth 3) Love the fully adjustable drive seat 4) "The Paddles" (paddle shifting, yahoo!) 5) Everything else

Where do I start, the looks, ride and sound of this car can't be beat. One just has to look under the hood to realize the quality in this car!

I love the GPS features, the bluetooth convenience with verbal commands. The option of Gear Shifter to F1 Paddle Shifter is so much fun. The ride is so much quieter with better sound insulation from the road noise which helps when I'm on the phone compare to my old 2005 G35 Sport.

Love the new VQ-37 motor and the overall styling the most, but the sound system has the biggest variety of connections I've seen in a car. A big fan of the memory seats too with the intelligent key.

Power, nav, iPod connect, sound system styling, heck everything

The voice activated commands are very nice (air conditioning, radio and GPS). The navigation system is very easy to use.

Navi, paddle shifters, phone integration, sound system.

Good looks, nice lines and the interior is very modern. 

Audio system with line input, iPod controller, built in hard drive, and compact flash port. The interior with the Washi trim. The exterior shape is just beautiful, better than others in this category (like 335 coupe). So many features in this baby it staggers my mind.

The iPod connection gives you complete access to all your songs/playlists from the steering wheel, as well as on the touch display. All song titles/artists displayed. Nav system works as well as my Garmin c550.

So many favorite features. The navigation system is great. Being able to talk to the car and control functions is astounding. The ride, responsiveness, fit and finish, and attention to detail is amazing on this car. The Active Cruise and Backup Camera work well. Infiniti got this one right. 

Instant speed and great manueverability. Bluetooth.

Music hard drive.

A true taut, refined sports car. Perfect balance of sports car rawness with carefully added refinements. External design - wow! Best nav system out there. Unique Japanese aesthetic touches. 

