Extremely powerful engine that roars through and over the Rocky Mountain passes as if they were speed bumps. Great looking truck, a coat of wax will make it mirror like! Very comfortable and rides smooth. Toyota quality and dependability. Tranny and drive train are second to none.

POWER. And BIG.

The JBL sound system is something to listen to, the bass is located under the rear seat and packs some thump!!! The clarity of the speakers is awesome to listen when cranked up...just hook up your ipod and take'er to about 80 and it's smooth sailing...bluetooth is also nice to have and play with.

Powerful, Smooth Big V8 engine, Big Brake, and Toyota quality. Incredibly quiet and roomy and comfortable seats.

Nice ride, good acceleration. Numerous compliments on appearance. I have added chrome wheel skins, door handles, mirror covers and graphics. Love the huge console and all the storage features. Easy tailgate lifting. 

Powerfull V6, decent mileage, Sporty Coupe Pickup styling, Intimate Interior design with lots of "Cubbies", and, it's a safe vehicle too!

These Tundras are SEXY, PERIOD! Body lines - Beautiful. Interior - Super. I love the 4 "full" doors instead of the rears suicides like all the others. Except for AWD and ONSTAR, this truck has everything my '05 Sierra Denali had on it, and the Tundra outperforms the Denali, EASILY!

Drive Train, ride comfort.

Power, design and the amount of room in the crewmax. On long trips, room is highly recommended.

Big engine is great.

Power, amazingly smooth and quiet on the highway, big back seat, standard safety features.

5.7 liter's power. Excellent braking and turning radius. Quiet interior. Rugged looks. Senquential shifting.

Engine is powerful and refined, trans shifts Nice not to harsh but not Cadillac smooth a happy medium. Quiet inside, plush ride for a truck with a 10,000 Pound towing capacity.

Front bucket seat comfort. Heated extending mirrors. Easy tailgate. Huge storage area between front seats.

Rear window roll down, power, quiet, big back seats, jbl sound system, love that you can control the radio, with the buttons on the steering wheel.

Engine power, smooth transmission, cabin roominess, sits high good vision. Smooth ride.

Engine and rear window that rolls down.

Driving on the open road, me and my big Tundra!!

Very nice handling on wet/snowy road. Lot of room. Quiet. Lot of power. Smooth ride.

Standard dual zone climate control, 6 cd changer, driver info center, huge center console, sliding and reclining rear seats, power rear window, deep bed, powerful engine with good MPG.

powerful engine and surprisingly smooth ride with 4x4

The interior is well designed and the ride is excellent for a truck. I took a 1300# load to the dump the other day and even though the rear suspension told me something was there, the engine didn't even skip a beat.

Horse power, side curtain air bags, back window goes down, quiet ride, fast truck, interior, the crew max space in the back row, easy lower tailgate, auto LSD, ABS.

Ride comfort, well equipped, options easy to install because truck is prewired, looks great, well thought out by Toyota, frame is beefy and durable, exhaust is stainless steel, engine is smooth amd powerful.

5.7 engine, 6 spd tranny, traction control, interior design.

Quality, performance, utility, technology, comfort, style. Front/rear parking sonar, navigation/back-up camera/bluetooth phone system. This vehicle convinced me to trade in my '04 Mercedes Benz 4matic for an '08 Lexus GS350awd. 

Overall design, comfort, power, sturdiness, reliability

5.7L engine. Moonroof, sliding rear window, bluetooth, and JBL audio system.

5.7 liter engine has loads of power. Interior is excellent. Good sound system, navigation system is great. Tons of leg room front and back. Very good towing capacity and handling. Turning radius is incredibly small for a big truck so it is easy to park.

The X-SP Package married with the interior and exterior design.

Comfort, ease of driving, in command seating, feeling of safety

Engine, comfort, interior controls are super easy, turning radius great for size, great features for base model, don't waste money on top end unless you can't stand not having the show-off badging. 

Tight turning radius, excellent braking, love the tailgate. Traction, stability control, ABS and limited slip diff. standard equipment. Acceleration is to die for.

Engine performance and towing rating.

I really love the interior! The leather is so soft, and there is so much leg room. The heated seats are definatly a bonus!

Wide back doors and power when you need to pull 10,000 pounds.

drivetrain and its a toyota. brakes 

5.7 engine, 6-spd tranny, power everything. Towing mirrors. Wife loves the split temp controls.

Great powertrain. Nav system works very well & has lots of extra info available in it. Bluetooth is nice to have for cellular. Lots of storage. I like the look - some don't care for it, I like that it is different.

Solid as a rock, yet drives like a race car. Cab space, design and sound are second to none.

Interior/exterior design. 5.7 L 6 spd engine. Info button (lets you view outside temp, gas mileage, and inst. gas mileage).

The standard options, transmission power driver seat bigtemp guage tow haul with the press of a button, knobs big use full center council. The best feature is the power back window going completely down, adjustable rear seats with tilt. I truly feel the quality is superior? 

Appearance and power. This beast is a work horse. Plus, the ride is really nice.

Power and brakes are a vast improvement over my 3/4 ton chevy (which has been a great truck too) I like the nav and the MPG readouts too

Appearance, so many other trucks are made from the same mold. Driving performance, this truck is a joy to drive. Well designed inside and out.

The bed is deeper, it allows more room under the tool boxes. The interior is designed to accomidate the necessary storage.

Performance is great. Standard cab only weighs 4935 lbs.

The 5.7 V8 is a great performer, revs easy, just tons of power for a truck. Drivability is superb, although the ride is truck like with the TRD package and Blisten Shocks. I like the dampened tailgate, it helps that if you have your hands full, you don't have to worry about the gate slamming down.

The big 5.7 engine. Big truck.

Headlights, taillights, body design.

Interior and exterior styling, monster horsepower, ride comfort, and performance. 

turning radius, full power rear window, power, smooth tranny, color (salsa red pearl) exterior looks, fun to drive.

comfort and exterior look





Great powertrain, unique styling and tow capability.

6 Speed transmission, huge horsepower, great brakes. High towing level, all interior pieces are at your fingertips.

Tailgate assist, design of exterior, comfortable seats, nice responsive engine, quiet cabin, lots of storage compartments, interior has lots of head and leg room, sharp turn radius, bright headlights

Comfort, power, roomy back seat, ergonomic interior, exterior lines, ride, towing capabilities, ability for rear window to roll down.

The exterior body style is very sleek and sexy, and the interior is well balanced and family friendly.

None

By far, my favorite feature is the acceleration of this truck. Do not forget to turn off all the "nannies" that will try to inhibit the performance potential of this drivetrain. I love pulling a steep grade on the interstate at 75-80 mph, tapping the floor mounted shifter and passing with ease.

Mid Level trim offers more than expected, 4 whl drive really works well and is a breeze to master. Traction control and brakes are fantastic. 8 ft bed is a monster and towing is easy. Gas mileage wayyy better than expected and all on 87 octane

The nav/bluetooth/stereo system is awesome. The brightness and clarity of the headlights is outstanding. Excellent paint, excellent interior. The note of the engine I could listen to all day. The seats looks and feel like they belong in a luxury sedan. Memory seat, too nice to fully describe.

Engine, transmission, nav, Bluetooth, and the actuator assisted tailgate. 

Rides like a Caddy. Great ground clearance. Roomy interior. Ability to tow.

Great brakes. needed to improve them after old design. What took so long? Great interior storage. Solid, no rattles. The gas pedal is too sensitive for this overly powerful truck.

CrewMax rear seat room

Powerful, smooth engine. Excellent transmission and brakes. I do not know how I lived without the rear camera or bluetooth. Sunroof and power rear window have also been a pleasure. Tons of room in cab and storage areas throughout the cabin. Incredibly quiet on rough roads and in high winds.

The bed light can be shut off or on.

Like the rear window opening. Also the seats (have the tan leather) very clean finish easy to use. Bluetooth for the phone. The radio rocks! The sonar alarms are nice as well.

Stereo. Tons of power! Looks great, very sexy. Lots of room and storage.

Lots of interior room. Lots of power. Made well compared to many others

Very comfortable interior, quiet, solid. Tow/haul feature on the automatic transmission.

Nice bright head lights, navigation, bluetooth, firm heated front seats, very powerful 5.7l engine.

The quiet ride, power, handling, ability to manual shift the auto trans, a real plus and fuel saver in rush hour xway traffic

Large Crew max cab. More back seat room than any 4 door pick up I've seen. Engine power. 6 speed transmission. Only 5200 miles so far but no problems at all.

Good resale (I hope).

 Power! Power! Power! Find it comfortable. Ample room. Storage is great! Mpg is better than expected but would love even more! Who wouldn't? tailgate is great, especially next to my friends Ford! But it could use some extra strength.

Navigation/Bluetooth, room, power, looks and size. The other trucks just look like a wimp compared to this truck.

Really quiet! Lots of power - almost as strong as my old 94 F250 7.3 l Diesel. Nice sounding stereo. 

Sound system, rear backing camera, rear window and sunroof, bluetooth, room, room and more room - this things HUGE inside. Kids love the rear DVD. Lots of storage in: center armrest, side door panels, glove box, top flip up storage. It's a Toyota - so you know it's reliable!

I could not find one so far.

Power, comfort. Good exterior looks.

All of it.

Horsepower, large brakes, stereo.

Engine and handling. The brakes are an excellent match to this size vehicle also.

Smooth ride and easy maneuver.

Whole navigation system, bluetooth connection, xm radio, touch screen, steering wheel controls. back window & sunroof. 5.7 power, & manual shift feature. Dual climate controls, rear view camera is nice.

CrewMax cab, 5.7 engine

Roomy interior cabin, very powerful motor, excellent looks

The rear cam. The tailgate is a dream to latch and lift. It rides pretty smooth, but will bounce quite a bit on a bumpy road. Looks are cool. Power is great.

Interior storage is great, safety, power, engine and transmission smoothness, interior controls, mirrors, front and rear seating arrangements (bench seat has nice storage area).

Power. Looks. Driving comfort. Seats 6. Safety & towing ability. 

Overall look of truck, quickness from 0-60, interior space and comfort of ride, oh! not to forget the truck looks very intimidating.

The dual climate control, power windows, truck rails on the side, comfort, cruise control

Comfort, fuel economy is good for a large size P/U. Due to fuel prices dealers are giving a lot of incentives so a consumer can get a full size truck for a great low price. 

Looks, ride, comfort, extreme quietness, rear passenger area size and features, Bluetooth... everything so far. What a truck!!!! 

Exterior appearance! It just looks big and tough! Powerful engine!

Looks and interior. Towing power

Power, brakes, styling and yes, MPG: I started getting 16.9 MPG and after the break-in I'm getting 18 MPG and always with the AC on. I guess these numbers are not bad at all for a truck this big.

#1-FUN TO DRIVE!!!! Comfort of the seats and you can actually fit a real person in the front bench seat. The power of the 5.7L and the smooth shifting transmission. Reliability is great. Cupholders and storage. Turning radius is also impressive. Racing a chevy, ford, or dodge and smoking them! 

Interior design, shift on command trans. radio.

Stereo (JBL), rear seat room, quiet and smooth ride with power.

Handling, stopping ability, ride. Plenty of room for cargo in standard bed. I did put a Tonneau cover on which also improved the gas mileage by at least 3 to 4 miles per gallon highway and city. Overall styling. Several people committed on how they liked the style.

 Leg room has greatly improved. A/C controls are more accurate, and not just 3 settings. Also seems to cool the cab off much faster. Front and rear sync is great. More leg room in back seats. Two glove compartments,and two in center console. Doors have more storage compartments. Two for drinks.

In my base truck, the features offered are just right. Using it for work, it is nice to have not paid for unwanted urban toys and to find quality, easy to clean plastics on armrests and other surfaces that will get dirty.

Interior, back window, power, smoothness and cab space

Eight way power seat, lots of leg and head room, tilt and tele wheel, power assist tailgate, 6 disc cd player, the comfort of being able to reach all the buttons and knobs, the duel temp controls, very large brake system, nice interior light system so you can see at night in the cab, etc.

Phone sync, iPod connection, HUGE backseat, ridiculously quiet ride.

Body, power and stereo system. 

I have found the bedrail system very handy.

Towing is a dream, much more secure and stable than the Ford also. Love the automatic rear window too. Highly recommend all the way around. Also, the rear seat slide forward if you want to recline, or back for additional leg & cargo space. Huge interior, most spacious truck available! Seats 6.



Performance, power, and exterior design.

Decent size bed in an Xtra cab truck.

Power, the 5.7 is more efficient than the 4.7, but both are great. Fold down center console/seat, very versatile. Quiet cabin and great fuel mileage for a truck make it a nice driver. The ride is compliant (non trd models) but still handles heavy loads well. Dual glove boxes and tons of storage.

Looks good.

Comfortable seating, quiet, huge amounts of storage. Gobs of torque.

Powerful engine, awesome 6-speed transmission, smooth ride, tight build quality

Seats, power, driving characteristics, interior quality, memory seats (finally), soft drop on tailgate. Hoping for same quality we have enjoyed with previous Toyota.

Brakes! The stereo (its great), the ride and so far good mileage.

Visual aspects

Navigation, rear back up, 4x4, ride, room.

Exterior style and added thumb shifter for towing needs. Also, Toyota has added a soft drop to the tailgate. 

Power, design, and reliability.

I like 'er all. I like a truck and don't need all the urban bells and whistles.

