The look and comfort. Lots of fun to drive, city and highway. Seats are super comfortable. You feel safe in this car.

Love the color of my car... Blue Rear backup camera

The looks and the feel.

I love the back-up camera and unique styling. 

Exterior shape (unique, and so ugly it's beautiful!). Tech features are plentiful. Rear view camera is a nice addition. iPod connectivity is nice (although not perfect).

Technology Package (Keyless system; Bluetooth Mobile phone; Navigation) Sound System; Big Tires and Wheels; Mean Looks.

Bluetooth, tech pack, back-up camera, keyless entry, my 2 year old loves DVD! Love the interior and exterior! Mileage is not that bad! 



The overall feeling that this is a strong, well-tuned, and well built vehicle. That it performs as well as it looks. I consider it more of a solid sports car that has ample storage and seats 4 comfortably. For an SUV, Great SUV gas mileage. I'm averaging 21 MPG with combined highway and city driving.

Upgraded navigation system, keyless entry and ignition. Performance, ride, plenty of room for adults in back seat, and sound system.

Satellite radio, iPod connect, handling, performance, smell, seat comfort.

All sports, navi, tech package, esp camera, XM, safety features, keyless and great looks of vehicle. Doesn't look or drive like a chunky, tank of an SUV that you see everywhere. 

The appearance is second to none. It does not blend into the crowd.

Styling, sporty drive, road hugging, cornering, stability.

Automatic ignition and key FOB recognition. Rearview camera. Sleek styling - exterior and interior. Memory seats. Quality vehicle.

Perfect blend of performance, luxury and technology.

I like the adjustable driver dash pod with excellent power driver and passenger seats. Nice touch with the window washer located on the wiper blade. Very unique and effective. Nice throaty sound to the dual exhauts. Nicely set for the audio/heat cooling functions.

killer sound system

Style in general. Fit and finish. Good stereo and nice electronics. Expect great reliability.

Acceleration, handling and standard XM radio.

The simple interior is perfect. Roomy, no wood trim, fantastic seats, it's very classy. The exterior styling is still a head turner, no doubt enhanced by the fact that there are so few of these where I live. With the exception of the mileage it's just magnificent.

Great - snow mode reduces wheel spin and power, lane departure mode and cruise control good for late night driving. 

Back up camera is great. Handling for the money is super.

Sweet exhaust note, responsive, firm ride, sat. radio, iPod Interface, 20 in rims and everything.

20" wheels with the Sport Package. Much better looking than the 18's. Improved leather seats, bluetooth, AWD traction, handling - best handling crossover period.

Exterior styling, great handling and as much power as anyone will ever need. The standard backup camera makes parking a breeze. The standard XM radio is great. It holds a lot more than I thought it would. We were able to put luggage for 3 people (2 wk.trip) in the back with room to spare. 

Gorgeous leather seats, came with XM, navigation is great, and the handling is wonderful.

Comfortable seats, and seating position, fun to drive, back up camera, smart key ignition, bluetooth cell phone connection, sharp exterior and interior looks, Bose 300 wattt stereo with 11 speakers & CD! Push button fold down rear seats, large chrome dual exhausts.

Handling (like a true sports car) - seat comfort - rear view camera - on board computer - great engine - best on market for smooth-quick acceleration.

The aggressive, sleek look is an eye-catcher. Keyless entry is key! Bose system kicks. Blue-tooth takes some getting use to but once you know the commands, it works like a charm.

Keyless system. Sport package with the metal interior trim and petals. Back up camera. In dash computer.

Performance, aggressive styling, comfortable interior, backup camera and the stereo system

Handling, seat comfort, back up camera, sound system, hands free option, appearance, tire pressure monitor that let me know I had picked up a roof nail.

