

Headroom, legroom (front and back), gas mileage, MP3 stereo jack, interior design and functionality, shorter overall length of vehicle, amount of rear cargo space for such a small vehicle, LARGE hidden storage areas under cargo floor (can carry all the normal "trunk items" but they aren't seen).

Safety ratings. 4 wheel disc brakes. Flat cargo area. Visibility. Driver's seat.

Quiet V6 with good acceleration Up to 7 seats Roomy cargo area with 3rd row folded 2nd row fold flat and slide Audio remote on wheel Moonroof Seats at perfect height Storage space and cup holders Excellent visibility Good local mpg 3 DC ports Trip computer 5yr/10yr warranty 17" alloy wheels

Large cargo area, high chairlike seating position with plenty of head room, bag holder on front passenger side, 10 cup holders! dead pedal foot rest for driver

The value. The ride. Car volume. Folding flat(not a angle "fold down" like other makers) but completely flat folding back seats. No blind spots. You can see everything while driving. 

Good engine, this car wanted to run 70 mph first day I drove it. I notice no wind noise.

Mine is a v6, 2.7L and it is amazing. I love the hidden compartments in the back. The back seats fold down which is nice for long trips, which I plan to do in this car.

spacious back, hidden compartment for car jack, tool kit, jumper cables, or whatever essentials you want to store in there without having to be seen. 

Interior room. Loaded with extras. Price.Seems fun to drive. Warranty.

Sportmatic shift (fun), 7 passenger, Handling, Electronic Stability Control (standard) Storage, price, Power, Excellent 2 row leg room (I'm 6'1" and I have plenty of room) Reclining seats. Cup Holders, ===== Excellent- smartly designed vehicle. 

Storage and all the hidden compartments. Safety is # 1 and I feel safe in this car.

I have my windows tinted now. The sound system stinks. Gas is not as great! But I do tent to speed in this car.

trans shifter when you want it. third row that folds flat. Plenty of compartments for storage. Bag holder on passanger side Sun Room Placement, way back so the driver does not get beat to death by wind.

Roomy front seats, good stero system, 3rd row seat.

Cup Holders, spaciousness of car, open feeling of the car

We were impressed by the safety features and the roominess. The acceleration is not bad for the price and does have a lot of extra features that you pay an arm and leg for with other vehicles.

I got a very good price on the car but I guess I should have remembered you get what you pay for. I sure didn't get much a solid car. 

Safety features, interior fit and finish, excellent versatility for a smaller vehicle (with 2 kids and a dog, and the occasional extra passenger or two the folding 3rd row comes in handy), handling, V6 has enough power yet good on gas. Quality- we had good luck with the Sedona. PRICE.



Auxiliary jack in the center counsel and a power outlet in the 3rd row for the kids to plug into for the portable DVD player.

V6 has good pickup. Manual shift option is easy and provides extra pickup when needed. Good room for tall guy 6'5''. Hatchback has better room than competitors in back without having seat folded (with 5 seater). Bumper to bumper warranty to 60K (100K for drivetrain) is nice.

The engine, cup holders and seats. 

Folding back row seat large cargo (work as pickup truck with top). Fuel efficient for it's size. safety feature. great value and reliability (warranty).

Room & performance.

third row seat, small yet roomy inside

Handling and interior space. Excellent design of heat and air control knobs. Tons of storage space.

We enjoy that we can fit our whole family in it with out having a minivan

So many, it?s hard to pick, but with going through a harsh winter the heated seats, heated side mirrors and windshield de-icer (how many cars have that?). Fit and finish, great standard stereo with auxiliary jack, storage, safety features, economy, visibility, performance, comfort.

Auto Stick, Aux input, and Storage area

Amazing headroom: it's like sitting in a cathedral! Very quiet and smooth ride, excellent visibility, lots of safety features (six airbags, ABS, Traction Control and ESC) I still can't believe how they can do it for the money that they charge

Overall quality. Everything seems solid and fits well. Seven seats, lots of storage when seats folded down. Stereo is decent, auxiliary jack in console is neat. Heated front seats. Upright seating position and great visibility.

