Very comfortable. Acceptable road noise. Gets pretty good mileage for a V6 behemoth 25 mpg on highway at 70 mph. Controls are easy to use. Lots of nice standard safety features. Came with Michelins. Can take second row seats out and sleep in it when camping - which I do often!

roominess... not much else.....

Looks nice and drives awesome. Love all the extra storage everywhere and huge glove compartment. LOVE the huge floor mats that basically cover the entire floor. Fits 4 kids and 2 adults very comfortable

My favorite features include the interior comforts and the easy handling of the vehicle. For a minivan it has an excellent turn radius.

Power doors/power tail gate/power middle windows/comfy middle seats/cup holders/manual up or down shift. Our 3 kids love opening the doors and closing them all by themselves. But, I can prevent them from access if needed. The older kids can also recline their seats (ages 5 & 6) all by themselves.

Smooth quiet ride, lots of power. Well built, all pieces and parts fit togther like they should. Stow a way rear seats. Cavernous

Love the sliding doors and the table and all the cup holders

Versatility, comfort, ride and price. 

Excellent pick up, all the room, folding seats

Drives very "fun" for a behemoth vehicle. If they can ever get it running reliably and I can trust it enough to drive it anywhere, it MAY be a wonderful vehicle. 

Love, love, love how the 2nd row sliding doors windows roll down! You don't see this feature in many other brands. Also love the ease of storing the 3rd row seats and the flexibility of putting them up and down. 



Roomy, power everthing, cargo area, stow and gow seating.............. heck everything.



Nice accessories. Very functional. Rides nice. Memory seats are nice because both drivers are different heights. Lower windshield electric heater for ice. Like the backup sensors, auto climate control, steering wheel mounted radio volume & mute. Radio antenna built into back windows.

general minivan functionality of vehicle is good. Ideal people mover.

engine, sto and go, comfort, air and heat all over the place, that an adult can sit in the second row and actually put his legs out and stretch

Sport Shift mode is fun; fold-flat seats are simple to use, tumbling second row are easy; powerful motor; tons of storage; roomy cabin, easy to move around in; exterior very NOT soccer-mom; 



Power Package

Safety. HVAC system is very effective. Heats up in a hurry. Can also be controlled in 2nd row seats, nice feature. Surprisingly responsive. Handling is very good given 4,400 lb. Gold color has gold flecks in paint, nice touch. Exterior doesn't look like lower end priced vehicle w many compliments. 

SAFETY, SAFETY, SAFETY! Roomy, comfortable seats, roll down windows in sliding doors, all the power features on the LX, visibility, looks in and out, fold-up table between front seats, ergonomics, driving it.

Rear Park Asst, Power sliding doors and tailgate, Rear windows roll down, Michelins, on/off power door control on center console, Drivers view, auto side mirrors go down in reverse, storage capability, sto-n-go 3rd row seats, Side air bags for all rows, Highest Safety Rating, stopping ability.

The easy control panel. DVD player. Room for children and all their stuff. Storage. Good looks. Blue/grey color Quality of ride in town and on highway

Sports Mode drive option. Sunroof. Engine power. Interior space and compartments. Infinity system. and many more.

Safety in abundance, and anything that you would want that may already be in other minivans, but you can get for less money. My personal favorite is the EX cloth - incredibly comfortable, but I guess rather rare (most are either LX cloth or EX leather).

Leather interior, exterior finish, sports shifter, side windows go down, dvd player w/ wireless head sets, lots of storage especially behind the 3 rd row. Seat position memory, saftey features galore and 10 yr warranty. 

The extra money we had after making a smart choice!

Fold flat third row seats Fold down center console Roll down windows in second row Rear Heat/AC controls

I do have to say I like all the buttons you can push to open and close the door, or open or close the trunk. Other than that nothing else.

powerful acceleration, functionality

