Love the HEMI power: 340 horses of them. Interior is very comfortable on long distance drives. Great looking car. After all the years it has been out, it still turns heads!

AWD, Blue tooth, auto stick, telescoping pedals, heated seats, easy access to control knobs.

All the gadget inside the car, VES system is great, and the dash board is amazing. Also the Boston Acoustic sound system is awesome.

Body styling, great sound system with the giant woofer in the trunk, paint job, interior is nicely designed and very comfortable.

The engine, leather seats, handling, and look of the car

Comfort, performance, size of trunk.



Styling, roominess, power pedals, power heated seats, U-connect for phone, indiglo dash lights, telescoping/tilt steering wheel, smooth ride, plenty of power, solid feel.

styling in certain colors

all

Distinctive looks, analog clock, fold down rear seats.

Hemi, AWD, Auto Cruise Control, Back up warning system, Navigation System, Sound System including Hard Drive for my music eliminating the need for CD changer and storage.

The body styling, the great handling, and the impressive power!!! You get a lot for your money. What more could you want?

Sound group 2 stereo w/ nav, bluetooth, and mygig. Hemi power-yeee haaa!!, luxurious interior, overall ride quality, safety features included in protection group 2, glued to the road feel of AWD. I could go on, but I'll stop...

Sweet body styling, superb handling, impressive power - incredible bang for the buck. So far, there's nothing I don't like about this car. And everyone thinks it's WAY more expensive. Maybe I'll just slap on a 300 Hemi C badge from the dealer - who's to know? 

The engine ROCKS! Ride is nice and noise is low

Ease of driving; plush features even on the base model, and, of course, it's gorgeous appearance. 

Sheer driving please of a true road machine. * Engine switching between 4 cyl and 8 as needed. * All Wheel Drive. * Satellite Radio. * Road handling overall. * Effortless ability to handle steep mountain grades. * Overall styling. * Lifetime Drive train Warranty. Optional side curtain air bags.

Bluetooth, Nav system with pictures of my family on screen, satellite radio music without commercials, leather bucket seats on Heritage model, fold down rear seats, radar controlled cruise control, fantastic on a trip. Top speed, MPG +, large gauges, 4 cylinder running..can feel it. 0-60 timer. DVD

The whole package! Rear video system for the kids w/ Sirius satellite TV and wireless headphones, navigation, HUGE sunroof, nice wheels, beautiful interior, looks incredible in black, gas mileage, remote auto start, side airbags (peace of mind), HID headlamps, Bluetooth Uconnect, no more characters

Exterior styling - except for the fact that the same styling means your visibility is awful. Decent car for a limited time period, but I wouldn't want to be stuck with one for several years on a purchase or standard lease

My car came with many options but I am a person who gets cold all the time and my car has heated seats and I love that about my car.

Great looks. Supple ride. Soft touch interior. Comfortable interior. Intuitive center console. Base offers great value. Gas Mileage.



Satellite radio

Entertainment system, heated front and rear seats (lux pkg), power (gobs), and the ability to go about anywhere in any weather. The fact that you can put a trailer hitch on this, as well. The Dark Titanium is an excellent color addition.

Love the appearance of this car and dash display. The ride is a little light but steering is very responsive. Mileage of 3.5 is better than the Camry I traded in.. Life time warranty was sweet..and possible needed in my case.. 

Power, comfort, styling

Power. Fit of panels. Great looking not boring like import brands

Hemi V-8 power, stereo, infinitely adjustable power seats, rear seat warmers

Comfort and driving ease.

