Enduring sheet metal, fit and finish. Mechanically sound with good reliability.

B & O audio system.

Front end, lights, and interior - meteor grey with brown ball glove leather - what a combo

The sheet metal, interior fit & finish (of course!... it's an Audi), 500 watt sound system, the pride of ownership. This car is simply beautiful!

Great drive, beautiful headlight system, good gas mileage, beautiful exterior lines, great sound system and the best has to be the navigation system with the backup camera with parking assistance.

Gadgets galore

The exterior design is simply in a class of its own. I can't help but smile every time I'm walking towards my car in the parking lot. The upgraded B&H sound system is also amazing, and highly recommended. 

LED DRL's! The whole body shape. Milano leather all electric seats. MMI. Memory Keys/remote. Power delivery above 2,000 RPM. Paddle shifters for the tiptronic. 5 spoke Y wheels. The body shape.

Looks. Color combo (Deep Sea Blue w/ Cinnamon leather), navigation system, quality, fit and finish, the fact it is rare

The iPhone integration is seemless and voice quality is excellent. Fuel efficiency is appreciated with $4 a gallon gas. Rear-view camera quality with parking guide is very helpful and easy to use.

I admire the exterior design, LED lights, advanced key, Bluetooth phone and MMI, quattro stability, beautiful cinnamon brown leather seats matches black exterior.

The entire car design. The engine and handling. The interior. The high gas mileage for the neck snapping performance. Would love an S5 but not for the commute - couldn't ask for more efficiency with this much power.

My hands down favorite features are those sexy daytime running lightsand the lines on the side panels, and of course the way the front mereges cleanily with the roof into the back...from the side it kinda looks like a Porsche the way the roof merges with the trunk.

My favorite feature is the handling. The all wheel drive makes for exceptional cornering. I also love that it gets good gas milage.

This car is amazing, inside and out. From the LED running lights through the curves and lines of the body, this car has a presence that is unmistakable and magnetic. Make sure you get the S package for the 19" Y spoke wheels.

Amazing B&O stereo, interior appointments and quality, ride quality (except for small road bumps). Of course, the LED dayrunner lights are way cool! And, the trunk is massive.

Exterior styling (headlights are fantastic and beautiful), interior build quality, Bluetooth and iPod integration, navigation, handling and braking.

Off the line acceleration for a six is impressive. Interior and exterior design. My son put it best "there isn't anything about this car I don't like". 

The look and styling of the car is immaculate. I cannot keep my eyes off of it. The daytime running LED lights are a huge hit and the S-Line package that is available on the A5 is actually nicer looking than the S5. 

Quality interior, styling, technology, rise (acceleration and quiet).

The AWD is cool in the corners - and the electronics package is complete.

Styling -- I'm not overly concerned by what others think of my car, but I have gotten a kick out of how many heads this car turns. Build quality -- does anyone do interiors better than Audi?

Design-wise, I love the daytime running lights made as a stripe of lights underscoring the headlights. Driving is a vacation from work and family, if you know what I mean. This car provides both.

The interior is the most comfortable of any mass produced vehicles in the world period! I have owned everything and even some things in between and Audi is the car of now.

