Roomy,with lots of storage. I love the color, too! It looks good! Unfortunately, good looks is about all it has going for it.

Stylish and nimble handling. The V-6 has good power..

Low noise interior, Good road handling in all weather conditions. Recommend 5speed with a 4 cylinder. Excellent city driving & good highway driving. 

High view of the road, cargo capacity, leather steering wheel, leather heated seats, good visibility, phenomenal safety features, rims are standard, fun to drive and a nice 6 disk stereo.



Ride, gas mileage, power (V-6, Auto) which outperforms our '01 Outback, comfort, good seats, room, and a quiet ride which I expect will improve once I replace the Bridgstones with Michelins. 

The rear seat folds down flat;there is a tray to hold tools or other items over the spare tire that frees up space in the glovebox;

The comfort of the seats, as I am about 175cm high, and 75 kgs, it fits me well, all controls are well placed and easy to reach, room is pretty good considering it is not a huge car, handles really well surprising for a vehicle of its' price, style, and size.

handles well, turns well, good visibility, comfortable adjustable seats, good sound system, nice clean exterior lines, folding rear seats.

Smooth ride, corners like on rails, right size for family of 5

Very nice pickup for 4 cylinder. Tight turning circle. Nicely designed exterior. Lumbar support in driver seat.

Quick pickup for 4 cyl. Nicely styled. Pretty quiet for 4 cyl. Smooth transmission.

Like the leather seats,locking glove compartment, opening rear window, minimal road noise, great sound system, six air bags,ESC

Ride, quiet, interior cubby holes, quality. Handling, smooth shifting and excellent MPG. Seats fold flat. Warranty.

The way it drives, also love my color Alpine-Frost

The exterior color is absolutely beautiful, it's a Alpine Frost. I love the fact that it's a standard, 5 speed. 

There are many things I like about the Tucson. The dash board is well lit up and large enough to read the information. The mirrors on the side of the car and in the center give an excellent view of cars behind and at the side. No blind spots. Alpine Frost color is great.

Cup holders, spacious seating area and CD player. Oh and I love the color of my Tucson

Leather seats, seat warmers, color combo (silver / beige), styling, warranty, value. 

I love the color (alpine frost), heated seats, placement of steering wheel, sun roof, blue tooth, smooth handling, warranty. I could go on and on.

Love the Aqua Silver paint, and the good quality. I don't need exciting, I need functional, durable and reliable. You can't go wrong with this warranty!

