Very nice features. Nav, 6 disc player, leather seats... all the bells and whistles!

IT ONLY LOOKS GOOD THATS ALL

Fully customized truck - love the looks, love the ride, love the interior. HATE the cost of ownership. 

How good it looks sitting in my driveway (Not Running) !!!!

none, I hate this truck

The interior is ridiculously nice for a work truck. Power EVERYTHING. The power mirrors are great as you can fold them in or out and extend them with a touch of a button. The exterior is sexy, you will definitely turn heads. The towing capacity and power is what makes this truck stand out.

Pulls well, turns good for a big truck. High towing capacity.

Nav,Sirius sun roof

POWER!!!, LOOKS, Turing radius, Comfort, Love the 19.5" rims & tires, Rides like a Lincoln, Solid as a bull! No squeaks or rattles to date! Plenty of room. Love the DVD player & nav. To DRIVE this truck! 

Easy to drive, hauls every thing and is super comfortable. This plus outstanding dearship support we enjoy makes it a truly outstanding truck. 

King Ranch package. Like the towing capacity and the look of the truck. Comfort during 15 hour hauls is a plus.

The warranty and road side assistance.

Handling, power, navigation, comfort, it's all good. Some people complain about the fuel consumption. Sure it's not great, but this is a commercial vehicle. I get over 13 MPG, very acceptable for the size and weight of the vehicle. It can tow up to a 24,500 lb 5th wheel , ours is only 18,000

Interior options. The looks of the truck. 

Comfort a plus,Seems to pull well

Stability under load, superior comfort and handling, great looks and convenience features (tailgate step and handle, to name one). Commercial tires and wheels. Tons of power to pull whatever you want.

I Like the 6100 lbs bed capacity and the tight turning radius. 



Great body style, good power on the hill

Everything!

King Ranch package, the looks, the pickup an power, the load capacity, the ride compared to the old bumpy trucks, cab heater and navigation are sweet too.

The interior and dash are great and the exterior has the real truck look!

Ordered with all options except navigation. Opted for manual shift 4 wheel drive. Kingranch option.

Trailer tow. 

Nav system and satellite radio. Adjustable pedals. Factory 19.5 chrome semi wheels and tires. This truck has it all factory stock. 

Interior, quiet, powerful motor, twin turbos, tailgate step, avaliable with tons of options.

Leather. Sound system. Stability.

Incredible payload handling. Bold styling. Well-made, quiet, with no rattles. WONDERFUL sound system. 

