outside design,heated leather seats

Driving it, of course! Also love the looks, both interior and exterior. Holds my ski's in the winter and my bike and dog in the summer. 



Car great at highway speeds. Has great stereo, navigation, heated seats, HID headlights and sunroof. Looks awesome.

Excellent leather seats. Comfortable ride. Fun to drive. Peppy.

acceleration, braking, steering, safety features, Bose audio system, exterior styling

Torque. Standard stereo is impressive. Leather is above standard.

Moon roof, ruggedness for my kids, how it is very sporty looking but sleek at the same time.

handling

Manual/Auot trans. GPS system. fun to drive. styling is holding up.

The suspension tuning, the Black Cherry color, keyless entry and ignition system, Bose stereo

Price, fun to drive.

exterior style, interior colors, turbo, gauge cluster style, large cargo area, averaging 23/25 mpg



Styling and handling places a smile ear-to-ear after a long day of work.



Size of the vehicle, the exterior style, Bose system, remote start, love the color Cherry Black Mica!

Turbo engine, handling & performance, stylish looks - both inside & out, Bose system, 18" wheels

Style, performance and handling

Handling

Crossover transmission

Love to drive! Sharp looking in Brilliant Black. Nice dash design, and very easy to fold rear row seating to create even more cargo space.

Well centered handling, 18 inch wheels, leather seats, nav, fit and finish and exceptional exterior appearance.

Controls on steering wheel, Turbo Power engine, I just love driving the car, comfort, speed, crisp steering.



Moonroof, power seats, black interior, dash, Bose stereo.

Great Bose sound system, rear backup camera, interior very comfy. Great road view. Still has a high shock value, so very different looking.

Exterior shape and styling, fun to drive feel with the turbo acceleration.

Easy to release back seats, radio mute button, comfortable driver's seat, sun visor extenders, good breaks, incredibly fun to drive, and I like that there are not millions of them on the road.

Turbo-acceleration! Comfort, seat warmer, speakers, looks great, lots of cup holders! A must!

The Advance keyless entry is great. 

Bose stereo and moonroof are a great package. Dash gauges have a nice look especially at night. Exterior styling is as good as any SUV out there. Black "piano leather" very sharp but tought to keep clean. Xenon headlights really increase your night vision.

Radio mute button

Handling and power. The controls are laid out perfectly and practical. The car just fits me well. Enjoy the controls on the steering wheel

Smart Key, navigation, and the easy flip down back seats.

The CX-7 is so much fun to drive. It handles like a sports car yet carries a lot of stuff including people. Love to drive at night, lighting inside is cool, blue and red glow.

Sporty, no turbo lag, BOSE sound system, DVD, engine cover w/ logo looks neat and tidy. Roomy / comfy feeling. 

bose audio

I love the roominess of it. Drives like a dream. 

Sports car drive feel, very good acceleration despite slight turbo lag, better for passing than off the line. Seating comfort and driver position. Cool red dash lighting. Good control ergos. Above average stock radio. Best looking crossover design and ride.

Interior comfort and room for 3 kids in the back seat. Large cargo area to hold my Mtn. Bike.

Bose, navi, headlight, blue dashboard light, exterior.

Bose, performance, styling.

Outstanding handling; excellent brakes; ergonomics right on; top of class in acceleration; manual mode on auto trans.--great for off ramps--you use the brakes much less. Bose 9 spkr Centerpoint sound system fills the interior; seats were very comfortable on 1,600 mile trip; many storage areas 

Keyless entry system, remote start, heated seats (for those Michigan winters), voice navigation, Bose 240 watt 9 speaker system, rearview camera, steering wheel (small, tight feel with touch controls), headlights with manual leveling, one touch rear seat release from cargo area. 

Turbo power, handling, looks inside-and-outside, dashboard, six gears, manual & automatic shifting, automatic lights, back-up camera, navigation, bose speakers, black cherry mica color, leather seats design.

Moonroof, bose radio, turbo, manual shifting.

The engine has serious pickup. It looks fabulous, and makes a Ford Edge look like a brick. Very comfortable interior. Did I say the engine rocks yet?

Color and speed.

Leather seats, Bose stereo, Liquid Platinum color, turbo-charged engine, sporty feel in a large vehicle.

My favorite feature is definitely the handling and power of this vehicle. It is so far ahead of the Ford Edge it is like nite and day. Mazda engineers must of been giddy when they drove the edge back to back with the CX-7, I was. Edge looks like a brick and drives like one. CX-7 looks like it drives

I got the Black Cherry Mica (sexy color) and can't complain about the options (nav, moonroof, Sirrus, 6-disc CD, backup camera, auto start). I like the get up and go with this vehicle although I still don't understand the purpose of the manual shift. 

Interior and exterior styling. Bose audio system, moonroof. Cargo space and ease to flip down back seats. Advanced keyless entry system.

Large cargo area and spacious interior. 

Performance. Interior. Auto lights. Interior/exterior styling.

Ergonomics of driver's position, Passing power, brakes and handling. Opt for the Bose sound system its worth the money! Manumatic makes driving very fun! Transmission in 08 is great, no hunting between 5th and 6th. You can run 87 octane with NO problems, a major plus. 

Love the front three quarter look and the side profile. My wife loves the aggressive styling. The interior design is very good and I love the night-time instrument illumination. The precision of the steering is Sports car like as is the brake feel. I really wouldn't swap this car, it's that good.

Curvaceous exterior; piano black instrument panel & steering wheel trim; handling is excellent, steering nicely weighted on the heavy side; steering wheel controls on spokes; 2008 runs on regular unleaded; HID adjustable lights; Homelink; 6 disc in dash CD; 5 star safety ratings (highest); 4WD system.

Exterior, dual exhaust, 18 inch tires and standard alloy wheels. Love the dash set up and seats are very comfortable. Rumble of the engine sounds like the Porsche Cayenne!! 

Handling and overall good driving experience, drives like a good European car. Also like the Xenon headlights, features of rear cargo area, good power.

CVT, turbo, Bose stereo system. I also love the color (liquid platinum), very unique. As you know here in Los Angeles, the most popular colors are silver, gray and black. 



Small, nimble steering wheel, nav screen, secondary LCD display. Excellent climate control system. Bose sound system is phenomenal, best pre-installed sound unit I have seen.

AWS and turning radius, the handling and the mpg. The ease of use of the liftgate mechanism. A push of a finger.

Favorite features would be handling, navigation and amount of power for a engine size. Seating was set up very well. 

Suggested Improvements

Driver cockpit was well thought out and very ergonomic!

Advanced keyless system, nav system, MP3 CD capability, and the turbo-charged 4-cyl! I love that engine! Handling is excellent for a small SUV. It's nearly as grippy as my RX-8 was.

Seats, stereo, instrument layout.

Bose 6 disc CD sound system. Pick up with 244 horsepower turbo.

