Style and Look Roomy Interior Steering Wheel Controls 

I like the fold down back seats, it is so easy to get in and out of. You don't feel like you are on the ground.

Oh I don't know...the trunk I guess.

The hatchback can hold a lot of stuff, worth the extra $$$! Nice clutch and stick, very easy to find gears and shift. Great car over all.



Big on the inside, small on the outside; great fuel economy, easy to handle.

Seats, a/c 

The interior is very spacious with lots of leg room.

The cvt transmission is great, unless I have a problem with it I will probably get one on my next vehicle. Keyless entry and bluetooth are nice features.

Quietness compared to the competition. I am hearing impaired and could not converse in our old Civic. In this I can. CVT once we got used to lack of growl. Room, room, room, room.

I recently suffered a heart attack and had open heart surgery. I thought I needed a higher car, because I was having trouble getting down into my old car (Camry). Surprisingly, this car is quite high and I dont feel myself stooping to get inside of the car. 



Interior seating space and leg room. Outstanding manual stick is very smooth. Mileage is very good. Very nice riding car. Trunk fits multiple golf bags, 3 teenagers. Love the lack of real power but it is peppy, sits up high for great visibility.

Heated mirrors, DTR lights, technology package (blue tooth, Rockford Fosgate stereo, multifunction steering wheel), interior A+++, fun to drive, funky design.

It has a lot of airbags in it, stereo is nice, seats are comfortable. Nissan's 3.9 percent financing for 5 years was a selling point.

I think the seats are best in class, give excellent support on longer drives. Steering is nicely weighted to give some feedback on what the tires are doing. Back seat space is outstanding. I'm 6'3" 245lbs and can fit with room to spare. It's more of a two place rear seat, not a three.

Price, look, and reliability.

Intelligent Key is way cool. Upholstery quality. Quiet as long as you're not accelerating. Very good sized interior, especially the superb back seat. Dash is attractively simple. Controls are simple. Convenience Package is well worth it. Usable cupholders galore. Big, deep glove-box.

Roomy backseat, 6 CD stock changer, largest trunk area with seats down in it's class, good insurance rating, standard side air bags, comfortable driving position.

hands-free phone, intelligent key, excellent interior layout and use of space, good storage arrangement, on wheel audio and cruise. SMOOTH ride!

Fuel economy, passenger space, fold down antenna, tire pressure feature.

Sunroof, XM radio, adjustable seats, lots of leg room, cell phone hooked into radio, great gas mileage!! And CVT.

Keyless entry.

Fuel economy, cruise controls on steering wheel, pricing, comfort, space. 

MP3 plug-in, built-in XM radio, mesh-like upholstery, plenty of head room, backseat has lots of leg room.

Convenience Pkg w/ Bluetooth Technology, so no need to dig through your purse or pockets for your keys or cellphone PLUS audio controls mounted on steering wheel; fold down arm rest w/ cupholders in back seat (unusual for a car in this class) ; 6-disc changer standard on SL; great legroom throughout.

Car is fun and has good power. Love the design. Great gas sipper!

Extremely quiet & smooth ride. Large versatile interior space & legroom front & back. Large hatchback 'trunk' area. Decent gas mileage vs size & ride comfort. Dashboard lighting & ease of dash controls. Keyless entry w/alarm, tilt, cruise, AC, PW, PL, PM, decent stock CD, side airbags for under $15k

The safety features, handling, as well as acceleration for a 1.8 L

Versa was the best price and the best fit. I am 6'2" and this is the most comfortable car I have ever driven. I drive 2 hours a day and still enjoy sitting in this car!

Price, performance, gas mileage, head room.

My car has no fancy features. Cruise control is nice.

Comfortable interior. Bluetooth and cruise controls on steering wheel. Keyless ignition. Great dash. Nicely appointed interior. Quiet ride.

Like the 6 disc player radio, plenty of room in the cargo area. Lots of leg room in the back seat.



CVT, Intelligent Key feature (don't miss out on this!), Bluetooth, mp3 player jack, 6-disc changer, alloy wheels, etc.

CVT, ABS, Bluetooth, body style, price!

Bluetooth, ABS, multiple safety features, CVT, very nice interior , sporty exterior. We test drove many cars before we bought and the 2008 Nissan Versa SL hatchback had the best bang-for-the-buck by far.

Seats, interior, dash, and 6 speed all are my favorites.

Fuel economy!!! Not as good as advertised, but okay. 6 cd in-dash stereo with MP3!! I packed it full of burnt MP3 cds (all legal of course *lol*) I'll be listening to those cds untill I'm 90, without listening to the same song twice!

keyless entry and ignition

The rear door design makes for easy access to the roomy back seat. The styling is conventional, but that's a good thing. Not everyone wants a small car to look tricked-out.

Roomy interior, comfortable. Getting 31 mpg overall in crappy Connecticut driving scenarios.



overall style of body,comfortable ride, strong engine

CVT.

CVT, side impact airbags, low interior noise level, big car ride.

CVT, bluetooth, smart key and comfort.

EVERYTHING!

Interior: roomy with great views from all seats. Cool exterior design. 

The smart key, the look, the sound system, fuel efficiency 



I bought the hatchback in Red Alert. I think it is easy to drive and is quite comfortable. I think "Scarlet" is a really cute car and I've really enjoyed her and felt really smart to be filling her tank when gas was $4 a gallon.

Gas mileage.

Ease of driving, performance, quiet for a small car (low road and wind noise), radio, keyless entry and ride. Seating is very roomy.

Excellent quality interior for this class, even better than some more expensive cars. The 280 watt 7-speaker stereo sounds as good as my surround sound at home. Very easy to pull into tight parking spots. Ride quality is very good. Overall value for money compared to the competition. 

Bluetooth and MP3 playback!

The gas mileage and the design and the 15 inch wheels nice!!!

Head room, leg room, gas mileage (especially), comfortable, outside looks great, all the window room

Smooth and quite ride. Leg-room in back seat. Good headroom for 6'2" Texan with hat.

Fun car, easy to drive, cruise keeps at set speed, good mpg (especially compared to Blazer!), good sounding base stereo, loaded, good value, should last forever, have 3 Nissan trucks, 1,200,000 miles on those three, not a joke. Hope this lasts like those, 200,000 on current one, its just broke in.

MPG, interior room, door arm rests are very comfy. Interior design is quite functional.

CVT, bluetooth, intelli-key, height adjustment on driver's seat, XM satellite radio and 6cd in dash. Very roomy cabin that belies small exterior. Steering wheel controls for radio. Roomy trunk.

Smart key, built in bluetooth headset, great stereo, steering wheel mounted controls, aux port for iPod, decently responsive although I don't drive like Mario Andretti. Excellent trunk space. Golf clubs fit perfectly along with bags for a long weekend.

Roomy interior, and big trunk space. Love the steering wheel cruise control.

It's fun to drive and I never have to leave anything at home. Lots of room!

Get the blue tooth phone link and the car becomes conveniently your mobile phone. Also keyless entry and starter is nice. May seem unimportant to you, but the fuel tank cap opening is on the passenger side, just like in the Volvo, means shorter lines at the gas pumps (observe highway fuel stops).

I initially liked the space, being that my fiance is 6'5" and cannot fit in to my crx even near comfortably. 

Handling. Exterior Styling w/the Sport Package. Blue Tooth and ergonomics of the interior. Great interior space w/5 air bags. Stable at high speeds, no negative feed back from the front end.

Interior room. Hatchback's usable cargo space. Strong A/C. Fuel economy. Very fair price for a small car. Cruise control. Power windows and locks.

Low price, vision, easy in and out.

SL convenience package - bluetooth, 6 MP3 changer, 15 in wheels, smart keys, interior room size, can be upgraded with roof.

Cruise control on steering wheel and gas mileage.

ROOM, great AC, power windows, and good ride quality.

 

Bluetooth, roomy enough for entire family. Great ride and great acceleration with the CVT.

Gas mileage and comfort.

Stereo has good sound, huge glove compartment, comfortable chairs, good suspension, CVT is smooth; handles well on the hwy; even on windy days, still does fairly well. It doesn't feel like you're driving a small car. More importantly, it's fun to drive!

Plenty of room for a family of 5 with 3 car seats in the back. Gas mileage is good. On a road trip, I did go 250 miles on half a tank with AC on, on the freeway. Another time I got 425 miles on one tank, city and freeway driving. Plenty of cargo space for luggage, strollers, and play pen.

Smooth/quiet ride, seat height adjustment, smart key, roomy back seat, blue tooth, foot rest, in cab filter, CVT.

My car has the integrated bluetooth which works wonderfully (especially that the cell phone laws have changed) and I love the auxiliary plug in for my mp3 player.

Cute design. Lots of head room. Decent mileage. Quiet. Seats fold down flat. 

Interior space and comfort. Five people can travel comfortably in this car. Great AC system. Great hatch back setup, with the rear seats down we can get our groceries in just like the Explorer we use to drive. 31/33 MPG observed and computed 4 times since purchased.

Size, ride, general comfort, price compared to the Civic.

Keyless features, sunroof, bluetooth.

Keyless is great once you have used it you will not want to go back 

Pleasure while driving. Comfort. Roomy. CVT. Nice. Economical on highway.

Overall design. CVT. Interior space and comfort. Extra features.

With the base model starting so cheap, you can get an SL +all options for under $20,000. I love the sunroof/moon-roof and the satellite radio. Every person who rides in the back says how roomy it is. Far and away my favorites are the "keyless" ignition and bluetooth speaker phone, I use it everyday.

Gas mileage, premium stereo, roomy interior, LOTS of storage spaces incl. armrest and cupholders

Excellent Continental Contipro Contact tires standard. Roomy interior & large trunk. Available safety features.

Roomy comfortable driver's seat (I am 6'3, 210# and have plenty of room). Surprising large interior (deceptively so). Great handling, and excellent power for a small vehicle. Front wheel drive also did well in the snow.

I love everything about the Versa!

Comfortable highway ride. Roominess.

The interior room is great. I think the stereo system is more than enough.

My favorite feature is the cruise control. Wouldn't buy a car without it. Also like the way the cruise is set up on the stearing wheel. Very easy to access. The car also has great pick up. It has quite a surprising amount of power for a small gas efficient car.

Keyless start, 6CD MP3 player, bluetooth.



CVT, no-key entry and locking, good seats, 6 disc CD, interior layout and better stock radio than others.

Maneuverability. comfort and fuel economy. I averaged 25.5 in the Maxima and now 34.6 with the Versa. 

CVT all the way, Inteligent Key, Bluetooth, 6-disk mp3 cd player + aux input for other mp3 players, 15" rims, lots of room, big comfortable seats, gas efficient.

The SL has all the bells & whistles. The front & rear windows de-fog fast, power windows, door locks & even power mirrors. The CVT is quite nice, no tranny shifts & enough zip to merge on to a fast moving freeway.

Intelligent key, hands down.

Intelli Key. CVT. Hands Free. Built in blue tooth calling.

Cheap to buy, well built, roomy, zippy in the city, easy to get in and out of, lots of airbags, and decent gas mileage.

A lot for a little, room, smooth/quiet/comfortable for a car of this class, good mileage for a large-little car. Much better than expected highway mileage. Good in snow especially stopping (without abs). Everything else still holds true from my first review. This is a great car!



Seating: As I mentioned already quite comfortable and plentiful. I also like the abundance of air bags, makes me feel just a bit safer driving around. The A/C cools quickly enough (I live in the desert). Control/indicator layout: Everything is in a logical place and easily found.

Six speed is fun

Fuel economy, interior space, manual stick very smooth, comfort, stability, manageability.

 A/C, power heated break-away mirrors, power windows, massive glove box, a decent if not outstanding stereo, very good 4-speed autobox, remote entry, excellent fuel economy, responsive handling and a roomy, versatile and classy interior.It looks good, too - what more do you need? 

Bluetooth, CVT, 6 disk, large seats and interior room (i'm 6'2" and 230#) and I fit well. Like the trunk space and folding back seats. Electric power stearing very smooth. Needs to have more storage but it is ok for a small car.

Fuel economy and the ability to fold down the back seat.

Interior room is the strong point with the Versa. CVT is smooth.



The interior appointments, the seat cloth is comfy and looks nice, not cheap at all. 

Aux plug, CVT, interior decor, good mileage, roomy

Miles per gallon, plenty of cup holders for all passengers, very spacious front and rear passengers, and most important, I can still get a road bike or mountain bike inside w/plenty of ease.

Rear seat leg room and headroom. Safety features with lots of airbags and even active headrests to reduce whiplash. 

Mucho space inside, exceptional interior appointments, nice stereo, etc. 

