The turbo engine.

The ESS sound system is the best, the SH-AWD is simply superb, paddle-shifter, information display, reserved luxurious interior, front seats, headlights, driving position, fold-down rear seats. The iPhone and this Bluetooth implementation are seamless. 

SH-AWD, Elliot Scheiner Sound system, Nav system, Bluetooth, Backup camera

Very comfortable seats similar to my Volvo. Easy to read controls. Rear seats very easy to fold down and good cargo space for a car this size.

Heated car seats and lumbar support, navigation and music system. The sporty acceleration that has faded into the background. 

Great, tight handling, stable but with a lot of "get up and go". Interior is luxurious without being ostentatious.

Seats are great. I'm in the car sometime 3 to 4 hours a day and no fatigue. Handling is better than most SUV's and the reliability is fantastic.

AWD handling in the snow and ice, Bluetooth, XM Satellite Radio



Power, handling, nav. and sound system

The awesome power plant.

Quickness, great fun to drive, SH-AWD, and a comfortable (fairly luxurious) interior.

The turbo and it's awesome performance are the best features. Interior quality, great sound system and the SH-AWD system really helps to hold the road.

Performance. Tech package.

Styling in and out, SH-AWD, turbocharger, tech package, especially the nav and rear camera; Honda/Acura quality throughout.

Performance, grip, interior design and build. Tech package radio is amazing. Nav, while not touch screen, is very good.

Everything! Turbo, handling, center storage bin, homelink, memory seats, hands-free bluetooth, voice-activated trip computer, navigation. Great value!

SH-AWD: a dream to have.

Handling: Amazing what a set of 20x8 wheels and 275/40-20 tires + Eibach Pro-kit 1.3" lowering springs can do for the handling...feels like it's on rails, almost Corvette-like. Gas Mileage: see above, averaging 26MPG. Honda reliability: haven't had ANY problems and I'm sure I wont (my 15th Honda).

Turbo charger (its like a 4 cylinder taking off from an aircraft carrier), navigation, stereo

Navigation & stereo. Heated seats. Quick turbo! XM radio. DVD audio sounds incredible.

Turbo, AWD, handling, ride, xenon headlights, paddle shifters without having to move to sport shift, maintenance minder (especially for oil change).

Seating, interior, Bluetooth, attractive exterior, drive, cornering, great acceleration.

Turbo charged engine, sight lines, stereo system, heated seats warm up quickly.

Estimated MPG, MP3 player and sound system, xenon lights that follow like an arc wherever you go!!!

Navigation screen, back up camera (you have to get used to it), memory seat position, XM radio, fog lights, passenger mirror that moves down when you're in reverse (awesome) and goes back to position when you put it in drive, color (black inside and out), surround speakers.

Power, handling, sound system, technology suite, very comfortable seats

turbo turbo turbo

Heated and comfortable seats, sporty interior, great sound system.

Now that I have had a chance to read the book and learned how to communicate with the car, I just love the voice recognition and bluetooth. The navi system is very good but I still like my Garmin better (my wife has it now). There is just a lot to like in this vehicle.

Sound system, handling, seats, fit and finish, ample luggage area.

Comfort, handling, predicability, build quality, hands-free nav system.

Drives like a sporty car with more room. Sound system and 5.1 DVD audio are impressive (although there is a lack of DVD audio discs). The navigation system is something I cannot live without now. Nothing on the vehicle looks or feels "cheap". High safety rating.

Turbo is awesome, push it and enjoy. Have gone to hilly areas and love driving it in the "S" mode with paddle shifting for instant thrust.

Xenon headlights, turbo boost, sporty handling, quality build, Tech Package, Mgt Info System (MIS) - it's all good! I actually like having a navigation system!

Tech package, but requires a lot of manual study. Instant mpg gauge keeps you from punching the accelerator!

Turbo with paddle shifters, strong 360-watt base audio, soft perforated leather seats, HandsFree Link is very cool, dual climate control works transparently and memory driver's seat is ideal for me and partner



The side mirrors that angle down when you go in reverse. Also love the seats.

Turbo, extra room, Bluetooth, SH-AWD, fuel economy.

Tech package. AMAZING.

Turbo/performance. Bluetooth/voice commands. Reliability. Great value. 

The paddle shifters add to the feeling of control over the driving experience, especially the ability to down-shift and use engine-braking on steep hills and on slippery surfaces. The heated front seats are great on cold winter days and the dual climate control is perfect. 

Turbocharged engine. Satellite radio. 360-watt system. Comfortable leather interior. Roomy second row for a compact suv. Memory driver seat. Xenon headlights.

Acceleration, handling, luxury interior, and easy to use blue tooth system

Handsfree, nav system, stereo.

Sound system, bluetooth, inside appearance, comfortable quality feel, good driving position, cargo room, performance, value for money.

My favorite features are the navigation, heated and cooled driver and passenger seats, audio system, the front storage department (3), back up camera, 2 position memory seats, and the height of the driver seat. I feel on top of the world!

Driver interface is simple and uncluttered, base model comes with all the extras you could possibly want, and it's a lot of fun to drive.

Still need to work on those but the radio and sun-roof are nice.

Tech package is awesome. Navi much more user friendly that wife's Lexus.

Back up camera, hands free phone system (bluetooth), the ride with the stabilizers and all wheel drive, and the turbo-assisted engine combined with 4 cylinders. The heated seats aren't bad either.

Turbo power. This is a Honda with torque ;) The 410 watt stereo fabulous. The cabin layout is typical Honda simplicity. SHAWD+Snow=no problem (we live in Wisconsin).

Quickness. Bluetooth integration. AWD.

Powerful, great nav and electronics interface. Honda just does the best job with simple but useful technology in cars.

Voice activated GPS, Turbo, fit and finish, value for money

Navigation system, comfortable, affordable, stylish.

The power and handling are very good; I had an Audi A6 wagon, and I think the acceleration is just as good in the Acura, if not better. Also, the voice command / nav system is very impressive as well.

Navigation, performance and handling, stereo.

Sound quality, performance, interior and exterior finishing. Smooth handling. Bluetooth and navigation system is awesome. 



Comfortable interior, sleek exterior design, excellent acceleration rates, good gas mileage, great radio, and AWD will come in handy in the winter.

The body style, navigation system, satellite radio, comfortable seats, roomy interior. The turning radius is incredible! I'm pretty smitten with this car!

Performance, interior lighting, voice commands, Super-Handling All Wheel Drive.

Tech package: GPS is a life saver.

Great room in driver's seat. Best stereo I've ever heard in a car. Voice navigation is very cool; not sure yet whether it is a novelty or will be useful longterm. Bluetooth works well with Treo 650. 

