Leather, ride, navigation, white diamond color, and most of all power and ride with 100% quality.

Engine, engine, engine !! Sweetest one yet (sans ZR1 motor) Interior , ergonomics, 22's from the factory, exhaust note, great looks, and mostly; Reliability Plus !

Exterior design.

Still searching.

Engine power

I leased the car so I can return it!

Beauty and Comfort!

My favorite features would have to be the navigation system and the power lift gate.

Heated seats; woodgrain; 3 rows of seats; chrome; power.

Class, Luxury. 

Styling, inside and out; sound system; NAV; DVD; retractable running boards- AWESOME; amazing exhaust sound; powerful V8; heated and cooled seats; heated second seats - kids love this and the dual DVD screens; power hatch; 22in wheels/tires-you sit massively high off the ground; so much more. 

No Favorites with this model. The people that are allowed to design these vehicles do not own them, it is very obvious. The 2004 had superior ride and better amenities. 

The Power and Handling are awesome!

navigation, 3rd row seating, factory 22'wheels, sound system, satellite radio, onstar even though I never use it

Looks, smooth ride, ergonomic interior, air conditioned seats, very roomy

Power, exhaust note, handling, looks, features, interior, GPS, and the seat heaters are incredible!

Onstar hands free phone, fold down rear seats, auto tailgate lift, and nav.

Looks, OnStar & Verizon cell phone integration with the OnStar system, cabin space/storage, horsepower, back- up camera, touch screen nav and ability to view DVD in front while SUV in park, throaty exhaust note, acceleration and horsepower. 

Retractable steps & of course OnStar! Talking to a real person who is polite was a pleasure - a rarity these days!

The look & appearance, you get looks and attention everywhere,I love the OnStar, used it once when I locked out at the clubs @ 2:00am, Bose Sound, and the 403 HP engine! Mileage isn't bad either @ 14.5 mpg on 93(hey you know what your buying before you buy it....this isn't no Civic.

Large nav. screen, horse power

Great acceleration, nice handling, comfortable ride, stylish, Nav/stereo system.

Engine and transmission

Looks

