Gas mileage: 34 city, 40 highway during summer drops to 30/36 during winter. Comfortable drivers seat. Lots of storage up front. Like the 6 step computer for watching MPG. 

Goes anywhere, parks anywhere, a blast to drive, AWESOME gas mileage. We averaged 30 in mostly city drivings and 22 pulling a fully loaded camper and gear.

Pioneer system and road handling

Radio controls on the steering wheel is my number one favorite feature. I got the optional armrest which enhances my comfort. Very happy with the optional cargo liner that my two dogs trample on. I also like the window closing feature when the key has already been taken out of the ignition.

After driving automatic for several years I was a bit skeptical about going back to manual, but the transition was very easy. 

IPod and Aux interfaces - work great! Onboard mileage computer. Seats in back lay down flat for nice big cargo area. Radio controls on steering wheel (standard). Standard side curtain air bags. Traction control (optional). Standard stereo is great!

Interior Design, Fuel Economy, Comfort, Safety, iPod Integration, Value

Gas economy, Ipod or other MP3 (Aux) hookup, leg room (I'm very short), radio controls on steering wheel, all the air bags and pick up.

Estimated mpg matches sticker or better, and on highway, sometimes get 36 mpg. Seats fold flat--so did Honda Fit, my first choice, but the Fit did not come in white (deal breaker).

The gas mileage and the handling very sweet.

The feel of the drive, driver positioning, the stereo, air conditioning (it's hot here in Phoenix) and the interior. I'm comparing this to the Xa and Civics.

Gas mileage, exterior design, interior design, and the fact I can fit my bike in it with the back seats folded down!

I love the look and the feel of the vehicle. Also the roominess inside. Very classy interior. Sound system is nice. My son loves the Ipod port. I do mostly highway driving and I'm averaging a tad over 36 mpg.

styling, interior room, iPod jack, and just about everything about it.

fuel efficiency, roominess for the size of the car, standard features, you really have to check out the back seats just to see how much room you get. They fold flat! 

Dashboard, seats, interior design, IPod connection.

The handling, the dash layout is nice and the interior is sporty. The touches and design on the exterior are sharp. I like the exterior light configuration and the turn signals incorporated in the mirrors is cool. Plenty of power and great MPG!!!

Gas mileage. Roomier than you might think

Great turn radius, love the fully loaded styling for one sticker price and the dark interior makes it harder to show dirt if you beat things up or have kids.

stereo, gas mileage, look

Definitely high MPG for non hybrid car, good handling, easy to park in tight spaces, price and low cost maintenance, the stereo system outshines by BMW by far. 

I love the iPod jack, the 2 glove boxes, and the back seats.

Great interior flexibility.

Sporty exterior and roomy interior. We get compliments from strangers around town all the time, everybody wants to know what it is. I love the availability of options from the dealer to give it a little more luxury. The iPod connection is awesome, one of the things I longed for in my accord. 

The dashboard and other accents, the height of rear hatch when open, and how flat the back seat lay.

IPod connection straight to the radio. Radio controls on the steering wheel. Cold cold air.

Plenty of power, handles real well on Interstate, did not get the VSC, not needed, we have good traction/control now in Jan weather. Definitely like the looks, roomy interior and cargo area. Get the Scion floor mat package, nice mats & rear bumper vinyl applique. Pioneer stereo is excellent.

Quick and torquey but dampened ride in addition to super accurate steering. Quite roomy for below average sized individuals - perfect for 5'9" and under crowd. Anyway you slice it, a steal at pure pricing.

Visibility, handling, simple controls, versatility, economy, safety features, "substantial" feel for such a small car (exterior size). Performance to-date and anticipated reliability, etc.

The stereo and the awesome exterior design get lots of attention!

Style! Roominess. Value. Features (convenience and safety).

the gas mileage, the iPod connection, the stereo, the displays on the dashboard, the comfortable room even though it's a compact, and the thought that the designers put into every feature - amazingly well designed.

Cruise, nice shifting action on the manual trans, I like the Motorcycle speedo-tach. Lots of customizing options.

Full compliment of airbags, iPod and MP3 inputs, reclining rear seats, Toyota?s reputation for quality and reliability, substantial feel while driving. Bull dog looks. 

Stereo, design.

Styling.

cd player,sound is perfect.

I love the fact that you can manipulate the stereo via the steering wheel. I'm 5 ft 7 so the headroom in such a small car is great.

Surprisingly roomy back seat for kids, not a limo but more than you would think, crisp driving (get the 5 speed!) similar feel to my old 02 VW GTI, iPod attachment, GAS MILEAGE!, ease of parking, xD engine will be in new model Corollas, price, standard features, Scion's Pure Pricing was fine.

I love the looks inside & out on this car. Though my xA attracted far more attention. I love the new bigger engine. And most of all, I like the fact that the xD is heavier and just feels more substantial on the highway.

Cup holders galore!! I like all the accessories so you can really make the car "you". Nice sound system with navigation. I think I like everything about the car.

Steering wheel controls, all the safety features that come standard, sporty look. All standard power features. 

The outside look, inside with lots of space fold down back seat able to adjust the radio without your hands leaving the stereo, the safety features.

I love the stereo and the radio controls on the steering wheel. I like that the back seats can be moved forwards and backwards and lay down flat. The front seats are extremely comfortable.

The iPod connector. You can use the dial to scroll through playlists, songs, and the titles of the artist and songs are displayed for you. The steering mounted audio controls are nice also. The huge list of standard features. Thoughtful interior design, cool pugnacious exterior, a little bulldog.

My favorite feature I have to say is the stereo and how you can change the station,etc., on the steering wheel. 

iPod connector, reclining back seat, hidden trunk cargo space, awesome A/C power, displays, cool exterior design, double glove boxes, automatic shifter, headroom, gas mileage, mirror mounted turn signals, 16 in wheels, safety features, sport bucket seats, thick steering wheel, steering wheel control.

The stereo. Controls on the steering wheel! I can turn the system off or on, adjust the volume, change stations on AM/FM or satellite and change tracks on my CD or iPod.

Toyota quality, ride, performance, looks, stereo, etc.

The driver's seat is up high and gives you a great view of the road. Back seat has "flat" leg space so there is no hump for the person sitting in the middle.

Standard power doors/windows, cruise control, music/vol controls on steering wheel. Comfortable seats and spacious interior, rear seats fold flat, upgraded stereo, 6 speakers, 2 aux outputs, front and side curtain airbag, good safety ratings + reliability ratings, pure pricing, black interior.

Stereo. Safety features. Get up and go power. AC works great. The look of the car. Great gas mileage.

I love the external appearance of my silver color automatic.

Style and sound system.

I love being able to control my iPod through the pioneer stereo system. I love the audio control on the steering wheel. I love feeling tall in my little Scion xD. 

Great stereo and safety features. Side curtain airbags (a.k.a. Hummer Protection). I feel tall, even though it's a sub-compact car. I love the dual glove compartments, too. And it's so cute!! I love it.

Small footprint but feels big inside and high up. I can see the world again. 

Black exterior, iPod connector, comfortable seats, great sound.

Attractive styling inside and out. New 1.8 engine has great pick-up. Great stereo sound. The dash and instrumentation is a great improvement over the xA. Very comfortable seats in front. Std side curtain and side front seat airbags are big plus and safety features.

Stereo, iPod jack, comfort, and small size makes it very nice in town.

Dash, black color, 16 inch tires.

Handling is great. Price is reasonable. Lots of pep, 128 hp is enough for this tiny but mighty car. Gas mileage is a dream. Average 34 mpg.

iPod hookup which allows you to play, charge, and control your iPod right from the stereo itself. No more reaching down and dangerously changing songs while driving! Overall layout of dash, trunk space, retractable antenna for car washes, comfortable front seats, quality of sound system.

I love being able to control the radio on the steering wheel.

Integrated iPod controls, fuel efficiency, and engine power

Smaller size so I can fit anywhere. Yet, the inside is quite roomy, even in the back. The seats are also comfy. Nice list of standard safety features was a plus. Bigger engine than other cars in the same class. For me, the combined speedometer/tachometer is easier to read than two separate meters.

The xD has a dedicated iPod adapter that you can control on the stereo face. Fuel economy is excellent. I got 36 mpg on my first tank of gas. The xD has a digital display that tracks your mileage. It resets every time you fill up. Love the safety features (6 air bags and ABS), price. 

The iPod connection and stereo control on steering wheel.

It is a cute car in a dorky kind of way and I guess that is who scion is marketing it to. It handles ok for a small car but it does still have the low end feel to it.

The over all look of the xD grabs your attention. The interior, sound system, mileage, cruise control, steering wheel radio controls.

There is so many cool features on this car. I love the drink holders in the door in the rear. I like the radio buttons on the steering column, I-pod hook up. Problem #1 is the dummy alarm for the lights. That is the most important question I asked, I always left my light on in my Honda, no more jumps!

Roomy for size, handling, design, the ipod and aux hookups are very nice and it comes w/ standard everything.

Good fuel economy, easy parking, I-Pod adapter, tall seat height, keyless entry standard, eight airbags standard, many aftermarket mods, Toyota reliability.

Power locks and windows, keyless entry. Excellent gas mileage. Compact - can park it anywhere. About 5 billion cupholders! Fold down rear seats. Good steering/handling. Stylish for such a small car. Comfy seats.

Gas mileage, Ipod plug in & overall looks.

I just got the standard stereo w/the ipod jack and it's been great. Plenty of cup holders, and I love how the back seats slide forward and recline, which makes installing a child car seat easy. 

Love the Hatch back and room, my Honda was a hatchback and I actually marveled on how much stuff I could actually haul in it! Good handling and good enough power for a car that gets about 30+ MPG. Love all the extras (Power locks, windows, AC, etc), remember, my last car had manual everything!

Overall design. Seating is super-comfortable on long trips (for me). I'm 5' 11" and about 180 lbs and it fits me perfectly. Also, the room for cargo is very good. I can pack stuff into this.

Came with everything needed, power windows, door locks, cruise. Great features and handling for 'economy car.'

The features themselves, their number and convenience. This is a nice package for the price, a wonderful small car. I like its homely looks, too.

Fold-down back seats, gas mileage, reliable, ballsy for a small car, lots of cup holders!, and lots of options to customize it when you buy it and a hell of a lot of aftermarket parts. Oh and it's got a good amount of space: I'm 6', 245 lbs and I feel really comfortable driving it. 

Odometer features, average MPG and miles left on this tank of gas are my favorites Stereo controls on steering wheel cruise control lots of cup holders and storage cubbies Good air flow vents

Navigation system, rims, pick up

VSC, ABS, EBD,EB, scion has everything, also I add the NV system so now I have everything

Standard power windows, locks, remote, cruise, CD, side, curtain, front air bags, better than decent gas mileage.

body styling; 16" wheels; peppy engine; smooth ride; plenty of room for 4 adults

Ipod connector, black interior, the cute looks, audio control on the wheel, remote keyless entry, cruise control

I bought the 1.0 Lava edition so as far as features go the lowered springs for handling was a plus, not to mention the color as well as the overall look of the car. Added TRD muffler, TRD Filter. Plan to add Denso Iridium Spark Plugs and Wires as well as Tanabe Front Strut Tower Bar.

Audio controls, black interior, keyless entry, Ipod connection. I love pretty much everything about this car!

Love the automatic starter, great for the winter and the TRD muffler.

I love the inbuilt navigation system extra i got, love the dash, extremely comfortable seats and driving position, and how you sit up high compared to some vehicles, the keyless entry, and long range panic button.

Sporty interior, well thought out dash and gadgets.

The styling is awesome, the standard Pioneer radio is great and it's very comfortable. The seats fold down in the rear so easy. The steering is amazingly smooth and easy and the gas mileage is amazing.

Great value for the money-only extra ordered was Vehicle Stability Control.

Stereo, remote entry, cruise control, seat height, great pick-up!, unique style with long list of inclusive options.

Handling is great. Mileage superb. We bought red because I don't consider silver, black or white actual colors. That leaves red or blue. The blue is close to black. 5 speed works smoothly, got used to the gauge setup. Gets lots of compliments.

Interstate mileage is 42.5 at 70!!! I out ran a Honda Fit. I was doing 70 well, 75 and the Fit could not keep up!!!!

Styling, Stereo, the fact that you sit up instead climbing in and out of a sports car. Feels bigger than it is. 

Handling, comfort, economy, panache! The xD doesn't look like everything else out there.

looks, in and out. and all the options

Stability/Traction control. Recently I drove this car in a very remote area of northwestern Maine (Spencer Lake/Jackman region). I traveled 40 miles on gravel woods roads, with some very steep and rough sections, and with two sections underwater by over-flowing brooks. Car was great.

Interior and exterior styling and quality. Amazing number of standard amenities, including cruise, power windows & locks, 160 watt stereo w/IPOD & MP3 player jacks, driver and passenger side curtain airbags, instant digital readout MPG calculations, trip meter, gas gauge, etc.



It's look, acceleration, tight turns, high set front seats, good visibility.

44 MPG on the Interstate. That's driving 55 mph, not 70, at which point it drops to around 38 mph. If you are willing to drive sensibly and take your time, this little gal will save you some money at the pump. The iPod dock is great, but the stereo seems a little wimpy on power.

Turning radius, fuel efficiency

Appearance, excellent storage space for compact car, stereo and i-pod.

Highly recommend the lock out tyranny for slippery snow covered or for gravel state game land roads found here in PA. Steering well stereo controls are a super item that comes standard. 

Navigation system

Aux jack for MP3. Ipod connectivity. Onboard computer. Ability to lay the seats flat for big cargo area. Good front seat storage. Sits higher off the ground that other cars of this style. Ipod connector & cord for aux input jack included. Side curtain airbags! Stereo controls on steering wheel

For a relatively inexpensive car, I am glad to know that features like ABS, side curtain airbags, and cruise control are standard. I also love the way the headrests for the back seats can be pushed down for a very polished look. Also, cup holders abound in this car... and the sound system is excellent

gas mileage, mpg gauge, size, handling

Price-feeling like we really got something for the money. MPG-- we can get 34 or better with the AC on and at top interstate speeds. The standard features including good stereo, MPG and other displays, 5 speed manual, cruise, etc. Finally, given all this, it just feels good to drive it. 

The high seats, extra peppy engine, great mpg, I-pod jack, and standard side curtain airbags.

ipod connectors

The ability to turn on a dime, MPG, sound system, sleek appearance.

The upgraded stereo system, cruise control, keyless entry, ipod connector,low tire warning light, MPG.

Options such as power windows, keyless entry and cruise control standard. Trip and mileage computer. Larger wheels than others in class. 

ipod connection, VSD, side airbags, steering wheel radio controls, enough room for 4 adults

Good pickup, great gas mileage, comfortable and well equipped interior, unique body style, and top quality

Radio sound real nice, Plenty of space to sit, More than 2 cup holders, back seats fold all the way down, 2 glove boxes, mpg , price, fun to drive, 

-Fuel economy -Purchase process -Features (abs, a/c, power windows and locks, keyless entry... all stock) -Excellent stock sound system

The car is cute. I like the styling, interior features and details like the radio controls on the steering wheel. Plenty of leg room, rear seats flatten to allow lots of storage; seats are comfortable.

Gas mileage. hatchback with fold down seats.

Driving feel, trip computer, stereo, rear space, gas mileage, unique interior/exterior design, first two oil changes are free. PRICE!

How fun it is to drive. Very sporty feeling with a good amount of pick up to it. All the extra features, both safety and convenience, that come standard with the car, the styling. 

MPG, smooth ride, power

Gas mileage, Room, Looks, stereo, PRICE

Turning radius, Gas mileage, No blind spots

It looks better than the other subcompacts. A stable car, good around large trucks. Keyless entry, power windows, and doors, cruise, rear defroster, standard equipment is excellent. Love the gas mileage, and cute too. I feel like a cool grandma at 60. 

I like the seats in both the front and back. Like the radio, like the gas indicator, like the way the car looks inside when the lights are on at night.

The built in iPod connector and auxiliary mp3 player plug-in. I have an iPod and my wife has a Zune, so its great having the ability to plug both in (we couldn't with my truck).

Gas mileage, interior room - I am 6 foot 6, and I fit comfortably. Someone can actually sit behind me! Also, I got the nav system - goodbye maps - a 'must have' technology from now on. The car handles great, and feels quite peppy in traffic. It is a great car at a great price, full of features.

Added spoiler, int light kit, stereo sys, abs, air bags. The list goes on. For the $$$ cant beat it. Oh yeah the gas mileage. 

Fold in side mirrors, Pioneer stereo/cd player, mpg display.

Excellent sound system for a decent price. The sturdiness of the drive, comfort, wonderful amount of cup holders and storage space.

Electronics - XM radio IPOD port alloy wheels



rear hatch opens easily, stereo, smooth shifting 5 speed, great for kids. people love the looks, mine is super white. wonderful new car smell. car is very peppy, 3rd gear really cooks. neat accessories available, i got the rear bumper protector. very high quality build. made in japan, total quality.

None of my previous cars had an automatic transmission. Auto was one of the features that caused me to buy a new car. Size was another. I just like small cars. I'm still not sure how they engineered so much interior room in this car.

All the standard features! The seats are very comfortable and the I really like the radio controls on the steering wheel. Enjoy the comfortable ride!

This car is great! Fun, fun, fun to drive. It looks good. It's gas friendly. And did I mention that it's fun to drive? It handles great at high speeds and on the highway. It turns on a dime. It's so easy to park. In addition, I love the reliability behind the scion name/company. 



Stylish and fun to drive! Great gas mileage: I always get over 32 mpg. 

Looks, interior room, features. Still unique so spotting another one is rare but fun to compare with mine. Fuel economy makes going on trips more enjoyable. 

It's a great car to drive around, the look is different and unique. Also love the aftermarket accesories that can be done to it.

It is small yet has plenty of room for 4 adults to sit comfortably with lot of leg room.

It handles extremely well! A great drive.

All the features that come standard: steering wheel controls, iPod jack, rear wiper. First two oil changes are free. 

