Leather seats, Smooth riding, Quiet, Pretty car, roomy!

Too many to list.

Audi-like interior in Limited with leather. AWD great in Massachusetts winter. Plenty of pickup. SYNC works well with bluetooth features.

6 disc in dash cd, ac in the back, comfortable, roomy, fun to drive

Cabin room, Exterior visual appeal, Comfort of the seats, Reclining rear seat, We can fit 5 mtn bikes in the back (we love biking)

SAFETY, fun to drive, comfortable ride, great styling, American made!!

The roominess of the interior.

Comfortable ride, roomy, good sound system really enjoy the Sirius radio. Extra car charger plugs a plus. 

Sirus radio, DVD, the overall look inside & out. Very Flashy!

Acceleration is fantastic, no lag time.

its fun to drive and its flashy

Exterior styling, ride and handling.

Styling

Love the vista roof and I think the inside gets a bad rap. I like it and think it looks sleek. My interior is the stone leather and light grey. I got in a Honda CRV but I did not want test drive it because the inside looked so cheesy even though it is a good car. I love the 22inch wheels very showy

The exterior design is very appealing. The overall size of this car is good. Not too big & not too small. The interior is a clean design & is functional.

Comfortable & spacious & Im 6' 225 pds, nice get up n go, well placed controlls & armrests, sweet music system ( 6 CD )+ hidden MP3 jack & Power outlet, love the power back seat drop control in back where u need it, get lot of complements on looks, (metalic-Red )

leather seats; sync system (cell phone,iPod voice&steering wheel controls); homelink; tight turning radius; backup sensors; drivetrain; exterior styling; large center console storage with adjustable compartments + hidden USB & aux jack; power rear seat folding buttons in cargo area.

Exterior styling. Interior is a little plain but neat.

great power, ok ride,



The overall outside look never fails to impress me. The leather interior is asthetically pleasing as well as luxuriously comfortable. The roomy passenger areas and flexibility of the seat functions is a definite plus. The large outside mirrors are very helpful. It's a total pleasure town and drive!

Sync and Roof

Back up sensor comes in handy when in the parking garage at work. I love the dark blue, I've gotten quite a few compliments on the color. I love the MP3 player outlet even though the sound quality could be better. 

Rear parking sensor. Seats comfort. Good acceleration. Exterior design. Beautiul black

The Vista Roof adds so much natural light, the BlueTooth/Sync for hands free phone, Sirus radio and the big 20 inch chrome wheels with the AWD make it great in our deep snow up here. 

Gas mileage, Vista roof, heated seats

Steering wheel audio controls, comfortable seats, good power, sharp exterior appearance, good mpgs for a truck this size. 25 mpg on a drive from NY to Chicago

Leather, two-toned interior.

The comfortable seats, the sound system. I'm sure I'll like the voice command too as soon as I learn how to use it.

Power adjusting seats (I'm short, he's tall), SYNC, back seat room



The sync, the GPS, the Sirius radio and the tailgate lift. I love it all. Oh the panoramic roof is awesome. I love all the extras it has!

Vista roof,steering wheel controls, audio system and Sync really are nice. The seats are very comfortable. The interior design is crisp and upscale as is the exterior design. The ride is great.

SYNC! Although "Penny" hears whetever she wants sometimes. Seats are comfortable, fits a large stroller plus leaves enough space for groceries. If you are a dog lover like me, it fits two large dogs comfortably. 

Styling, roomy interior, performance, Sirius radio.

Sync/Cool two-tone leather interior. 20- inch wheels. Tons of room. Pano-view. Fun to drive

We really like the MicroSoft Sync, radio and cruise controls in the steering wheel, and comfortable yet responsive feel of the suspension system. The passenger compartment is quiet, even at highway speeds, and conversation can be had at normal speaking volume. Lots of leg and hip room in all seats.

MP3, storage space

Sync, Sirius satellite, mp3 connection.

Love the exterior styling. Lots of room. Seats are comfortable. Upgraded painted 18" wheels look nice. Low road noise. 

Love the power liftgate, reclining seats, Vista roof, AWD, Sirus radio, engine power. Most of all the gas mileage! Reverse backing sensor system.

SYNC, power lift gate, navigation, sound system, leather seats with bold stitching, very comfortable back seats and of course the full glass roof! Awesome to have open on a sunny day and the wind blocker when it is open reduces highway noise to almost imperceptible. Can't decide on one favorite!

Sync and all the power ports! Having my ipod plugged in center console! Steering wheel controls standard! Seats that feel like they are hugging me! Husband is a firefighter so saftey was major selling point! Also glad 08 has lift handle on tailgate, sister has 07 and hers is hard to open/close!

Power liftgate, SYNC and Bluetooth.

Bluetooth feature, radio okay, height of the SUV, love the copper color.

The power lift gate is a must have feature on this vehicle, the driving position is great, more like a truck than a car, the leather on the seats seems to be high quality,my wife loves the heated seats, I like the sync for the iPOD

Styling, Sync system,seating comfort, quiet ride, holds the road very well at high speeds

Sync, best thing they ever did.

Sync Power lift back doo.r Back up sensors. Comfy leather seating. Soothing feel of luxury without breaking the bank. So impressed we're going to get a second one for me. A little sportier with roof rails, red paint and camel leather. Now that's what I'm talking about!

Vista roof is beautiful to have open on nice spring days, and the Sync system makes phone calls a breeze, not to mention music access.

Favorite features are the SYNC, navagation, Sirus radio, power liftgate, vista roof, reclining back seats, back up parking sensors, 20" wheels, upgraded sound system, comfort of seats and ride.

Suggested Improvements

Sync and USB for my i-pod, power lift gate, reclining rear seats, auto rear push button folding seats, dual climate controls. I love it all

Good looking. Microsoft Sync is a nice feature. 

SYNC-great! Side-view mirror puddle lamps. Very comfortable leather seats - great support. USB 2.0 and mini-jack in the center console, great for selecting music from a memory stick. Excellent engine! Stiff handling and steering. Quiet interior noise. Vista roof is great! AVG. 23.6 MPG 3000 miles.

Memory seats, heated seats, Sync, moonroof, I-pod connection and power lift gate.

Vista roof, Sync, and the reclining back seat

Performance, appearance, comfort, quietness.

SYNC is cool and easy to use. Drives more like a 350z than a truck. The kids like the reclineing second row. I think its the right size. Great lights, can easily see at night.

Roominess, nice sleek black exterior coat, love the camel leather, comfortable

I love the SYNC powered by Microsoft. You can do a lot with it but makes it even more cool, is as updates come out, you can update your ride.

Vista roof, Audiophile sound, Sync is nice but annoying some times, power everything, memory seats (however doesn't adjust seatback which is manual), nice ride.

The parking sensors are the best!! Also, the ipod plug is fantastic! No more CDs cluttering the vehicle. Also this has plenty of room in the trunk and it does fit three people in the back comfortably.

For me, the Edge seating is as good as I have ever seen. 

Sync voice activated sys, 6 way pwr/htd/mem front seats,dual temperature control,fold flat passenger seats,power liftgate,and rear detection if I get too close to something.

The SYNC is nice but the power lift gate and rear seats really sold me. Watched a woman struggle to close the rear of her Lexus SUV and I chuckled to myself.

SYNC, great sounding speakers, handling

We love the Sync, power liftgate, power seats, and most of all the AWD. Living here in Iowa one needs AWD in the winter time.

The Microsoft Sync, Sirius radio, and the much more enjoyable ride then I was receiving in my Jeep Grand Cherokee.

I love the moonroof and the keyless entry which keeps me buying Fords.

SYNC, it works! Side-view mirror puddle lights. Very comfortable leather seats - great support. USB 2.0 and mini-jack in the center console, great for the iPod w/ navigation for music via the SYNC console. Excellent engine! Stiff handling and steering. Quiet interior noise. Vista roof is impressive!

Remote rear lift, dual electric seats in front, reclining rear seats and power fold down rear seats. The 20 inch chrome wheels look great as do the tinted windows.

The tight steering & smooth ride.

Microsoft Sync, navagation system, sound system, huge vista roof (can't wait for the warmer weather), very little road noise, comfortable.

SYNC system blows me away with its versatility. This is a great safety feature with the bluetooth phone connection. The audiophile sound system is a huge improvement over the premium sound systems of older Fords. The ride is smooth with excellent cornering. The White Sand Tricoat is pretty.

Rear seat roominess, the way it drives like a car instead of a truck, SYNC.

Looks. Performance. Comfort. Black interior with balck leather.



Nav system- no more mapquest for me! Ease of learning the instruments and features. Love the white for 2008.

Several favorates but once the sync could understand my accent it a great feature

Top IIHS safety pick, Vista roof brings the outside in, Audophile sound with Sync, Sirius and navigation makes for an amazing package. Impressive ride and handling, extremely quiet cabin, good cargo space and power rear hatch. Well laid out controls. Overall, a quality machine with a solid feel. 

A blast to drive. Looks are outstanding. fit and finsh awesome. Love the telescoping steering wheel, dual climate controls, SYNC, power fold down back seats, heated seats.

SYNC entertainment system, 2nd row fold flat seat w/ a button that utomatically releases them, voice activated navigation system, V6 engine...lots of power, 20" wheels look great, center console storage, comfortable seats, interior lighting (gauges), overall layout of interior

Hands free phone, navigation system, rear tailgate auto lift, comfortable seats, wonderful radio/cd player system. Just can't say enough about this car/suv.

Bluetooth

Ride and power along with agile handling

Comfort inside and handling. It was hard settling on a color. Every color looks great on this Edge. Like the Sirius radio and plug in for MP3 player. The "Synch" feature wasn't yet available, but hopefully next time. It suits our athletic, active Colorado lifestyle. There's not much not to like

SYNC, Audio, & Navigation systems Vista roof (BAMR!) Power rear seat release & power rear liftgate Sporty ride with plenty of pep

SYNC! Sound system, auto driver's side window, MP3 charging capabilities, USB port, double pipes, the exterior look

Sync, vista roof, 3.5 engine, exterior style

