less greenhouse gases per mile, spaciousness, comfort

Looks, reliability, economy. I regularly get upwards of 52 mpg all around.

Economy and lack of pollution.



fuel economy

GPS very good but you can't see it in the daytime without shading it, also, passenger can't find things while we're driving due to lockout safety. Bummer.

I like everything about the car except the mileage and the fact that they can't add Mexico to the GPS. The update costs for GPS is prohibitive.

Bluetooth, AC, rear mirror, fuel economy

Gas mileage. 





Perfect car for the city dweller and commuter. Easy handling and comfort. Great sound system, bluetooth functionality.

Interior room, toys in touring pkg #6, fold down rear seats, pine-silver color, smaller steering wheel, large entry door, four cup holders - two front and two back, but all available to driver, storage bins, spare tire area hidden storage, etc.

Super MPG. Fabulous resale value. Upright seating positions and comfy for 4 adults. Fold-down rear seats reveal a flat floor to the back of the car for great carrying capacity. Handles better than expected for a state-of-the art aero chassis/body package riding on low rolling resistance tires.

The gas-mileage monitor, room for everything, hidey-holes for all the "stuff".

The gas mileage! The cruise control, the easy design, making it sleek and practical.

Smooth, quite fuel efficient ride, real room for 4, bluetooth, nav.

Mpg, fun to drive, interior room, hatchback versatility, auto temperature control, reliability, very peaceful to not have to use a key to unlock the door, don't have to crank a noisy motor, runs at low speeds with no noise.

Fuel economy, insurance savings, low emissions, bluetooth (though it drops from time to time), Smart Key, safety rating, back up camera, re-sale/trade value (incredible) and all the little cubby holes to stash stuff. Getting nearly 500 miles on a tank of gas is a great feature too!

The energy monitor screen. Roomy interior. Keyless entry and starting system. Gas mileage!!

Eco-friendly and a revolutionary social impact from the auto sector. This car makes an historic statement. Incredible space considering the unassuming size. Fold-down seats provide ample room for hauling large items. Back-up camera. Incomparable MPG unless you opt for a $100K Tesla. 

Comfort and ability to go far on one tank of gas. 

Smart Key and back-up camera in PKG#2

The display screen with all of its info is great. Driving performance is quite good. Roomy interior. Quality of the car.

It's super roomy! Super smart! Love the gadgets especially the back up camera! 



Smart key allows the key to remain in your pocket. Roominess. I have hauled a few 8 foot boards in it, but don"t tell my wife! Consumption monitor is fun and entertaining and helps improve gas mileage. Decent 6 disc cd changer. cold weather driving gets 43 mpg, currently averaging 50 mpg, honestly! 

Love the keyless entry and start. The keys just have to be in my purse so I no longer have to dig around for them. The back-up cam and cute little gear shift is fun. Love watching the mpg on the screen. 

- GPS navigation - Electronic controls, especially those on the steering wheel - leather seating - roominess

Smart key system, Bluetooth phone setup, smooth, quiet operation of vehicle, interior room, backup camera. steering wheel controls, JBL stereo system with 6 CD changer, video console display, all the storage spaces including the double glove compartment, super paint job.

50+ mpg, lots and lots of storage space, wheel locks, lots of leg room even in back seat

Fuel economy, roomyness, information screen, camera, reliability, storage.

The gorgeous Spectra Blue is a head turner. Navigation system, blue tooth for our cells, information readouts, comfortable ride, quiet ride, the option 6 package. Gas mileage, heck I could go on forever, acceleration ( that was a bonus). In general the ease of running the car... simple but elegant.

Back up camera, fold down seat configuration/hatch back. Control panel, interior design and generous interior space.

Inside automatic temperature control, no key to insert.

Gas mileage, hatch are my favorites.

MPG! MPG! Its interior is roomy and the trunk/hatchback provides lots of space.

Comfort, gas mileage, lower pollution, fun to drive. 

All the extra features like JBL sound system, consumption meter, backup camera, etc. Five star government safety rating and side curtain airbags are a great comfort. 

The great fuel economy, touchscreen display, keyless entry and operation, and overall interior space, four adults can ride in comfort. Performance will surprise you.

Map, headlamps, heads up display, smart key system, fold down back seats.

The audio/climate controls on the steering wheel; programmable homelink on the driver mirror; nice graphics display of powertrain sources.

The display with current MPG is addictive, the optional blue tooth is a must if you use your phone while driving.

Passes up the gas pump. Love the leather interior and there's lots of room for passengers. Gets around on the hwy with cruise set at 70mph and still gets 46 - 48 mpg.

Gas mph, smart key (weird pushing the power button and not turning a key) Bluetooth, and everything else.

Gas saving

Mileage, exterior design, interior room for small auto. Large cargo area. Keyless system.

Other the mileage, smart key, inside features, more storage than anticipated. 

Love the touch screen and the backup camera. Leather seats really make it feel luxurious! The sunroof really lets the light just pour into the cabin.

Great cargo space, love that rear camera, and super gas mileage.

No keys necessary, so much is automatic and done for you. Great mileage. Fun to drive and comfortable to take long trips. A lot of room in the back seat and ample storage with the hatchback.

Fuel economy (over 400 miles/tank), cargo space, seat comfort, keyless entry and start, dual glovebox

B/T, nav, voice recog is great! "Gas Stations" and it displays them all with symbols! You can program in maintenance info. Simple to change oil, which I do myself. Rear seats fold down 60/40 and with the front passenger seat folded back, you have a ton or room to carry things! Great job.

Navigation with Bluetooth, design, clever compartments, ample storage space in cargo area, and the fewer stops to the gas station!

Very quiet. Large cargo space. Large touch screen with good info and audio display. Nice deep dash. Double glove compartment. Nice big 16" tires. MP3 jack.

Everything except headlights.

Gas mileage

The smart key is my favorite feature. Door locks, and drive power are all operational as long as the key is nearby. I keep the key in my pocket. I want one of these for my house! Steering wheel controls include radio, digital heat/cool, defrost. Cruise control is dead accurate. 47+mpg after 5K miles

Navigation, Bluetooth, backup camera, stereo and speed dialing.

Name something!! The space inside, the electronics, the fuel savings. I think the thing that is the best is being GREEN!!

MPG, styling, good quality, roomy interior, nice leather.

Awesome MPG. Plug in for iPod or any MP3 player. MP3/CD player. Backup camera. Hatchback allows me to haul a bunch of stuffs inluding large TV, tables and other stuffs that a regular sedan can't. Car is quiet on high way because of low wind resistance.

Center console displays, fuel efficiency, smooth ride at any and all speeds

Gas mileage 48-49, fit and finish, visual MPG feedback while driving, voice commands for phone, radio, climate control, etc. Excellent hands-free blue tooth for cell users.

Gas mileage. Great car. No plug-in required.

Ability to cruise at 35 mph on electric motor only, using no gasoline. Dead silence with no motors running and no gas being burned while stopped at a red light. All the tremendous technology, including bluetooth, navigation, backup camera, etc. Easy to manuever and park. I love this car. 

Audio controls & climate controls are right on the steering wheel. 

Gas mileage monitor, keyless entry and the back up camera.

The consumption indicator, Bluetooth, nav, and MPG.

Color, quiet, beautiful touch screen display and simple, elegant interior, using no gas dropping off my kids at school.

Cool dashboard display, touchscreen display, aerodynamics and resultant quietness at highway speed. Smart entry that allows you to open the doors by approaching the car if the key is in your pocket, also start the car with the key there too!! And, of course, the great gas mileage (and bluetooth).

The hybrid design that yields gas mileage in the mid-forties is good one. There's a lot of control lost to the computer in the process, but overall it functions well. The car is surprisingly road-worthy, especially on the highway.

MPG, display screen, backup camera, smart key, smooth and quiet ride, fun little shifter, LOTS of interior room, and stereo system (9 speakers in mine). 

Gas mileage, tons of toys, better for the environment. package 3 is perfect fit for me. 

Gas savings. Stereo is really great. Touch screen for climate and audio. Backup camera. Easily seats 5, and at 6'1", I can sit in back.

The gas mileage is great. 46-48 MPG on summer tires; 39-42 MPG on snow tires. Based on driving in Vermont - lots of mountains etc. Costs me $27 to fill it and that goes 350-450 miles (seasonal).

Great gas mileage, smart key, back up camera, drives like a "normal" car.

smart key,electronic shift,push button start,turning cycle,comfort,etc,etc.

Comfort, safety features and very fuel efficient. Most of all it's a Toyota - reliability!

Smooth, quiet ride. Great gas mileage - - about 45 mpg overall so far. Good reliability record.

Backup cam, touch screen features, navigation system, consumption/energy monitor, bluetooth, keyless system.

MPG, comfort, handling, everything!

bluetooth phone, fuel consumption display, awesome sound system, "joystick" shift knob, smart key

Great mileage and near-zero emmisions! Makes me feel a bit better about driving so much for work. Steering-wheel controls. Good speakers. Supportive seats. The best in safety features: tons of airbags, ABS, and vehicle stability control. Its fun watching the battery fill up when coasting downhill!

Nav system and bluetooth

One of the lowest emission vehicles on the planet. Great gas mileage. Extremely quiet even at highway speeds because of its aerodynamics. Smooth comfortable ride, plenty of head room and leg room in the back. Hatchback is great for hauling. Info screen great for tracking mpg. Keyless entry.

Cabin design, hybrid tech, handling (you believe it? It's fun to drive). The Toyota GPS is ridiculously complicated and takes weeks of study to tame. Buy a $300 Garmin, better, cheaper, and doesn't clutter the radio/climate screen. 

Navigation system. The Denso nav system has the latest updates, including service station and bank logos and latest geographic data. The interior layout is also excellent, the controls are intuitively located. Interior cabin space is huge for a mid size sedan! Seating-good side and back support

Smart key system, voice activated hands free Bluetooth phone and GPS nav systems, energy flow schematic, self dimming mirror, tire pressure monitoring system, great fuel economy, backup camera, rearseat leg room, interior roominess and finally, hatch back convenience.

Favorite feature is the touch screen and steering controls. All the space is a plus too. Doesn't feel like you're sitting in a compact car.

Suggested Improvements

I love the Blue Tooth feature. I no longer have to worry about using the phone while driving. I also like the self dimming mirror. Also all radio and heater controls can be done from the touch screen. All items I never had in any previous cars.

Quiet ride and the control panel which coaches you to get better mpg. 

Mileage(!!), regeneration charging, Blue Tooth, touch display, Smart key, electronic shifter and a car smarter than I am!

High MPG, smooth power, quietness, nice ride and handling.

Turning radius, reliability, fuel efficiency, key auto opener, bluetooth, style.

Looks pretty nice. Lots of techno-gadgets. Fuel economy, obviously. JBL system rocks. Like that I can plug in the iPod.

I love the smart key and the backup camera. Gas mileage is GREAT! I could not be happier!!

Fuel consumption display, safety features, roomy interior.

The multifunction display is the winner here. I love the bluetooth and the nav system. Great compliments to a great car.

Navi and computer. I love all the technology in this car. And I really like the way it looks. The Touring model adds a bigger spoiler and bigger wheels. Nice smooth ride, plenty of pick up, generous seating, decent sound system, iPod jack! Keyless entry and drive, great mileage, backup camera.

Gas Mileage, Ride, Comfort, Interior Features, Keyless entry, GPS, Bluetooth, flip down back seats.

Mileage, overall comfort (back seats for adults is quite good), highway handling, sound system. Reliability. This thing starts right up in winter when it is minus 25 degrees Fahrenheit.

Gas mileage.

Fuel consumption, quiet, roomy, cargo space.

Electronic display of speed etc and the space in the car for a small sized car.

gas mileage, comfort, quietness, driveability, everything. 

Mileage. Keyless features. Cabin utility.

I like the style of the car and of course the gas mileage.



The hatchback, how the back seats fold down flat to make lots of room, MILEAGE (of course),reliability, comfort, fit & finish...

Gas mileage, roominess, the consumption display

Fuel economy, cargo space

Mileage, fit and finish (except rattle), anticipated Toyota reliability, cruise that can be set as low as 25 mph - great for city speed traps.

Environmentally friendly, great MPG, roomy, practical, great interior design, many steering wheel controls, backup camera (optional item), few blind spots, great resale value, braking (when car is mostly empty), parking is a breeze (size of car and backup camera prevents bumping).

Mileage is the favorite feature. But, the overall finish of the car is great. We also have gotten to really like the gps and 6 CD player. My golf clubs fit nicely in the back. I've driven and ridden in a Civic Hybrid. Very nice but the Prius takes the technology to the next level.

Electric automatic climate control, electric power steering, smart key system with alarm, comfortable leather seats, navigation system, steering wheel controls for many functions.

Teaches you how to drive proper. Nice look. Fuel savings. Nice display screen.

Smart key, gas mileage, awesome hybrid technology. Well built vehicle. Bluetooth hands free phone.

Fuel economy! Fuel consumption computer & in dash display which is addicting to watch & tailor your driving habits. Touring pkg-leather is a must! Smartkey.

Key-less feature, bluetooth, audio system, roominess, economical.

High mileage, good warranty on batteries, when in electric drive mode, mica color, solid feel (for a Toyota), steering wheel size and grip, computer screen, has arm rest, the view out the front window

Ease of handling, plenty of room front, back and in hatchback area, fuel savings, and it's just fun to drive.

Consumption screen

Miles per gallon. Quiet operation and well sound proofed. Plenty of room. ability to adjust temp, radio, etc., at steering wheel.

While this car only has four cylinders, I like the power it has. I don't speed but I am able to keep up with anything on the road, but I'm sure I can't drag race (and wouldn't want to).

MPG, blue tooth hands-free telephone, leather, navigation, No-key push button start

GPS is fast and great - must nicer than my old handheld unit. Love to watch the fuel consumption display. I'm a computer geek so all the electronics are a joy for me (smart key, dash, etc.).

The audio is unbelievable! No gears! ABS and VCS work as advertised. Excellent interior design, with plenty of room. Controls for audio and climate control on steering wheel. And of course, the gas mileage is incredible; over 50 even at 60 mph on hilly highways!

Keyless entry. Easy to use dashboard controls.

The high seating give you great visibility, the rear view camera is great, the smart key system is helpful when its raining it makes entry into the auto quicker than normal. The hatchback it wonderful when storing luggage 

MPG! Stereo, auto-door locks, aerodynamics, "smart" face @ front-end! MPG drops during the winter, but am so spoiled that 50 MPG seems low. I keep cars a long time, & hope to keep this one forever. 

Keyless-LCD monitoring of all functions and steering wheel controls

Bluetooth.

GPS, interior room, styling.

The gas mileage and the electronic read-out Toyota gives you to track your mileage. 

When it is running

Obviously the high fuel economy, in additon to overall design and Toyota's reputation for reliability. Absolutely love the Smart Key feature, roominess, and versatility (hatchback, etc). Simply a pleasure to drive!

Bluetooth, navigation, ability to see mileage as car drives, back-up camera to find newspaper in driveway at 5 am when it's still dark outside.

Of course the mileage is very good. The ride is quiet, handling is very good, and I feel very safe in this car. I am glad I stepped up and purchased the Touring package.

Stereo

I love the ride (so smooth), the leather seats, the GPS that is built in, the Blue Tooth phone system, the Six CD Changer, and how roomy the back seat is to ride in. I know when I read what others had written I went and test drove one and ordered it the same day. I left the Chrysler 300 HEMI C.

Smartkey system is great. You never have to take the key out of your pocket. It's as if the car recognizes you, and with the key in your pocket, it does. Makes dealing with putting a key in the ignition, or pressing a fob to unlock the door seem archaic.

47 mpg overall, sneaking up on people in parking lots (they never hear you coming).

Fuel economy (46.2 mph avg!), extras- packed navigation sys w spot-on GPS route guidance, 6 CD changer w MP3 port, clever tranny shifter in dash w/ fuel-and-brake saving engine brake, backup camera, smart key, veh. stability sys, climate, audio, & nav/engine performance controls on steering wheel.

1) Ergonomics: steering wheel (oval), dash, rear. Awesome ergonomics - love it! Great steering wheel. 2) Windshield provides great view. 3) Gas...of course. Does not get any better. 4) Interior materials.

Leather, navigation, bluetooth, upgraded audio system w/aux jack, back up camera, smart key, ample storage spaces.

Navigation system with all of its features. Backup camera. Bluetooth.

Back-up camera.

Hatchback design with ample cargo room, smart key system, steering wheel controls, MP3/iPod plug-in, fuel efficiency, lower emissions

Fuel economy, very little road noise, smart key, rear view monitor when in reverse, no blind spots to speak of, ease of handling and it does cruise down the highway without any problems. 

Smart key.

Power, mileage, field of view

Gas mileage, quiet at all speeds, plenty of room front and back. 

The touch activated display screen to control most functions.

Controls on steering wheel, bluetooth phone.

Quiet operation; I'm deaf, and wear powerful hearing aids. Very little road and wind noise compared to most high mpg autos.

Smart key, reverse camera, touch screen, buttons on steering wheel, MPG quiet.

Low gas bills. The Smart Key system. Comfortable back seat for our tall family.

Smart Key, quality of workmanship, ride, style, MPG.

Bluetooth setup. Backup camera. Lots of storage slots.

Smart key is great, just walk up to the vehicle and open the door. Rear camera is a safety item, I am impressed with the visibility. Leather seats very comforable. Mxp 3 jack great

I love the ride quality, the leather seats, the cargo room in the back, the driver console, the nav/console, steering wheel controls, fuel efficiency.

Handles well, very comfortable and quiet.

This car is peppy and roomy. I love the back up camera!!

Dash and gas mileage.

Design, internal design, looks, and quietness!

All of the extra drawers! Smart key and back up camera are fab!

Gas mileage. Plenty of storage space. Very "green" car.

Pkg4: emit the least CO2, smartkey, audio, homelink, bluetooth, and the ability to drive purely on battery in parking lot.

Mileage, smart key, sound system (6-disc CD, 9 spkrs, aux. plug for my MP3), bluetooth, cupholders, rear legroom, information touchscreen (I call it the robo-brain), navigation system, backup camera, split rear seats for extra cargo.

Fuel economy, handling, interior room, in dash data monitor, steering wheel buttons to control different functions, radio, heating/air conditioning etc.

Gas mileage, exterior design, keyless remote, roomy.

Mileage, comfort, smart entry, nav with bluetooth and voice recognition, roominess.

Keyless control. Climate control. Back up camera and great stereo, also MPG.

Touch screen. Back up camera. Comfort control. MPG

Bluetooth, navigation, hatchback design, JBL sound system, XM radio, Smart Key, MPG, MPG, MPG.

Bluetooth, room, quiet, environmental features, sound system, seat warmers, quiet.

Bluetooth, smart key, HID headlights, navigation.

MPG, leather interior, rear seat legroom.

Mileage

