 I really like all the features I have with the Titan. DVD, Rockford fosgate radio with satelite. 8 way powered and heated seats plus the way the rear seats fold up. Plus the storage box at the back. Also the easy lift tail gate. And the power rear window. 

Power, Stereo, Ride Comfort

Shifting of the gears; the instrument panel; great audio sound system and more

Engine is awesome, sound system is outstanding and just a great truck

long bed,seats are great too sit on,very fast too!

Performance, comfort, and style

power

My favorites are the stereo system. the dvd player and the seats so much more comfortable than other trucks i've owned.

Engine power, towing ability, spacious cab.

LE Standard Features. Got rid of the Goodyears and put Michelins on. The Rockford-Fosgate 350 watt stereo/6 disc CD & 10 speakers with subwoofer is "stinking groovy".

Large cab, unique style. high seat position, large windows.

comfort, LE options, large tires, sound system and especially performance. 

Exhaust sound, interior design, ride quality, Bluetooth, and stereo.

The stereo system, the bed rails and rear tool box, the ride comfort, and interior space in this crew cab, WOW!!

Lots of room, the LE options. Rear seat folds up and down, Rockford Fosgate, blue tooth, sun roof, the 7 foot bed, and the rumble of the factory exhaust no need to buy an aftermarket it sounds good stock.

Comfortable seats, roomy interior, Rockford-Fosgate stereo system, 5- speed auto, HP and torque, overall appearance, well-built

Rockford Fosgate, power everything, bluetooth.

Interior is comfortable. Handling and ride are very enjoyable. Great towing ability. 

LOTS OF ROOM!!! You can seat belt 6 people inside, but you can easily fit 10 (tried and true). Took it up and down a mountain, couldn't ask for anything more. 

Power, smooth tranny, ride, four doors AND long bed in 1/2 ton, lots of room, built in outside extending mirrors, spray in bedliner, tie down cleats, auto windows down with keyfob, soft lowering tailgate, backup warning system, and my front bench seat. Hardly notice my 26' trailer, except at pump.

crew cab comfort.

Nav, 20" tires & wheels, DVD system, Rockford Fosgate audio system.

Bluetooth, I'm on the road a lot and this is really helpful to me.

Comfort, sound system, overall styling still an eye catcher.

Power

Best feature by far is the 6 disc CD changer/aux input for the iPod. Heated seats, and mirrors are good too. The seats are comfortable, yet durable. My Titan glows after a good wax.

Exterior and interior styling, 20" rims, bluetooth (AWESOME), 20 mpg on the freeway in a huge truck is impressive. Easy up/down assist on tailgate, spray in bed liner and rail system in the bed are awesome!

Versatile bed, driver memory for key and fob. I love the leather interior and the comfortable ride for a big 4WD. Also love the 20" wheels. Instant fuel economy has helped me drive better for that.

Good solid frame. I like the fact they dont make 3 engines for it. Keeping the 5.6 trustworthy and reliable.They fixed the brakes. Bigger rotors and pads for 2008. Nice :)

Handling, towing, comfort, stereo, heated leather seats, visibility.

 Power, looks, features

Powerful engine! Very comfortable seats, navigation system, powerful XM radio with 6 CD changer keep us entertained while out of range of AM/FM radio. Dual climate controls make the cabin comfortable for each passenger. 

Bluetooth hands-free phone, tail-gate assist, spray on bedliner, and utili-track system.

Rockford system, blue tooth, load securing tracks. Lockable storage.

Interior leather and sound system. Seats outstanding comfort. Engine performance tremendous Reide is good and traction wonderful in snow.

Big, comfy, great radio with iPod jack.

Styling, space, ride, performance, FUN to drive! 

The 18" alloy wheels, the corner step for ease of access into the bed, the 4wd on the fly as well as the differential locking mechanism with a click of the switch. The roominess of the interior and the comfort of the seats. I made a great decision!!!

UTILI-TRACK system, Blue Tooth technology, 

Great pulling power, rear doors fold all the way back to the bed on the king cab model, handy tool box, easy lift tail gate, lots of interior room, great sound system.

Looks, cabin quietness, seat comfort, build quality.

Comfortable seats, great sound system, fun to drive, The black exterior looks sharp. 

Finally a Nissan with enough room to haul everything in style.

New design inside and out. Love the 20 inch wheels. The new Titan is not as noisy as the older Titans.

Rockford Fosgate sound is awesome. Bedside toolbox is handy. VERY spacious in backseat. This puppy gets up and goes!

Truck has gobs of power - interior styling much better than the tundra and american trucks. White gauges and heated seats. Stereo is the best I have heard in production vehicle. Galaxy black paint looks awesome in sunlight.

Rockford Fosgate audio is fantastic. Rides like a dream. Enough guts to do anything I need. Finally a REAL size bed on a truck. Built-in tool box is really handy.

Auto up/down window for driver and auto-down for passenger, aux input for iPod, well cushioned seats, headroom, auto-dimming mirror/compass, steering wheel audio/cruise, ample int. storage, backup side-view mirrors that come w/towing package, interior door handles (left arm rests so comfortably)

Excellent power and creature comforts. A good balance of the ruggedness of a truck while being comfortable for a "gentleman" driver. 

Bluetooth capability and stereo are great. The interior is well thought out and all the storage compartments are very useful.

Strong engine, navigation system, XM radio, plenty of storage, workable tie downs, and nice big seats. Power everything!

Power, interior, exterior.

RF stereo, looks, and overall driving experience.

interior is comfortable, auto up/down windows driver/passenger, exterior styling, rear sonar

Memory seats, comfortable leather captain's chairs, Rockford Fosgate stereo with steering wheel controls, huge cabin with lots of storage, overhead console with even more storage, well designed cargo bed.

New Bluetooth capability for hands free phone conversations. Dual climate control. Larger brakes and 20" rims. Power gear window. 

R-F speakers sound great, great acceleration (even at cruising), roomy cab (lift back seats up and have lots of room on floor for dogs to lay down), easy lift tailgate, fender storage is handy for straps etc, pwr rear window. Fits very nicely in garage (shorter bed), center console can hold folders.

Bluetooth, stereo, locking rear diff.

The bluetooth option is awesome! Works so well. The power is awesome, handles great, and is so quiet! Interior is really nice for a truck. I dig the rockford fosgate system, really great! Utilitrak system in the bed is very useful as well!

I really like the power rear window. The powerful engine is great and it sounds great. Styling is good too, I get compliments on it everywhere I go. 

Exterior stance and presence. Interior room, comfort and features especially nac and bluetooth. Dampened tailgate and bedliner are great, useful additions. Uses regular fuel and getting about 14.8 mixed driving at 6,000 feet above sea level.

Interior room. Exterior design. 6-disc CD changer that comes standard on the SE. 18 inch wheels are nice.

Radio.

Bluetooth, imformation center, utilitrack, bedside storage, spray-in bedliner and 20 rims included in LE (all others charge extra) tailgate assist, etc.

Bluetooth, XM radio, towing ability, captains chairs are comfortable. White speedo tach and driver display area. Upgraded radio is decent.

Fit and finish, seat comfort, overal shape and size of vehicle is the best out there. Exhaust note is superb.

Utility track system, bedside storage compartment, tailgate assist, electronic 4WD, Rockford Fosgate audio system.

Seats, gauges, drivetrain.

Horsepower, towing capacity, comfort, the Rockford Fosgate stereo system, sprayed in bed liner with the bed lock down system.

