Ride, handling, power and all around performance. Exterior styling is nice (shape similar to Porsche Cayenne). Comfortable and roomy. Rear seats move fore and aft. Third row roomy enough for me at 6'0".

Bluetooth and Nav system.

Handling/Power, Blind Spot Monitoring System, Back Up Camera, Nav, BOSE, The overall looks, 

Interior design is great and comfortable seats. Car feels a lot bigger inside than it is. according to the specs is only 2 inches longer than my SRX but it just has more room. Well Done Mazda

My favorite features are the comfortable ride, power of the engine, the blind spot monitoring device and the head and leg room.

The price I paid! Got a 10k discount! Standard bluetooth. Sporty handling. Luxurious ride quality and appointments.

Ergonomics, dash layout / adjust ability (over 6 ft tall) and lots of room. this car looks and feels great to drive

Engine is a solid performer. Corners well, more car-like than my 2007 4Runner. The 6-speed transmission is smooth. Gadgetry is well-placed. Gauges are colorful at night and easy to see. Audio system is decent...not quite as good as the upgraded JBL in my 4Runner.

Sporty exterior, luxury interior. Super comfortable seats, high quality leather. Great Bose stereo. Blind- spot monitoring. 



Bluetooth and voice command navigation are fabulous. Value the lane change warning system, sound system (with Sirius) is great, seats are really comfortable and all three rows have good foot room. Auto rear hatch is also nice. Car's fit and finish is very good.

AWD (makes huge diff in rain going around turns on slick road), Bluetooth, build quality (solid and quiet), Bose surround sound stereo system, easy access to third row, remote trunk raise, slick design (gets a lot of praise, can't tell 3 rows from outside, but plenty big inside), feels much smaller.

The power driver's seat is very comfortable, the "media" port is helpful, and the storage areas are useful throughout. 

handsfree bluetooth, dvd, navigation, leather seats and smart key.

Stereo, engine, transmision, nav, Bluetooth, looks.

Bluetooth, handling, outward appearance, 3rd row 

Blind spot monitoring, handling, all around feel

Cockpit design with blue led "mood lighting", voice activated bluetooth phone and navigation system, Keyless entry combined with seat memory, rain sensing wipers, back up camera, power hatch, Bose sound system.

Easy to drive, easy to access the seats, perfect car for a family. The Blind Spot Monitor should be standard on all vehicles of this size.

Interior roominess.

273 hp and 6 speed transmission get this vehicle moving quickly and effortlessly. Bose surround for CD & DVD. Blind spot monitoring system (BSMS). Xenon headlights. Nice interior and gauge cluster. Plenty of room in 3rd row for adults.

Keyless entry, remote start, 20" wheels, AWD, rear camera, plush leather seats, comfortable ride, exterior design, power liftgate!

Rear-view mirror back up cam. Ipod outlet in console. Blue instrument light. 

Bluetooth, navigation, bose sound system, fun to drive, and lots of nice features.

Bluetooth, navigation, blind spot monitoring, automatic rear door, rain sensing wipers, Bose speaker system.

The entertainment systems is great for my kids on long drives. The navigation is nice especially when we go on the occasional trip. It makes you feel that much relaxed and confident knowing that you can find points of interest/gas pumps/stores, etc., with just the touch of the navigation system.

Heated leather seats; ease of getting into third row; quick response.

Exterior sharp and head turning, blue tooth phone easy to use, instrument lighting vivid and clear, interior classy and comfortable, seating extremely family-friendly.

Roomy interior. Good handling for a big car. Engine started stiff but is getting more responsive, and plenty of power. Very comfortable on the highway. Lots of room for cargo (unless the third row seats are up). Nice looking.

Decent 3rd row seating and a nice engine/chassis matchup.

Navigation, rear back up camera!

The performance and handling are my favorite features. It also comes with enough gadgets to me happy

See above.

Grip, road manners, flexibility of interior. It looks like it should, luxury crossover. HID lights very cool, transmission - smooth, precise, ready to rev. For such a heavy ride (all in the category are heavy), it is a blast to drive.

Very easy to drive, comfortable ride. Versatility of seating configurations and legroom in second row. Exterior design minimizes size of vehicle.

Bluetooth, voice activated navigation system, memory seats, backup camera, MP3 6 disc CD player, DVD player with wireless headphones, power open/close rear liftgate, keyless entry & start system, 6-speed sport AT automatic transmission.

Nav system, fit and finish and general comfort (my family is all over 6 ft and there plenty of space for knees in the second row). I would STRONGLY recommend getting the backing camera. The rear window is high and there is a big blind spot.

Bluetooth, night lighting on gauges, third row seat simplicity, wood trim is dark enough not to look cheap.



1) Technology! Smart card key (how did we live before this?); Bluetooth is easy to use - anybody holding their phone to their ear is crazy; nav; back up camera; rain sensing wipers; touch screen audio controls; auto close rear gate. 2) Fun to drive 3) Great looks.

Easy fold third-row seats for additional cargo space, hidden cargo floor, easy third-row seat access. Bose sound system. Fine quality leather seats!

Touchscreen navigation, bluetooth, and spacious third row.

Bose sound system (worth every penny), sports car like handling, easy to fold seating.

Bose is awesome, everything else is just perfect.

The new body style that you are beginning to see out there on the road, but no one really has them yet.

Sound system, steering response and cabin noise. The techno package is unbelievable.

Smart Key (nice). Middle row seats adjustable fore and aft and recline, access to the 3rd row is easy. Remote start. Bluetooth works well. Drives like a sports sedan, not an SUV or van. Nice interior design and materials, uplevel feel. Voice command nav, if we can train it to function properly.

Navigation, Bluetooth, stereo, engine performance and pickup (probably benefited a little from the bigger engine in the 2008), quiet inside (even with the 20s), very plush and comfortable interior and exterior.

I love how it drives. Mazda's slogan was true ("zoom-zoom"). This car is combined Lexus and Acura TL.

Handling, third row seat, easy folding seats, bluetooth, mp3 connector. In floor storage in back rear.

Interior design, BOSE sound system, illuminated console, and on and on

Pros: Sporty and stylish has power goes off-road like a sports car. Roomy great for families of 5 that need extra room,Handles well smooth ride.

Blind spot monitoring. Back-up camera. Very smooth ride. Lots of room. A really expensive looking vehicle. Pretty fair braking. Acceptable gas mileage for a large vehicle. Great incentives on this vehicle 

Integrated blue tooth, blind spot warning.

Ride quality. Build quality. Quiet. Parts/accessory prices are reasonable. Sliding mid-row seats.

Overall build quality and design. Motor Trend had it right in awarding 2008 SUV award to Mazda. 

DVD, cockpit design, very peppy, smooth and quiet ride. Plenty of space for a family of 5 + a big dog. 

blind Spot monitoring system, Smart Entry and Start System, HID, 6-speed manu-matic transmission.

Finishing touches on interior Navigation Bluetooth Smart Key(just drop in purse and go!) Auto lift on hatch Blind spot monitoring(every car should have this)

Roomy, style, rock solid, fun, bluetooth, rearview camera, cd loader, Bose Centerpoint System...and all that is having.

Smooth ride and easy to handle for a big vehicle. Of all the safety features, we love the Blind Spot Monitor the best. Seats are comfortable and road noise is minimal. Instrument panel is easy to read. 

HID, SmartKey, BlindSpor Monitoring, rain-sensing wiper, auto on/off headlights.

The leather heated seats are very comfortable and the bluetooth makes hands free phone use easy. Everyone has commented on the great looks of this vehicle.

Just about everything. Steering. Ride. Overall handling and performance. Styling. Blind-spot monitoring. Comfort. Roominess. Versatility of seating. Long telescope of steering wheel. Clear bluetooth sound and easy setup. Logical climate controls. Legibility of instruments. 

The way it handles, and the quiet smooth ride. The roomy interior is very useful and easy to use. Seats are very comfortable even for my 6'2" legs! The back is more than roomy for tall adults! Bose system is so good you won't want to leave your favorite music.

The console is futuristic and impressive. The veh. style is also an eye-catcher and gets many heads turning.

Easy third row access. Great-sounding Bose audio. Snow-conquering all wheel drive.

Sound and nav systems, controls, moon roof, keyless system, back up camera, reliability and zoom zoom

Performance over all improved during the last apart of our 1st trip including mileage and accelleration. We live in Minnesota and find the heating system is great, but the seat heaters could be warmer.

Blind-spot monitoring system, Smart Key Start and Entry system, HID headlights, 20" alloy wheels, 6-speed auto/manual shift.

Performance/handling-fun to drive. Stereo is awesome. Great Xenon headlights. Back up camera and GPS work great.

Favorite features include the comfort of the leather seats, the room throughout the interior and all the safety features. We enjoy the navigation system, backup camera and how quiet the cabin is while driving. We love the power open/close back door and the ground clearance the truck has. 

Suggested Improvements

Moonroof/Bose, Blind Spot Monitoring system, exterior styling.

Adjustable second row, functioning third row, driveability, fit & finish.

Lots of room and love that I can seat 7 people if I need too.

Handling and ride, room, looks to die for seems pretty well built. None of my snobby neighbors have one.

Drive experience. Comfortable cruiser, tight road response

The electronics, the seat adjustments, the bluetooth and sound system are tops.

Blind spot monitor, keyless entry system, intuitive navigation, exterior styling

Exterior styling, space, seating flexibility, Bose stereo, blind spot monitor, backup camera, fun to drive, great handling for a large SUV, value for money.

Styling, performance, handling, and price.

The blind-spot monitor is our favorite; while it's not a substitute for careful driving, it helps in congested, multi-lane traffic. The overall handling is impressive for a vehicle this size. And it has a 3rd row seat that can hold adults and has usable space behind the 3rd row seat even when its up.

Entertainment center, sporty steering wheel, comfortable seating and lots of space

Blind spot monitoring, I didn't even know it had it, but what a relief it does. Auto-wipers. Halogen headlamps. Blue-tooth capability. Overall value.

All-wheel drive, excellent sound system (Bose), Hands-free phone and navigation commands, power lift-gate, sporty handling, great looks (20 inch/10 spoke wheels is awesome!), passenger comfort.

Blind spot monitoring system, adjustable Xenon headlights, Bose sound system, 20-inch wheels, excellent climate control system.

Nav system, 6 CD changer, Bluetooth, keyless entry and remote start, automatic liftgate, GameBoy, Blind Spot monitoring, IPod I guess everything!

The way it drives, smooth and sporty. Handles like a sport car.

Sporty styling and handling are excellent for such a large vehicle; Overall interior room is better than most in its class; Basic stereo with MP3 hookup is more than adequate; and the two tone leather seating is very supportive and appears to be of nice quality. 

6 spd manumatic which I use in manual mode most of the time. Handling. Styling inside and out. Seat comfort. 2nd row space, comfort.

Space, interior, exterior design, the tranny, power and features.

Power, handling, sporty feel and look. Well built with a towing capacity.

Looks nice, not bulky like the GMC Acadia. Same gas mileage as my 03 Toyota Sienna but a lot more power and light years in handling, braking and fun to drive factor. Really a "Zoom Zoom"

Bose stereo, powerful engine, handling, versatile and comfortable seating, climate control, low maintenance intervals.

Handling, seats and large rims.

The handling is great, love the stereo and the MP3 capability. Just fun to drive. No station wagon feel here.

Backup camera in mirror. Quiet cabin. Bose. Rear seat access & adjustability. Interior "mood" lighting. Comfy front seats. Simple controls.

Handling and engine performance are good. 

Comfort, drive, great looks, headlights, dash lights, Bose, bluetooth, third row seating, storage, reclining second row seats, backup camera and blind spot monitoring system.

Outside appearance. Bose radio/cd is great. Seating is comfortable. I like the back-up camera on the mirror. 

Styling, fun to drive, interior space / room.

Speeed and transmission. Keyless entry, auto-closing tailgate, backup camera. 

Seats, ride, turning radius, general comfort.

Comfort, styling and performance. Great car all around! Excellent value for the money.

Smooth and quiet ride, Bose stereo, and outstanding fit and finish. Sharp styling. Roomy interior and decent 3rd row seating. 

Bluetooth Hands-free control. Blind-spot monitoring. Rain-sensing wipers. Keyless entry and ignition. Extra-smooth engine and transmission. Smooth ride. Horsepower. Handling. Cargo space.

Ride, speed, comfort. Cabin is excellent. Handling is top notch, almost like you are driving a sports car.

Engine/transmission is sooo smooth. Bose stereo. Tons of legroom, even for tall people. Easy to get into the 3rd row. Well controlled suspension.

Inside and outside styling, Bose stereo, handling, roomy interior.

Wow that's hard. Very smooth transmission, good audio (even though it's bose), tight accurate steering, pretty good feel to brakes, excellent rear leg room. It's just a good value. 

Great colors. Fun to drive

Controls, Bluetooth, heated steats, ease of third row entry, 18 inch wheels, and Bose sound system.

Navigation, Bluetooth, fun to drive, comfort, storage capacity, futuristic style, solid/tight uni-body.

Bluetooth phone, iPod jack, voice-response navigation, powered tailgate, keyless proximity key fob.

Creamy smooth engine / transmission combo, light / responsive handling (for such a large car), 20 in wheels, Bluetooth, nav w/ camera, RSES (kids love it) and remote holder, smart key, third row, 12V and 120V power sockets, extreme quiet, solid feel and no rattles.

Bluetooth phone, navigation system, Bose speakers, iPod jack, power liftgate, massive cargo space, and the comfort of the leather seating. This reinforces my loyalty to Mazda (fourth one owned).

Blind spot monitor, Bose sound system, backup camera, remote wireless key, blue tooth and navi are great, drive is smooth and quite, feel like we are floating, lift gate, great ventilation, never gets too hot inside for huge car, huge storage space 

Roomy, handling, exterior and interior styling.

Handling, power, style (exterior and interior) regular gas (over 21 mpg), lift gate, Copper Red Mica with Sand.

I love the Bose stereo, the lumbar support in seat and really have enjoyed the seat warmer.

Loving every minute of driving the CX-9! 

Dash board lay out, styling both inside and out.

Bluetooth is top technology along with the backup camera. Leather is high quality and will withstand the torture of kids and dogs. Safety is evident in the brakes in rear and front body panels, side air bags and rollover sensors.

Roomy inside, nice looking outside. AWD rocks!

20" wheels, engine, bluetooth, I pod connector, automatic liftgate, bluelight gauges. 

Electroluminescent guages, blue indirect interior lighting, all kinds of storage pockets and drink holders, HID lights, keyless entry, rain sensing wipers, Bose speakers, the list goes on.

Rear back up camera, lot of interior space, sliding second row seats.

Comfort of the seats and all the extras Mazda adds in to the CX-9

Back up camera in the mirror, good cargo space, decent third row leg space. Locking window glass, switches of the light on the other 3 window glass up and down buttons.

Blind spot monitoring system, LED marker lights, Bluetooth, high quality leather in Grand Touring, Smart Key rocks. 

