The hp, a/c and cargo area. This is a mans truck, it handles great off road. It is bounces around a little but over I'm happy.

The sound system, And the amount of Room it has.

good ground clearance much storage when the back seat is folded reliable sturdy car

The vq40 is a beast of a motor, absolute best in its class. love the roof rack and step side bumper. On the fly 4wd is easy to use. 4 low is like a tank very impressive. Ground clearance. stiff steering is responsive and great for off road applications. steel wheels are tough and wont damage easy

Built-in factory trailer hitch, 5000 pound towing capacity, very quiet interior, well-mannered driving both in-town and on the highway, smooth auto transmission, high ground clearance.

The acceleration. The high Ground Clearance. The simplicity.

Power and comfort

Drive train with 4 wheel limited slip, hill descent, locking differential. Got the fancy sound system by default but I love it. Nothing like good XM tunes while in the middle of nowhere.

Engine..265HP love it, off road capabilities, overall a very well designed vehicle. extremely practical.

powerful engine and fun to drive

Exterior design, radio controls on steering wheel and very comfortable seats. Satellite Radio is awesome too.

Engine, tranny shifts.

The 4WD is incredible for off roading and I do not even have the Off Road package. Fuel economy is slightly better than advertised if you spend the majority of the time doing the speed limit. 

six speed manual

blue tooth, garmin in the dash, rugged yet practical

Sitting up above traffic.

Sound system, manual transmission, snow/OR capability, practicality: lives up to its name, looks

The looks, roof cargo box, very hardy

High performance engine, 6 spd. Back seats easily conform to what ever use. Ride is exceptional for a "truck". Cargo carrying capacity, including sturdy roof rack.

Bluetooth works perfectly! Honda's "HandsFree Link" never worked properly. Love the Xterra's glovebox design with the 2 glove boxes, the Ipod connector, and the console cup holders are even built rugged. The Garmin Nuvi 750 Dashboard mount that hides the unit when not in use is sheer genius!

Plenty of horsepower, roomy, quite, excellent handling.

Style, quality, engine performance and interior design.

4wd, roof racks, plastic rear floor panels on the interior, 5 speed automatic transmission which is smooth.

Its fabulous transmission -- have not wanted anything but a stick shift, but this automatic transmission is okay by me -- I can easily identify what the gears are doing and that extra low is remarkable, as I live in the Sierra Nevada Mountains, and offroad is the name of the game.





On demand 4WD, Towing Package

Engine, engine, engine. All hail the VQ. 

I love its ground clearance and 4X4 for we have a cabin in the woods and a 1 mi dirt road/driveway to get to it. I also like the fold down rear seats, it gives you a lot of cargo space. I like the steel wheels, as I do not have to now worry about curb rash.

Handling and overall appearance.

Bilstein shocks, wheels/tires, fit and finish, full frame, simple to change oil and general maintenance. Good resale value. Not another car with big tires.

Weight, height off road for visibility, fun truck to drive.

All this truck under $20K with incentives is a great deal! Cruise, keyless entry on a bare bones model. This is a lot of truck!

Ground clearance, ride height, seating position, visibility, versatility, torque, safety, attitude, shockworks.

Ride height & ground clearance; manual transmission; great visibiltiy; 4 full doors; usable cargo vol.; decent leg- room in 2nd row; 4wd; torque; form through function... and Attitude; Rockford Fosgate 6-cd & iPod stereo; abundance of safety features; audio on wheel; rugged suspension; Shrockworks!

The iPod interface, the rockford fosgate radio, XM radio, all the cargo storage, excellent peppy engine, gas mileage better than expected, sport look, this isn't your grandma's SUV.

Engine power, seating up high, amazing ground clearance, overall build quality, big off-road tires, 360- degree road visibility from inside, Off-Road controls (4Hi and 4Lo mode, rear-differential locker, downhill-assist although I haven't used the downhill assist feature yet), and the foldable seats.

High-up driving position makes me feel safer than I felt in my Sentra and gives a better view of the road, has power to spare, surprisingly agile and confident handling even with the base tires (General Grabber) and wheels (16" steel), standard ABS/trac, red alert color is very sharp and gets looks!

Storage configurations, impressive towing capability, offroad prowess, decent gas mileage.

The bluetooth, stereo, all the little things they added to the 2008.

Powerful engine, responsive steering and handling, maneuverability, how quiet it is on the hwy considering this is a rugged, adventure oriented vehicle. Versatile interior for real outdoor enthusiasts. Plenty of head room. Mileage is good for full frame (heavier) and performance of vehicle.

The power. The rockford fosgate system. Steering controls. Build quality. 

Bluetooth hands free, Rockford-fosgate sound system, off road suspension, overall exterior look, brush guard add on, sunglasses holder, storage area tie downs. The way I look in it!

