power,power,power



When Ford recalls my truck and fixes the mileage so I get at least 17 mpg like my other diesel fords.

The King Ranch interior, the "big boy step", and the controls are easily assessable. 

comfort handling,bed step,

quiet engine, pulling power, torque shift transmission

Interior/Power/Trans/ride while towing

Power, Cab room.

Have always liked the interiors but have very little good to say about this Ford F-350 truck anymore. 

loved the interior and the look, would rather have the reliability. seems like you guys took short cuts on the engine

Room enough to fit real men in all seats, MP3 jack, smooth ride, center console with rubberized top to keep your stuff in place.

Inside comfort great, you can ride for miles without getting cramped. Wait, it won't go for miles at a time before it breaks down

Stereo, heated seats, rugged good looks, and climate control. Powered rear window, tinted windows. back-up camera-ipod dock

I like the smoothness of the Ford diesel V8 vs. the Dodge Cummins straight 6. I haul a 6000 lb boat. Ford makes a nice tranny. 

Smooth ride, Sirius radio and ipod jack! Not to mention I love the massive front end on this thing!

Horsepower, torque, ride quality. The eye catching looks. Load capacity (out classes Dodge and Chevy 1 tons). 

The truck other than MPG

Fantasic power, great in town and highway. 

Fast starting diesel that is very quiet. Strong build. Rides great, but still a truck. 

I just like it.

Integrated trailer brake, looks, ride and power.

Quietness, creature comforts, fit and finish. This is simply a well thought out good looking truck. Looks like it's on steroids. Truly a pleasure to drive. 

Handling, ride, Interior room and comfort! Tow/haul mode! Power/Heated mirrors, quiet diesel (able to order food at drivethru without shutting it down) The "bigrig" look of the front, and the storage room. Oh, and the tailgate step! 

none

Love the navigation radio!

Drive train is incredible, pulls like a Kenworth. Navigation system is great and interior comfort is more than I would ask for.

Ride, handling, looks. Very well done

Quieter diesel engine, better stereo system, and towing capability.

The quiet 6.4L Power Stroke Diesel. Captain's chairs and center console. Very nice Audiophile system and speaker placement. Cab has a lot of room to stretch out and plenty of storage. 

The new diesel is exceptionally quiet, with no smoke and no odor. It's a great looking truck that rides and drives extremely well. The King Ranch and Navigation system options were well worth the price. The tow command and tow boss options make towing big loads a snap.

The engine (powerful, clean and quiet), the awesome stereo w/ sub (factory), sat radio, large fully powered mirrors.

Very quiet diesel. My wife likes driving in it (and she drives a Mercedes).

Down shifting in Tow/Haul mode.

Cab. 6.4 Power Stroke diesel. Great sound system. Rides like a car.

Cab Interior...6.4 Power Stroke...carlike ride...great audio system...good build quality and fit and finish. Truck is very quiet.

The soft leather seats, the quiet operation, the power slide rear window and sunroof, the navigation and beautiful sounding stereo are all on the top of my list. But by far the look inside and out is my favorite thing about it. 

The look, same reason we all bought it

The amazing powertrain, comfortable seats, and smooth ride. The mirrors refuse to let any vehicle hide in a blind spot. Overall, it drives like a car, but tows like a truck on steroids!

Engine is a winner, interior is quiet and solid, good looks, great stereo with built-in Sirius, improved electric rear sliding window mechanism, solid acceleration, quiet highway operation, solid planted feel on the road.

Not just one, I like the folding rear seats, the interior is comfortable, the diesel is quiet enough to have a conversation. The new front end looks really cool and also allows all radiators to breathe. My first tank averaged 17mpg and will probably get better.

My wife does not complain when I want to take the truck up to Los Angeles because the quiet ride, soft seats and creature comforts like dual zone climate controls with rear DVD player for the kids. Cab is like a luxury sedan but I can load 4K lbs. in the bed and still tow 12K lbs. Simply awesome.

