Head room, body style. 

Shift knob is nice, lots of cubby space.



The car looks nice and gets reasonable mileage. The trunk is big.

Leather seats, acceleration, gas mileage, roomy interior, body style

Ride and comfort. Quiet!!! Gas mileage. Stereo is really good for this price range. Don't expect the handling of the Accord but in reality all I want is a good quite and comfortable ride.

Climate control, Infinity audio, Leather and all the bells and whistles.

Keather interior....Infinity Radio and all the interior extras

Sound System, homelink, auto-dimming mirror, gas mileage, sunroof, lighted switches

Heated leather, Fuel economy, Price/Features, Long B to B warranty, stereo with sub, smooth and quiet on the highway, surprising passing power for 4 cyl. Tilt/telescopic wheel.

The Hyundai warranty, CVVT transmission, design over previous models, Infinity sound system. Did I say the warranty? All the safety features, Homelink, and value for the money. 

The styling, safety features, engine, warranty, comfort, ride, price, steering wheel radio controls, etc.

the ride and look of my black Sonata 

Cabin comfort and acceleration.

Price, safely, comfortability, warranty.

ride,feel,breaks

SAFETY! Comfortable and supportive seats, interior room, quietness, styling, sound system. The purse hook is icing on the cake. 

Home link sysyem is a great feature. I like all the options the layout of all controls are fantastic.

Value for money, comfort, room, feature content, engine, good radio. Attention to details is evident throughout.

interior space none

Heated seats, XM satellite radio, trip computer, tire pressure monitor. All the bells and whistles at an amazing price point.

Nice power and good lines interior and exterior. This isn't a "chick-magnet" so don't judge it against them. Its a reasonable responsible nice car that can get you from here to there with ample power. Nice safety features. I feel safer in this car.

My favorite features are the peppy 2.4 cyl. chain-driven inline 4 cyl engine which avg 26 mpg, the interior comfort and the auto down AND AUTO UP driver's window.

Leather interior - automatic climate controls - not bad on gas - 10 year warranty.

Comfort, luxury, reasonably economical to operate and complete reliability! Very very comfortable riding vehicles! 

Skidadels, leather, homelink, crazy mad warranty...which I HAVEN'T NEEDED!

xm radio. Comfortable seats. Handles the snow well without snow tires.

XM radio, heated leather seats, automatic on/off headlights, V6, Infinity audio, auto dimming mirror

I got the sun-roof package. 

None yet, maybe price!@!!

All

Quiet ride!! Comfortable seats, trunk space, great looking wheels, radio controls on steering wheel and style.

safety features, great warranty, V-6 performance, XM radio/premium stereo, large trunk, comfortable, quiet interior, overall value.



Already mentioned above. 

Exterior design, smooth and quiet ride, roomy interior, large trunk, smooth transmission, excellent fuel economy and large fuel tank, strong brakes (even without ABS), nice sounding stereo with satellite, comfy leather steering wheel

Xm radio, 

stereo mute button on the steering wheel (a great touch); all the little bins and compartments; automatic climate control; looking forward to using the heated seats in cooler weather

V6 power, good mileage, comfortable, infinity sound system and nice warranty.

Very good mpg, solid power, ride quality, plenty of warranty left, 16 in. tires in GLS (for affordable replacement), decent sound system, looks sharp. In depth manual w/ DIY maintenance instructions!

Quite ride!!! Good size vehicle. Feels roomy. Good size trunk. Price! Got this car for $6K less than 4 cyl Honda EX-L. I think Hyundai is a good buy! You don't have to pay the premium price Honda dealers want.

V-6 power, infinity sound system, comfort, XM radio, auto temp control, heated leather seats, regular gas for the engine, style, standard safety features.

MP3 Stereo

I like the spaciousness. I prefer the front grille on my 2008 to the 2009. The BIG trunk is awesome. Fit and finish are great. I didn't read the manual; I found a new gadget on each drive.It's loaded w/ features I didn't expect. 5 disk CD changer was a surprise.

everything



XM satellite radio, leather interior, 6 cyl. engine,alloy wheels, appearance and handling.

Good mileage, reliability, comfort, drive ability.

Great snow handling, heats up quickly, AC gets cold quickly, smooth ride. Free oil changes

Smoothness, Comfort and exterior Styling.

Sound system is very Nice, headed seat, headlights, the car looks like an Audi but cost about half as much.

Smooth ride. Traction control - handles great in the snow.

Luxurious interior

XM, steering wheel audio controls, 17" wheels with nice tires, traction control, airbags, crash tests, nice quality finishing touches, climate control, 5 spd, leather. The engine pulls strong in all gears. Quality feel to the chasis. 

Roomy interior, large trunk, tons of power, fun to drive on smooth roads, sporty looks, rear view mirror dimmer, engine extremely quit.

Comfort, Great Radio, Quietness

All the gizmos work smoothly...warranty

5-star crash test. Responsive handling. Smooth and quiet ride. Sunroof, Bluetooth. Out-the-door price is just under 21K. Stylish, roomy and beautiful interior design. Quality craftsmanship throughout. Heated leather seats. 360-w infinity sound system.

I fell in love with the Infinity XM/FM radio [with 6 CD player]. I also love the ease of handling [at any speed] and the exceptional gas mileage [above what is advertised]. The ESC feature is a life saver during winter driving. The car is built solid and is very quiet inside. 

Number of standard options and safety features. Can't beat it.

auto headlights, steering wheel audio controls, auto stick shifter, auto down/up driver window

All the safety features and XM radio.The car also has good visibility when backing up and or looking back when passing.

ride, comfort, feels like I'm driving a luxury vehicle. XM radio, trunk space, mileage, interior fit and trim, seating comfort, large feel inside the car, the bag holder in front, the projector lens headlights, styling of the whole car

5 speed, 6cd in-dash, lots of pep for a 4 cyl, sunroof, fit and finish, quiet, comfortable (and I am a big guy), and everything else I didn't mention

Large Trunk, Large Interior.

 The trunk is amazing. I love the color. I like that it looks sporty yet it is a family vehicle. I am excited about listening to the XM radio that is included for 3 months free. The warranty is my very favorite thing.

Solid reliability, comfortable driving, remote keyless entry. 

Powerful and Quiet 4Cyl Engine Automatic Climate Control Steering Wheel Mounted Radio Controls Infinity XM radio w/powerful subwoofer! Comfortable leather seat w/lumbar and Heat Xenon Headlamps HUGE trunk Great fuel economy ABS / ECT / EBD Tire Pressure Monitoring System Cool and smart Trip computer



Heated rear view mirrors..Slap stick... Radio with XM..trip computers..Many standers that would cost extra on other cars. Great safety features....can't wait to see what my mpg will be....

Comfortable front seats, overall fit and finish, good standard radio package, great standard features.

Warranty, Rebate, Exterior Looks SomeWhat Aggressive, Price Tag, Built in the US

The interior set up is wonderful. Having the radio controls on the steering wheel makes it much safer when you are driving.

Price, warranty, quiet, stereo, Homelink, auto temp control, leather, electronic stability, etc. I challenge you to find another midsize in America optioned out like this for less than $24,000.00.

Exceptional headroom and ease of egress. Large trunk and interior. All controls easy to operate.Not a high performance car but plenty of pep for commute.

Sound system,high end Michelin tires,leather,room in cabin,room in trunk and color(powder pearl)

I love the selectronic transmission, the automatic climate control works perfectly. the audio system is superb. Handling is precise and predictable. only one little complaint, see below. All things considered this is as good a car as I've ever driven. The power of the four is surprising. Skip the 6

Style, acceleration, great value. Also, the trunk space is bigger than my previous 2006 grand caravan and my current 2007 honda ridgeline. It is HUGE.

Outstanding styling of both the interior and exterior. Great ride quality. Great fuel economy without sacrificing driving enjoyment. Excellent interior and trunk space, and the 360 watt stereo, with 6 CD Changer, MP3 playback and XM Radio is amazing.

V6 power, and tons of features that are standard on this really low priced vehicle, and the design it is a really nice looking car. Runs smooth and silent! Not to mention the awesome warranty.

1. Quality fit and finish 2. Loaded! Even has heated seats. 3. Great performance(162hp)for a 4 cyl 4. Great fuel economy. 400-415 miles on a full tank. 5. Leather is nice 6. XM radio 7. Style 8. Comfortable 9. Roomy - similar to 2002 Mercedes E300

Like the seats for my bad back. Heated seats are great! It's a good car for short people--- I drove LOTS of cars and this was the best. 

I love the roomy, comfortable seats! The exterior and exterior are stylish and comfortable. I feel like i'm driving a luxury car. I know this is cheesy but I like the fact that it has a Tire Pressure warning... most cars has this as a standard feature in 08 but I think it's pretty cool. 

auto headlights

Almost everything works perfectly Roomy interior Huge trunk Responsive steering wheel for city drive Gas milage Clean design - both interior and exterior

Power, comfort, XM radio, heated seats, midsize outside... cavernous inside.

inexpensive compared to other similar cars, but you got what you paid for. 

Great combination of comfort, performance and economy. Nice build quality. Good Stereo that plays MP3's. Love the styling too.

cost, standard features, safety features

V6 engine - had a 4 cylinder Civic before

Sytle of exterior, tons of room in car, trunk space, european headlight look, comfy seats, decent gas mileage, stellar brakes, nice tires, large exterior mirrors, Powerful heater almost too powerful cuz it will roast you, nice warranty, economical car, Tire monitor, 

All the premium standard features such as stability control, xm radio, six airbags; the spacious interior and trunk.

Sunglass holder, XM, armrest, extremely roomy glove compartment, trip counter and oh SO pretty engine. (I swear I'm gonna take windex to it if it gets dirty.) :)

sporty shape of the car. handling. roomy interior. accelaration for only a 4 cylinder and gas milage.

Color, ride, power, height, trunk space, warrenty even though I regret having to use it already. 

More car for your money and fun ride.

Fit and finish. No sqeaks or rattles. Feels very comfortable and solid. The V6 will scat. Appearance, inside and out, is sporty but refined. Few family sedans are as attractive when viewed from behind. The standard safety features provide peace of mind. Trunk is HUGE. Every detail says QUALITY. 

The stereo system is great and the XM feature is nice. Handling is good and interior layout is nice. Seating room in back is pretty good, I am tall and it is better than most.

Overall quality and safety. Through my job I have rented a number of cars over the last 9 months and smooth and quite ride of the Sonata in quite impressive.

COST, Fit and finish, sound system.

