Power, Nav, memory seats, heated seats,the looks.

both are fun to drive for their own reasons. Get one of both!

6spd, body design, stereo, engine, wheels and belonging to a corvette club!

Targa top - simple to remove. Takes me less than 30 seconds to remove and store in the trunk. DIS - much more logical and easier to use than my 08 Caddy. Hatch Back Storage - unlike previous Vetts lots of space, even with the Targa top in place.

it's a corvette

Horse power to burn, heads up display, all the options including Nav, interior/exterior design, gas mileage with big fat tires. 

*heated seats *OnStar *nice sound system *FAST *can change the color scheme on the display to suit your taste (sorry..but I'm a girl you know!)

Paddle shifter automatic, LS3 power, performance, handling, exterior.

Dual mode exhaust is cool. I have dual tops and like the ability to change when I want to. The Bose stereo is decent for a Vette and the 6 speed has nice short throws. I like the XM radio a lot.

My Corvette knows me. My Proximity key unlocks the vehicle as you walk up to it and locks when you walk away. OnStar is great. Push button start. Very easy to wash exterior surfaces. Neighbors come out of the wood work and are more personable people too due to their interest in the car.

The exterior of this car is a work of art (from a distance). Great gas mileage. OnStar is a nice feature.

Acceleration, it's breathtaking. Firing it up early on a Saturday morning. This car has long legs. I've spent twelve hours driving it, stopping only for gas and coffee, very comfortable. And I've averaged 22 miles per gallon overall since I bought it 7600 miles ago.

Nav system, dual mode head up display, memory package, 6 speed and selective ride control, cross drilled brakes, univ. Home remote, dual mode performance exhaust, heated driver & passanger seat.



The engine and the beautiful color. Heads up display is so cool. It's like you are in a fighter jet.

6 speed, NPP exhaust and Z51. New rims for 08. Push button start. Being able to select competitive mode or turn off traction control. It does make a difference in acceleration. Be careful though!

Beautiful color, full leather interior. Comfort of the seats, the HUD display. Seat and mirror memory setting for me and my wife. The roar of the engine especially with the fuse pulled and all exaust ports open. It sounds like the opening to Van Halens "Hot for Teacher" drum roll. Rockin!

It's a convertible. The top goes down and with the heated seats life couldn't be better. The dual mode exhaust sounds sweet when you start it up. The waves, honks, and thumbs up I get when I'm driving around town. 

Looks great and the Crystal Red color is beautiful. Quickness and drive is wonderful.

Love the 6 speed transmission and the fast 6.2 engine.

The power.

Everything

The 505hp LS7 is a modern marvel of old fashion, but highly modernized push rod V8 engine techology, with 3" exhausts, is music to my ears. C6 coupe "fixed" roof with fastback sloping rear window is a huge styling improvement over the of the last Z06. Most street legal bang for the buck available bar none! 

The sound of that motor is music to my ears, so much so that I do not even listen to the radio at all. It screams power from start to shut down,and oh what a feeling. The car just exceeds my every expectation and was money well spent no matter what fuel cost.

Engine power, the sound of the exhaust. Power top and I like the XM radio. And, of course, the beauty of the car.

Bold power, magnetic ride, heads up display 

Sleek lines, excellent finish, power, gas mileage, run flats with excellent grip.

6 speed manual is fun. Dual mode exhaust is a must have. Z51 is a must have. Are the rest of the bells and whistles worth the cost? Not to me. I stayed with the L1 package. Best bang for the buck.

Appeal (very wide, very low, flared fenders). Huge brakes, wide tires. The gearing makes this car reasonable in highway gas mileage, it is very good for a 505hp car. This car is a compliment magnet, it is attractive to all ages, genders, races, you name it.

Style, performance, cockpit, cargo space, interior quality, removable roof, did I say performance!

I really do like the performance of the engine and how much power it has. I fell in love with the car when I saw the exterior of the vehicle.

The seats wrap around you for a really good feel. The Z51 package is awesome. The transmisson in the rear really equalizes the weight. Engine compartment is almost totally sealed which makes it easy to keep the engine clean. 

The HUD is the best feature as it allows you to keep your eyes on the road. All cars should have this feature.

NPP exhaust, 436 HP, HUD, 6 sp manual (must have for me in a sportscar), surprising comfort of ride (Magnetic Select Ride included), wow factor from myself and everyone else who sees it. Fuel economy is great for the type of car (averaging 25 mpg).

I know that it's in my garage and ready to push the button and go driving. It's truly a marvelous piece of machinery that has great styling and performance.

Power, sound system

Great looks and power! Pulls hard even at 110mph! The Vette gets second looks even when dirty! Great trunk space for a convertible. Navigation direction arrows in heads-up display is nice. After-market options are abundent.

Dual mode, paddle shift, removable roof, steering audio controls, satellite radio and OnStar, smooth ride, responsive handling, remote fob, active handling

Head up display, linen interior, dual mode exhaust, the shifter is 10 times better than '07 I drove, and the amount of ease to bump up the horsepower to 500+ while retaining around 30 mpg on the highway! GM has come a full 180 since 2000 even, major kudos. 

HUD + navigation integration. Having driving directions pop up on my windshield is the ultimate gearhead geek. Crystal red is sexy in the sunlight. Keyless system is nice, still getting used to it.

Power, looks, overall performance, reliability, American made!

Driving 

NPP, performance axle, f55, chrome wheels, 3lt package, transparent top, ls3 engine, hid headlamps, cross drilled brake rotors and that sexy body.

Acceleration, improved interior, clean exterior and the slightly smaller dimensions that the C5. The complete lack of needing a key for anything but emergency use. Also the computer is much improved over the C5 version. OnStar is also a great improvement only wish phone minutes were more reasonably 

Heads up display Npp exhaust, Crystal Red and mad powerful engine

Interior controls, steering wheel, paddle shift.

Color, Crystel red metalic, interior, stereo. LS3 motor.

LS3 Power (feels like a much bigger bump from the LS2 than GM claims). Styling, good stereo, sound, good ride, did I mention power?

Love the paddle shift. My wife and I can both enjoy. Z71 package great. Love everything

Dual mode exhaust. Crystal red paint

NPP exhaust, Crystal red paint

The engine and transmission

I love the looks. Keyless entry, roar of the performance exhaust, handling, and all the aftermarket parts for the vehicle. 

Engine performance is very potent.

Heads up display, heated seats, great sound system, and OnStar.

Power, handling. Reasonably comfortable to live with daily. Will get mid-20mpgs if driven conservatively.

The new trans is great. 6 speed more responsive and love the new exhaust. Really fun to drive

The power, ride quality, handling, looks, comfort

The sound of this vehicle when u put your foot to it. The way this vehicle performs, it is fine for me(did't need the "Z-51 Package"). I can't imagine the Z06!! The NavSys is great once you understand the philosophy. 27.3 MPG at 77mph(4 the 1st 900 miles, it can only get better)home(NY)from BWG. 

My favorite features of this supercar are styling and performance. The Z06 gives me the feeling of complete control and safety in traffic environment. Acceleration is instantanous and onlookers are plentiful.

Dual mode exhaust gives this Vette 436 hp. Floor it from a stop or while moving 20-40mph - the wheels spin very little and the sound. You have to be there. The C6 design is the best Vette produced. Never cared for the pop up headlights, and when they went away I knew I was going to buy one.

The heads up display is a great feature for keeping your eyes on the road ahead and monitoring important engine functions. 

LS3 engine, head up display and the performance exhaust system.

Engine, butterfly exhaust, six-speed, looks, new painted wheels, Z51 handling package

Speed, handling, covertible top

Optional mufflers, heads up display looks. Also I have the two tone seats with red and black with red paint and black top.

New engine, nicer interior, much improved transmission and sterring feel. Standard OnStar, XM radio, auto dimming rear view mirror with compass.

The fender flares and the styling generally. I like the styling better than that of the C5. They seem to go angular-round-angular. I like angular. The performance was expected. The handling is better than adequate. The technology inside is like day and night relative to the 2004. 

The 4LT interior was well worth waiting for. It is like nothing the Corvette has ever done. Hope they keep offering it. The Z06 type exhaust is really "fun" to play with now that I can control it. The Navigation system is very easy to use and the screen details are very good.

The 6 speed paddle shift gets me there just as quick as the standard tranny on the Z06. 

Amazed how this car can go from a very confortable daily driver to one of the world's best sports cars with the flick of the throttle. Very well engineered. Drove it back from TN and got over 26 mpg.

Power/engine, HUD display, looks.

Power, speed, styling & mileage (averaging 24 mpg in city / highway driving). Ride is not as rough as my buddy's Saleen, but rather tame on bumpy roads. This is the first time in as long as I can remember that I have driven in such and exhilerating auto. 

The V8 exhaust tone with the new exhaust and all the standard luxury items. Daily drivability with extreme performance.



