-Incredibly Smooth Quite Ride -Excellent Fuel Economy

The car goes like a bat out of hell and will stop on a dime. Great air conditioning but the heater had a hard time maintaining the proper temperature. The tilt and telescoping steering wheel on entry is a nice touch. The tilt down side mirrors in reverse are fun - for awhile - then distracting.

Navigation System, Parking assist/backup camera, Ventilated seats

The headlights are nice and bright. The radio produces good sound quality. Has a roomy front interior and plenty of trunk space. Rides nice except for cabin noise (sounds like you're driving with a window open). I like the way the car looks, had the windows tinted.

Looks, ride, heated and cooled seats. Nice interior space. It looks really nice, Oh I said that.

Keyless entry and ignition, heated/cooled seats, bluetooth, swiveling headlights, roomy interior, smooth ride, trip computer.

Nice comfort features. Sound system is excellent. Car is a silent cruiser, nice for traveling. Headlights, fog, and driving lights may be configured for automatic on/off, daylight on. Push to start keyfob very convenient. The car is very pleasing to the eye. Despite tranny, still has good economy.

Black exterior with gold logos/tan interior. Solid chrome grill stands out. Levinson sound and awesome ride quality. Drove from Long Island to 250 miles N. of Toronto on 1 -1/2 tanks of fuel. I'll be spending more time driving in the States to enjoy superior roads. Just found a new hobby to enjoy.

None.

Comfortable seats, nav, Bluetooth, gas mileage, heated and ventilated seats, quiet ride, powerful engine, keyless start and entry, quality materials

Smooth, solid ride. Super quiet. Keyless entry and start. Comfortable seats. Bluetooth phone interface. Rearview camera. Big nav screen. Lots of rear leg room. HID lamps/steerable headlights. I get a kick of the steering wheel that moves out of your way automatically when car is turned off.

Navigation system. Climate controls. Steering. All the bells and whistles.

Keyless entry & start; has a nice ride. Interior lighting is well done. Backup camera and park assist is nice.

Cooling seats, rain sensing wipers, no key required for opening the trunk, the rear camera, and the auto darkening mirrors at night.

Bluetooth, navigation, rear camera, park assist and heads-up display showing remaining range for gas.

Cooled seats, navigation, silky smooth and quite ride.

I like the nav, park assist, sunshade, excellent head lights, tpm, heat/cool seats, interior, comfort and power when you need it. And for the size of the car; get good gas mpg-- 32mpg on the highway.

Cooling seats, auto telescoping steering wheel, push buttom start....NO Keys! Most of all the quality of leather and wood trim.

Never thought I'd say this, but the dual A/C controls have solved my lifelong battle with my wife over climate control (even if it's just a psychological difference, it makes her happy).

Levinson stereo, 5th generation nav system (much more intuitive than others), voice command system, backup camera, keyless entry/start, additional rear seat room, increased horse power, interior quietness, improved handling - but still some body roll in corners.

Keyless entry and start (has spoiled me), cooled seats and Bluetooth.

Silky-smooth ride, like my dad's 1979 Buick; sporty but elegant; white back-lit dials; great gas mileage, break-neck acceleration, very quiet cabin.

Comfort. Nav system (with bluetooth and backup camera)

Power rear door and cargo space under floor mat.

The cooled leather seats are a real blessing here in the deep south. The cooled seats were one of the main reasons I purchased the car. The car get reasonably good gas mileage. 

The nav system is a complete upgrade, positioned better and clearer than before. The interior is sleeker with beautiful contours and the exterior is finally distinct from the Camry. 

Seating and general build quality

Acceleration, comfort, steering, quiet cabin.

Power and style; very comfortable seats that are heatd and cooled as desired. Like the rear window shade and the redesign of the console and the layout of the interior controls.The bluetooth and iPod capability.

Mark Levinson upgraded stereo rocks. Panaromic roof, navigation system w/handsfree bluetooth phone connectivity works excellent. Obsidian black w/black interior looks great, perforated front seating for AC and heat. Very roomy trunk. Parking assist with back-up camera.

The car handles well in the snow and rain. I also feel very safe in this car. I avoided a major accident because the braking system in this car is excellent. 

Keyless entry. Telelescoping wheel.

Keyless entry combined with the Interior accent lights upon approaching the vehicle. Tremendous interior space. The six speed transmission sets this vehicle apart from its competitors in the same price range.

Rear-view camera, tilt-down mirrors, power-adjust steering wheel, gobs of legroom front and rear. And that engine, what a monster in this moderate-profile luxury car! So tempting to be a leadfoot!

The gas mileage it gets, also the keyless system.

No key, quietness, great performance.

Ride, handling, quietness, quality, dealer attentiveness, heated seats, backup camera.

It looks and rides wonderfully well like a luxury car. The keyless ignition takes a bit of getting used to but a nice high tech feature. The front air dam is the right height which prevents scraping coming out of my driveway. 

no key, heated and cooled seats, comfort, performance, resale value, dealer service.

Push button ignition, cabin illumination, navigation, back up camera, comfort.

The nav system and the cooling seats. Here in Atlanta it's a must! The shifting headlights make it easier to see on windy roads and the bluetooth feature is great especially for me who communicates a lot for business while driving.

Great nav system and bluetooth phone works great through the system. Asked several people, and they couldn't tell I was on a speaker. Very quiet & smooth ride. Backup cam has a nice wide lens that lets you see well.

Level of luxury, feature content, build quality, driving pleasure.

With the Bluetooth connection to my cell phone, I just push a button and say "call by number" and then say the number and it make the call.

Interior, acceleration, looks, safety.

The tilt-down side view mirrors in reverse and the auto dimming. The quiet ride. Quietest car I have ever driven. A responsive driving machine.

Mark Levinson stereo is great. I love the isolation from the outside, and the ride quality cannot be beat. Fit and finish is top notch. I love the panoramic roof. 

Heated and ventilated seats, roof, navigation system. The Mark Levenson audio. Bluetooth,DVD, the graphite wheels. Color backup camera. Keyless unlocking, starting and much more.

Seats, nav system, back up camera.

The nav is great. Took a while to learn the features. Cool seats are a plus in the state of NC. Great ride.



Fun to drive! Beautiful Lexus interior. Nav system is a techno-junkies dream.

