solid handling, dual panel moon roof, nice leather, smooth power band

EVERYTHING

The styling, build quality, performance, and economy; also the dealer experience is very comforting. I feel like a friend when I show up there. 

Handling and fit and finish. 

everything



Love the standard! ABS..Onstar...telescope/tilt wheel. Handling and front seat comfort is GREAT!

Sunroof is approx. 4ft. long, with a cool power shade underneath it so your not broiling on hot days. 

I simply love the tight and solid handling in this car. It rides on rails on every turn and am not afraid to push it. The leather is perfect and the dual panel moonroof is also a nice touch.

Panoramic sunroof, Opel styling, interior build quality and tactile feel of controls, handling, firm seat comfort, unique Opel controls for Board Computer and audio system, excellent advanced audio system sound quality, Twilight Blue exterior color, OnStar, decent fuel mileage.

Handling, great door slam, the standard safety features, heated side-view mirrors, simple climate control, lift-gate, comfortable seats with lumbar!

The sunroof, the way it drives, the feel of the 5 speed transmission, the high quality interior.

Overall satisfaction rating - 10! Bang for the buck quotient - 10! Fun for the money factor - 10! Getting 35 to 36 mpg when gas is $3.79 per gallon gotta love it rating - 10! Way to go, Saturn! We finally have a full feature compact GM car that can compete with the best in the world. 

The look, front and back the leather seats are nice, also the wheels 

Handling, interior design and materials, exterior shape, European feel.

Large sunroof, handling, easy to park, large rear door openings, European styling

Style is great and the heated seats and side mirrors are wonderful for winters in the mountains. 

The handling is tremendous and this thing makes one catlike move after another when driving around the local mountainous terrain. The car is sporty in every situation and as nimble as a cat. This is a drivers car and it a ton of fun to drive. The engine is smooth and provides adequate power. 

Windows roll down when you hold the unlock button on the remote. Auto-store feature on the radio makes for easy channel surfing on long trips. Trip computer with MPG calculator and external temp display.

Exterior / Interior quality. Mechanical performance. Solid feel on the road.

I like everything about this car, especially the gas mileage and the confort. I have to mention this one item that comes to mind. Every person that sits in the back seat can not believe how confortable it is.

Great looking in and out, the metalic paint is super and everything is laid out very well.

Gas mileage! It is a fuel sipper! Handling, you get that locked to the road feel. Excellent 5 speed manual shifting. Big glove box. Quality leather interior. OnStar Including turn by turn directions. Stylish good looks. Lots of safety features. 6 airbags, stability control, anti-lock

I have the 5M, it is so fun to drive and has tons of power w/ great control. Nice wheels came standard as well as all power features. Nice sound system, too.

Great manual stick shift. Quality interior. Gas mileage in town first tank 28 mpg. Superb styling. Functionality of the hatch back. Smooth engine with power to spare. Seat comfort (leather) Handling. Abundance of safety features. Stereo (upgrade 6 CD changer option) Onboard trip computer. OnStar

Too many to list. Standard equipment like the heated outside mirrors and rainsense wipers which go on for you by themselves

Economical but free revving engine well mated to the automatic. This points toward the 'sports' coupe of 2015 when agility trumps 0-60 as manufacturers work to meet the new CAFE. Interior comfort, room, fun to drive w/ a seat that holds you firmly. Really nice lines. OnStar w/ hands free phone!



Hatchback design allows room like a small SUV, but in a car. Seats are very supportive, 5-speed shifts easy, OnStar standard, 18" summer tires, Very sleek look.

The styling of the 2 door is unlike any other on the road. Interior is very European, I like that everything is power. Rain sensing wipers are super cool. Get the upgraded sound system, so worth it, the onboard computer gives tons of information.

Exterior design, driver information screen, and I love the sport seats.

My more basic XE model is exceedingly well equipped. The tilt & telescope wheel and multiple seat adjustments should allow anyone not listed in the Guiness Book to find a comfortable driving position. Still discovering new features.

Wasn't sure I'd like it ... but the heated seats are the bomb!

Look and feel; European features; 

The look and feel of the interior and exterior and the way it seems to just hug the road. Also has good pick up for a 4 cylinder, even in the automatic. Fun to drive, and it looks great in Salsa red.

Build quality and value. Fun to drive. I think the 3-door looks great. I'm 6'2" and there is plenty of head-room. 

Styling, Handling, Seating Comfort, Handling, Braking. OnStar turn by turn is also nice feature. 32 mpg hwy, 28 city :)

Sunroof(had to have it), manual trans, auto wipers, auto lights, etc, etc. Solid car.

Sun roof Handling Gas mileage Price

The interior appears really well made and I love the look of the console and dashboard. The stereo is excellent and sounds great! The glove compartment is huge! The 17" alloy wheels are my favorite features; they make it look sportier. I also love the hatchback and it has a lot of space. 

self-adjusting windshield wipers & the ease with which the Astra takes turns.

Secure handling with stability and traction control, good driver vision in all directions, excellent fit and finish, top-level interior and exterior styling, quiet cabin for a car its size, rain sense wipers, auto headlights, hi-fi audio in XR, flatfolding seats for hatchback flexibilty, good mpg. 

wheels and seats also 5 speed

Tight ride, large enough for a tall person, almost luxurious (Why can't Americans build a small luxury car that isn't too heavy or powerful?) Good daily driver, with room for four adults. A perfect car for me.

Handling. Fuel economy. Switchblade key. Standard rims. OnStar. Telescopic steering wheel and many seat adjustments. Winter driving mode. Auto lights and sensor wipers. Fog lights

Overall solidity, heated leather seats with serious bolsters, steering wheel controls for the radio and trip computer, handling and braking. Also, the OnStar w/ turn-by-turn navigation works as well as my Garmin system. The Salsa Red Paint makes me look at it longingly when I'm not driving.

I can't think of any extra feature that I would want that the Astra hatchback doesn't include, except convenient cup holders However I have never had a car with so many standard features.

After only 2500 miles of driving - Exterior styling is great, love the overall cockpit design, handles like a BMW, great cargo space, the exterior fit is amazingly clean, the "snow" drive feature in the automatic, once you get used to the controls - they make sense, nice ride!

Handling, economy, functionality, fun. sunroof, manual trans, and premium audio.

Sport tuning / suspension. Sleek European style. Standard tilt / scope steering. Standard rims. Huge cargo space (seats down, 2nd best in it's class). Best handling in its class (from what I test drove)

Suspension (and ride), acceleration (I have the 5 speed), control center, gadgets (heated seats, fuel consumption calculator, cruise, hatchback versatility, smooth clutch, build quality (it sounds solid when you slam the doors). Mileage is 31-33 so far in mixed city/highway driving.

Trunk space and teloscopic steering wheel.

Design - the car really is beautiful. Both the 5 door and 3 door. It made the Mazda 3 hatchback look like a toy. Handling - incredible, stability control and ABS are standard. Others: seats are very comfortable, the the dash looks cool and 6 air bags are standard

Great handling, nice feature set, auto sense wipers, DIC, and the absolute joy it is to drive. wind it up a little and watch it go! 

Telescoping wheel, onboard computer, auto headlights & wipers. Focus beam headlights (gives a great view of the road really nice in deer country!)

Rain sensing wipers, trip computer, great manual transmission, gas mileage. 

Rain-sensing wipers. Logical control layout.Solid-feeling shift linkage.Attractive European interior styling with great build quality. Lots of cargo space. Height-adjustable driver seat. 8 airbags. Avant-garde exterior styling. Willing engine with good acceleration. Info center is neat

How it drives like a dream. The look of the car. Great on gas! OnStar.

Fun to drive! I can't wait to get in it and go. Great seats. Safety features - airbags everywhere. The list of standard equipment is remarkable as well. The dealer put nitrogen in my tires; I feel like I'm driving a rally car every time I get inside. 

Great mileage. Awesome looks. Great handling. Heated seats. Steering wheel audio controls. Overhead sunglass storage. Heated mirrors. Tire pressure monitor system. Projector beam headlamps/foglamps. Excellent warranty. 

Fun to drive, good gas mileage

Handling

Nice interior design and european controls. It's great to see those items here in Canada.

Ingenious Driver information center (only techies like me will really appreciate it's simple brilliance), huge panoramic sunroof, Euro. styling, brake power/feel, handling/cornering, solid build, door weight

Exterior looks.

Board computer, 6 disc changer with MP3 playback (you can fit a ton of music on an mp3 cd). Great handling, seat warmers are toasty, awesome sunroof, plenty of cargo and a stylish body design

I absolutely love the automatic headlights and wipers. The onboard computer with the stereo upgrade is excellent. This car sticks to the road like glue. The seats are super supportive. The telescopic steering wheel. All of the safety features. 

The sunroof is huge! The instantaneous gas consumption helps maximize fuel economy. 

Trip computer, auto headlights and wipers, roomy cargo area.

Smart exterior styling, interior styling is Audi-like classy, handling, supple ride, MPG, handling, huge sunroof, hatchback, quick ratio steering

Super fuel mileage, 28 city 34-36 on road. Have 6800 miles on it & no problems at all. Great in snow & ice with traction control. Stability control is excellent in rain or quick maneuvers. Interior room is excellent & car has a very solid feel. Fit & finish is as good as you will find.

The seats that hug you and keep you firmly in it, Easy to operate driver control panel, Great looks, solid feel. Awsome gas milelage, superior handling. OnStar standard is a great value and a comfort for my loved ones. 

The short throw manual shifter. Cavernous storage available with the rear seats folded down. High quality interior moldings, logically placed controls and most of all - the 31 Avg MPG! (60% hwy 40% city)

About the best reason to buy this is the sporty handling and the good Saturn service.

The ride is incredible for a small car, and the handling, and the incredible brakes. The remote window rolldown thats so cool! 

Sport package (a must), cornering, acceleration, fuel economy, 5 head rests (front responsive), collapsable pedals, arm rest, interior space

Great handling, good visibility, rain-sensing wipers, rear reading lights, solid thunk when doors shut, hydraulic strut for hood, remote window opening feature

Ride and handling and driver involvement are its best features. The doors close with a solid "thud". Safety features abound for this price range. You will feel very secure inside. Road noise is generally well sequestered. OnStar, rain-sensing wipers, auto-headlights are unexpected pluses.

This car has plenty of pep with the 5 speed. The shifting is smooth and confident. I never miss a gear. The optional stereo is outstanding. The gas mileage is phenomenal! Mid 30's every tank in mixed city and highway driving. I like all of the safety features. The automatic lights and wipers.

Sporty design, superb handling, suspension, brakes and mpg. Comfortable heated cloth seats, and interior, 17" wheels and overall solid build. It's so much fun to drive that I'm stealing it from my son every chance I get. Feels like a more expensive sports car. May need to get one for myself.

Sunroof, manual trans, leather.

Sunroof, interior quality, handleing with stability track.

Black leather interior with lots of features. Handling is superb! High quality feel. Inexpensive car that looks a bit exclusive (in the 3 door anyways) as there are so few of them and it looks so sharp.

I love the looks, the handling, the tilt/telescoping steering column, the abundance of airbags (this car could probably float on all those airbags!), the on-board trip computer, the fuel economy (best tank of 34.1 MPG), and the seats hold you in tight. Average Rating: 9.4



Great style, handling and suspension. Huge sunroof, OnStar with hands-free calling. Rain-sense wipers and automatic headlamps.

Euro styling, handling, performance. Bang for the buck. Great MPG. The on board computer does instant MPG on the DIC as well as it gives you your averages. I drive 40 miles each way to work on the freeway and I hover around 28-31 mpg. OnStar is a nice touch and is included for 1 year (limited).

Rain sensing wipers! Holding the unlock button rolls down the windows from the outside. The premium package leather seats, steering wheel, interior accents can't be found on any other car under 20k. Owning the Astra gives you entry to a community of drivers who value quality and great styling.

Interior styling, leather seating, lumbar, 17" wheels, 2 panel sunroof, heated seats, tactial dashboard fabric, exterior design.

OnStar, exterior design, good handling

18 inch rims. Leather interior. Sporty exterior design. Great quality for the money.

Driving this car is so much fun. I actually want an excuse to drive it. I owned a 2000 Honda Prelude before this and didn't enjoy driving it as much as this. Though there are other cars with more horsepower out there, none can handle like the Astra. The engine is smooth, quiet and powerful enough.

"Opera" sound system, on-board computer gives me oodles of buttons to play with, no rattles, bangs or unidentified noises that annoy. It handles like a hungry weasel running down a porkchop (esp. around corners) and looks pretty spiffy doing it. It does not embarass me like a Matrix or Yaris would.

Solid door slams. OnStar for my peace of mind when the wife and daughters drive the car. European look and feel. On board computer display. The many standard options like CD, AC, ABS, airbags. Hidden roof top luggage rack connector. Overall the solid quality feel of the car totally won me over. 

The windshield wipers come on automatically when needed as do the head lights. Go figure.

Exterior, headlights. 

Gas mileage. Fun to drive. Safety features. Great handling. Slick 5 speed stick. Bang for the buck. Great sound system. Toys! Rain sensing windshield wipers. Outstanding trip computer. Finds and sets local radio stations on trips. OnStar navigation 

Build quality; made in Europe; sharp no-frills interior; firm seats for long drives; no tan interior option; few cup holders; safety rating; this OnStar thing... it's pretty cool. Finally, the sound of the engine makes when you ease off the pedal - only a European car can make that sound.

Good MPG, solid feel, good handling.

I also found you can buy aftermarket Astra parts from the european version under the Opel brand! They have some very cool stuff over there.

Great design extends to many small features, like a rubber seal over the gas cap, instrument/dash lights the turn on and dim off when the door is opened/closed. The ride is great! Very sporty on the turns. Love the computer feature that comes with upgraded stereo--must have!

Handling, mileage, quality of fit and materials, supportive leather seats. And it looks great!

Fun to drive, gas mileage.

Good looks. Very peppy. Rides nice. Plenty of legroom and headroom. Nice sounding stereo

Sunroof, suspension, seats, standard transmission (automatic felt really anemic)

Center display (though confusing)

5-speed manual transmission is easy to use and very smooth. Center console computer display. Solidly built with very minimal outside noise. Comfortable seats and all your controls are literally at your finger tips. Most value for the price when compared to Toyota Matrix or Mazda3.

Leather heated seating with lumbar, moonroof, onboard computer which is standard. Solid feel closing the doors and driving it. Fuel economy 

The fuel economy. The leather seats. The stereo. All of the safety features. The handling. The super cool looks. The exclusivity of owning an Astra. The fun factor! The luxury features at an economy price. Easy to park. The utility of a hatchback. The seating position and tilt/telescopic steering wheel. 

The windows roll down from the key fob, great here in Florida to cool down for a minute before I get in.

Great interior, head-turning exterior, adequate power, value for the money.

