

the stereo is great... the seats are comfortable ...the air A+ BRR very cold even for me..

Retractable hardtop is a blast. No leaks of any kind in the cabin or trunk. Really fun to drive. Love the turbo power. Interior is well-crafted, attractive and comfortable. Trunk space with top us is more than adequate for my needs, and actually not bad even with roof down. 



When this car is running properly it's a delight! Wonderful style and finishes. The retractable hard-top is way-cool.

The roof. the kids call it "the transformer." Always good value.

The roof is the show-stopper. I never cease to be amazed by the way it folds away so quickly and effortlessly. The stereo rocks, the seats are super-comfortable, and I love the dual zone temperature controls. Steering wheel controls are great, and the Direct Shift Gearbox unleashes 6-speed fun.

Sunroof and convertible

The top of course! That's why I bought it. The added bonus of the sun roof is priceless. Lack of drip caps come with the convertible territory. It's a trade off. This car gets the looks everywhere I go, especially with the top down. 

Hardtop convertible

Hard top convertible

Love the smooth drive with a sporty feel. Fun to drive. 

Hardtop convertible

hardtop right side gas tank makes it easy to get a spot in line.

hard top convertible



Sun roof, comfortable seats, transmission, quiet and powerful turbo, reliable roof operation, radio. Front- end steering control is excellent and the turning radius is tight. Braking is competent and quiet. Ride is fairly quiet with the top down. 



sunroof/convertible

Convertible hard top

sunroof

Hard Top, luxury features, reduced maintenance cycles (every 10,000) for oil changes, safety features

Love the 'Transformer' top. Smooth ride and smooth shifting.



putting top up or down, in dash 6 cd changer, DSG box, retractable side view mirrors, headlights that swivel on the curves

Everything

Body and look

It's all about the top. 

Convertible and sunroof combination with outstanding power and acceleration.

The hardtop convertible operation. Windows nudge up and down upon opening and closing the doors to prevent warping. Includes MP3 player connection. 

hardtop convertible; power; handling.

The convertible top.

The power and handling, the one-touch- 25-second retractable roof, the interior lighting, the upgraded wheels, the satellite radio, the screen that's placed in the back seat which provides virtually no wind when the top is down, the iPod adapter, the gas mileage (gets 32 mpg for me on the hwy).

Obviously the hardtop convertible its the best of both worlds and perfect for the gorgeous summer weather.

The hard top and get up and go of the car

Ultra smooth shifting in the automatic, the interior blue/red light scheme, all windows up/down with 1 button, 3 blink turn signal by tapping turn signal arm up or down, no slam trunk (just make contact, truck closes by itself), nagging wife/passenger eject button (just kidding)

The hard top convertible with moon roof too! Great sound system, the ipod adapter in the console. The quick ease of putting the top down.

Hard-top, Premium stereo- AWESOME! 

Hard-top convertible! All my friends love it.

Can have top off an not get blasted with air or wind noise, quick pick-up, purr of the turbo, style and options, the 'top' without question is up there with favorites. I can go on an on. 

The fold down roof is great and a huge trunk to boot!

Top operation, transmission, engine, interior, fuel economy. Simple, classic lines.

Quickness of the turbo; operation of the top; highway gas mileage; six-speed gearbox.

Retractible hard top. Sound system. Small size that makes parking easier.

Sun roof option with hard top convertible.

The roof, obviously, and the sound system. And I think the back seat is just for looks.

Sporty, retractable hardtop convertible.

The top, the turbo, and all the fun!

Are you kidding?? The engine, auto trans and the top. Without any doubt, this car delivers the goods.

