The most fun car to drive on the planet, double sunroof, hot chocolate (brown)paint and interior, double back doors. 

Dynamic Stgability control is amazing. I've executed 90 degree right turns at 40mph wihtout touching the brakes in rainy conditions!

I have all 4 packages on mine, but the feature that I like the most is the cold winter options from the heated seats to the heated windshield jets.

The look and feel of the car. It is a little rally car. The torgue boost is quite impressive. The cloth/leather seating is a great deal if you are building your own, as it includes color line and interior surface choice, usually running $500, so it is $500 over that. And it has Lumbar support.

Handling is great. Great looking car and with the rear barn doors has good storage/truck capacity. Back seats are big enough for normal sized passengers. Quality feel to the car inside and out.

Lounge leather seats that I would like to remove and keep for every vehicle I own next. Keyless entry and start. 10 speaker Stereo. 

Dual sunroofs give the cabin a airy feel, handling, fuel economy, sound of the turbo even at low rpms

Being able to customize the interior color scheme (red & black) to match the exterior. Everyone comments on the sporty look with the chrome foglights and black sport stripes. My neighbor says it suits me. Love the 31.6 mpg with plus gas - beats my BMW 330XI that got 20.9 mpg.

One button to open windows and sunroof. A/C works great. All controls are simple to use.

Gas mileage, character, interior design being unique, warranty.

Sirius satelite radio with 10 speakers, Bluetooth, Ipod interface, auto climate control, dual sunroof, cargo room with the rear seats up or down, hidden dashboard storage (you need to check it out), surprisingly powerful, great-sounding, small engine without the turbo, & digital cruise control.

The engine performance and smoothness are great. Get the run flats! Ignore comments about ride quality and noise with run flat tires. They are a safety item. Period. No car should be without them. Every time I see someone beside the road on a freeway, I think ?That will never be me.?

Good mileage (31mpg)

The rear doors: only people who do not actually drive this car complain about them "blocking the rear view", as the door jam becomes virtually invisible when you drive because it doesn't totally block anything.

Barn doors, split suicide door, "Rooster red" leather trim highlights inside door and dash, smooth drive, responsive, feels bigger inside than it looks from the outside. Cool car all around.

Quality of workmanship, driveability, performance. Just a quality driving machine that performs when you need it to.

My absolute fav feature is the ability to customize this car inside and out. "you-ify it" they call it. Additionally, the little touches are nice like the ambient light toggle. Get the multi function steering wheel and ipod/bluetooth - the convenience package is well worth it. 

Interior led "disco" lights set to your mood. Bluetooth phone on steering wheel. Huge sunroof. iPod connection. Brown leather seats with cream piping. All the attention I get.

Handling, size, way people look at it when you pass by.

My favorite features are the led lights all over the interior and the heated leather seats. I've always wanted some so I got some. Gotta have the sunroof for sure! It's way huge! Definitely gotta get the racing stripes on it so people know you mean business. 

The look and color, I chose night fire red, the comfort, just fun to drive.

Turning. Oh, and the mileage, luxury and fun. But really, the handling is awesome. Interior lighting is pleasant. I like the character of the interior layout. Ergonomics take a little getting used to, but I wouldn't change it.

Sport Suspension In-cabin electronics Exterior Design

Fun to drive, handling, interior quality, sunroof, push button start, style & looks, IPOD & bluetooth integration, MPG, 5 color ambient lighting, sport mode, bang for the buck, barn doors, 3rd door access to back seat

Love the performance to fuel milage ratio, 32 MPG average. Cool rear doors opening, duel sunroofs, and BMW quality through out. 

The sport package/S engine combo; slick 6 spd; the looks (lightning blue with silver C pillars); cool barn doors; helpful 3rd door; Double pane sunroof; the MINI experience, tough to describe unless you're an owner!

