Nav system is adequate, but the update disc's are very expensive. Love the leather, comfort and quietness of vehicle. 

With the leather package (which includes heated seats), automatic lights, 400W JBL stereo (which sounds great), Bluetooth phone hookup, and other bells and whistles, I feel very spoiled in the car. It's not Mercedes luxury, but then again, it's half the price of my parents' Mercedes.

Aside from the bells and whistles, comfortable drive and great fuel economy I'd have to say the safety features!

Very comfortable interior and excellent mpg. This car easily seats five people with room to spare (mpg does go down as you add more people & luggage--but it would do the same in any other loaded- down van or car). GPS/Nav system is OK; a Garmin may be better, but I like mine built-in to the dashboard

It just has more room in the back then most car's we looked at. 

Fuel economy in a big, safe, full featured car. Famous Toyota reliability. 

reliable and roomy

I do love the car. It's fast enough, comfortable, quiet, and handles well for a non-European car. I don't like the GPS as well as my husband's Garmin and didn't want one, but I wanted a Japan made car.

Gas mileage is my favorite feature. I like the styling of the car inside and out. The brakes are impressive!

Gas mileage, the exterior design.

Bluetooth, heated seats, nav, leather pkg, sound system, quiet ride, fuel efficiency, hybrid

The comfort and the basic options.

Aux jack and heated seats are great for cold mornings and not needing to bring a ton of cds on long trips.



Quiet, ride, mileage

Seamless transition back and forth from battery power to engine power. Navigation system, while not perfect, is very very nice.

MPG and getting the excellent rating. Leather and the nav are nice extras just have no clue how to use it.

Fuel economy. Constant feedback on fuel economy / driving habits. Integrated satellite radio, auxiliary jack, navigation system, CD changer, bluetooth. Good factory sound system. Smart key system. Comfortable. Quiet ride.

All of them!!!

Car switches to "electric" mode & recharges batteries automatically. Navi system is very helpful.

Handling, ride, interior and MPG (of course)

The heated seats save me about 1.5 mpg versus using engine heat when the outside temperature is above 30F. Driving interstates without cruise control saves about 2 mpg. Increase of 3 psi tire pressure above OM rec. saves 0.3 mpg. Drive on ECO setting always. No difference mpg with AC on or off.

The car is just fun to drive and we love the nav. system, JBL sound system, Bluetooth controls. 

Heated seats, moon roof, gauges and changeable display. The added torque of the electric motor with the 2.4 engine is very nice.

Gas mileage, power driver seat, good handling and very little road noise. 

Aside from the great gas mileage I love the leather seats, silver exterior color and ash interior color, homelink and the auto-dimming rearview mirror.

Everything.

Great gas mileage! Ride, nav is easy to use and understand, the sound system is great for stock. Leather seats are firm yet soft.

The car is extremely quiet. Its ride is very smooth. Most of all I love all the gadgets: built in bluetooth, all controls (phone, radio, climate control) available on steering wheel, etc.

The gas consumption screen does a great job at helping you figure out how to get the most output from your vehicle.

Computer, confortable drive.

Keyless entry and start, stereo with XM/CD and great sound system, navi, moonroof, heated seats and side mirrors, bluetooth and gas mileage rating at end of the trip. 

We love the quiet ride, the technology screens (I especially love the gas mileage rating when you conclude a trip!), the navigation system and the JBL sound system. The gas mileage is the best!

Great mileage, keyless entry and start, awesome stereo w/6 CD changer and MP3 hookup, moonroof, heated side mirrors (really nice feature there), fuel consumption gauge, outside thermometer, calculates mpg per trip and per tank

Hybrid, excellent gas mileage (37 avg) considering I'm no slouch on the gas pedal, roomy, comfortable, bluetooth, sound system; pretty much the whole car! It's fun to see if I can keep engine turned off in the city but NOT at the expense of angering the people behind me. Cruise control saves gas.

Navigation system easy to use, JBL stereo has great sound, avg mpg on first tank 34, 37-41 mpg avg thereafter, leather seats are heaven!

Smart Key, Bluetooth, stereo/XM, leg room!!

Styling, economy, 6 disc CD player4, and smooth transmission.

Throttle by wire, hybrid technology. The Camry hybrid really is a very sophisticated car. Mine has all the gadgets Toyota offers. Being a pilot, I find I enjoy reading all the manuals which offer a lot of detail about the Camry's features. 

JBL stereo, comfortable driving position, the silence of the electric motor driving at low speeds (I occaisionally turn the stereo down so I can appeciate the silence of the motor)

The hybrid synergy system, my first moonroof, smart key system, impressive gas mileage (approx 32-33MPG so far).

Blue tooth, smart key, electric air conditioning, the quiet roll out of the home and the silence at stop signs. Counting on the advanced filteration system to give me consistent clean air to breath. 

Back seat room. Body styling.

Hard to care about the favorite features when the most important feature is useless

Keyless entry and start, bluetooth built in, MPG gauge instead of RPMs. Extra safety features built into car. Great gas mileage. 

The stereo, navigation - now that I am getting used to it, the smoothness, the gas mileage, the quiet ride, the lack of a key to insert into the ignition - kids dig push button starts. Oh, and great visibility,

Nav system, sound system, good seats, drives well

Very quiet on the road. No wind noise. Very little road noise compared to previous Camry's. Ride is smooth even on bad highway pavements. Auto Sound Leveling produces powerful bass (sometimes too powerful) and adjusts sound to driving environment. I never need to touch my key with the Smart Key!

Overall quality, spaciousness, safety, bluetooth (works most seamlessly with an iPhone of the ones we have tried), very comfortable leather, autodim rearview mirror, energy monitoring system/eco rating. Loading a cd causes the navigation panel to rotate out, which is very cool :).

The car is preety much all electric. The air conditioning is electric as well as the power steering. It is great during a hot summer to sit with full A/C and the engine not running. We can leave the dog in the car with the A/C running at 65 degrees. The engine will start automatically if needed

jbl stereo, transmission, quietness, acceleration, silver paint, just about everything about it.

Eco drive evaluator when you power off the vehicle.

Smooth and quick. Comfortable power driver's seat. 



Bluetooth, quiet, nav system, electric starts, instant MPG feedback, keyless entry and locking, car is very smart - much smarter than me!

I love the Navigation, Bluetooth, heated seats, fuel effciency and steering wheel controls.

I love the navigation system. It's so much more than just navigation, too. I appreciate the audio screens and the information screens that show fuel economy, etc. The SmartKey system is awesome! Driving around in parking lots on the electric motor is very cool!

Luxury amenities, including Bluetooth phone, steering wheel controls, JBL sound, iPod input, heated seats. Quiet, stable ride, with plenty of acceleration. Fuel efficiency in a luxury package.



Stereo system is good, lots of cubby holes and compartments. Very comfortable seats!

The sunroof is QUIET when it's open! Every other car I've had with a sunroof I've had to max out the radio just to hear it. Seats are ridiculously comfortable (compared to my envoy). Smooth, quiet ride. Best of all, it's a Toyota!!! :)

The James Bond no key, pushbutton start, and silent drive off is too cool.

The nav system, integrated with the audio, bluetooth, and the hybrid info system is incredible. The smart key is really nice -- imagine never having to take your key or your "clicker" out of your pocket again. 

The smart key, the silent drives across the parking lot on electric motor mode, the fantastic sound system, the way I can be clearly understood on the hands free phone, the comfortable seats, the smooth ride, the climate control (dual zone), the gas mileage!

Handsfree bluetooth, keyless car, handle unlock and handle lock, excellent gas mileage, interior comfort, luxurious look, the controls on the steering wheel... I could go on and on.

Fuel economy, nav system, comfortable ride. 

