Inside styling, MP3 radio, interior lighting, stiff suspension, Hatchback utility, traction control actually works well on snow.

Steering, sound system, interior materials, comfortable seats, leather steering wheel and shifter, Exterior looks. steering wheel controls, spacious glove compartment

Dash lights, moon roof, manual shifting

Great handing, turning radius, trunk space is not huge but decent for a car this small. Overall just fun to drive. 

Bose speaker, moon roof, rain sensor, telescopic steering wheel adjustment,...

The trunk organizer is excellent for managing groceries. The audio controls on the steering wheel are great, esp when a teen passenger is attempting to control the audio! Really fun to drive and parking is a breeze.

Aux jack on base model! Nice design cues, have gotten compliments on my stock (clear) tail lights. Mazda has engine design to a science, which beats the Corolla and Civic hands-down. Nice handling carves corners. Glove box holds most 15" and 17" in laptops and locks. Auto-stick mode!

The turning radius on this car is incredible and even though it's just a 4 cylinder....it moves! The sound system is more than satisfactory and the interior does not look cheap.

Power, Mileage , features, Price , Handling , Looks - 

Exterior styling, responsive 2.3L engine, supportive seats, tight handling. Decisive, solid-feeling manual transmission. It's a high- content car for the price: DSC, Xenons, heated leather seats, Bose stereo, 6-CD in-dash, trip computer, compass in mirror, electronic climate control, much more. 

Handling, comfort, looks, versatility, fuel mileage.

Trendy style. Small compartment below arm rest.

Appearance, zippy ride

Acceleration, handling, luxurious interior features (like the audio controls on steering wheel, big glove box, and nice displays), unique looks, Aurora blue color, reliability and suspension that absorbs bumps. 

Styling, handling, power, 17" alloy wheels, steering wheel controls, MP3 player plug in.

The leather, the stylish interior, the sporty exterior, aux plug in, and some don't like the stiff suspension, but I like driving sports cars and it has a great sports car feel.

Handling, regular fuel, stabilty & traction control, anti-theft fuel cut off. Comfort and ride quality. Great bang for the buck. 



Handling, handling. Interior great fit and finish, nice illuminating colors on guage. Pretty good power. Auto stick. Value. This car is very comparable to cars that are 3-5k more.

Stylish inside and out. Handling is great! Power when you need it.

Looks neat, fun to drive, costs much less than other brands of simular size.

Homelink, 17 inch wheels

Engine/tranny combo.

Better-than-expected fuel economy.

Better-than-expected fuel economy.

Handling, 4 wheel disc brakes, braking, seat comfort, controls. Exterior styling. The manual mode in the automatic works great! Stereo sounds good.

Looks! Front seat comfort. Bose sound system. At volume level about 20 sound is fairly loud. Car is fairly silent on high speeds. Peppy to drive.

Handling, fuel economy, ergonomics, slick shifter, sporty looks, no driver-distracting options.

Controls on the steering wheel, deep glove box, the big trunk space. Fun to drive, iPod connection.

Zoom Zoom - Mazda picked the right logo!! Love the steering wheel operated stereo & cruise Handles fantastic. Very responsive. Plenty of head and leg room - I'm 6'2". Good power. Decent mileage, avg 27-28/MPG. Did I say it has great handling? Fun to drive!

Low the ground ride. Euro-tuned suspension. Smooth engine and great manual transmission. 

Outside styling and handling

I like the way it looks, the equipment panel setup and lights, sound system, seat comfort.

Handling, reliability, great value for the money.

Exterior styling. Ipod connection and sporty handling.

Comfort, performance and acceleration (both manual and auto), 17" wheels, road grip. Price! Cargo space and wide hatch opening so you can fit whatever you need to (like an entire office from IKEA). The styling, inside and out.

Great leather interior, plenty of options for the price. 

Interior materials, great engine, beautiful leather, Bose sound system is awesome! Aux jack hidden in arm rest! 

Great, great handling. Very comfortable and grippy seats. Very easy to drive and maneuver in city.

Fully adjustable seats, electroluminescent displays, steering wheel stereo controls, gorgeous paint color!

Build quality, features for under $20m. Sport handling and good power with manual since power really kicks in above 5m rpm. This is a real sports car. Auto volume of stereo to road. Love the hatch versatility, can put seats down and carry a big TV. Av. 26.81 cty/hwy mpg with good power.

the mp3 port in the center console

Handling, MPG I am getting between 27-31 mpg and only 3300 miles on the odo! So it will only get better! The exterior/interior styling, and the heated seats.

Great feedback from the steering, aux input and large glove compartment.

Moon roof!! Awesome stereo, cd changer, mp3 plug, roomy, smooth quiet ride puts my son to sleep on long drives. Awesome handling, super fast, responsive, sexy car!! This car makes driving fun. My 3 year old son calls it my drag car.

Aux input for media device, cruse, many airbags, great MPG, manumatic trans, great use of interior space, exterior and interior styling, 100% Japanese parts, good HP for 2.0 liter, PZEV engine actually cleans SOCAL air!

None

Handling, room, style, gas mileage, powerful a/c, mp3 inputs, etc.

I love the sportshift and the interior design.

Power. Roomy(im 6'2 230lb). Looks great.

Acceleration, handling. Moon roof and design.

From trunk space to the engine itself. I love all the gadgets the mazda3 offers, like stereo controls on the steering wheel, cruise control, stereo system, sports automatic stick shift and a lot more.

Styling, handling, smooth engine, crisp 5-speed shifting and very smooth clutch (good for newbies). Aux input jack on base model is a nice touch.

Body style, interior, handling, semi-manual shifting, A/C, aux input, glove box.



I love the entire car and would buy another one. The displays are more than adequate and logically placed. I have three young daughters and we all have enough leg room, etc. for even a drive across the state. I'm very happy with the sound system as well. 

Steering wheel controls, 2.3l engine.

Telescopic wheel with controls.

Handling. Handling. Handling. Handling. Peppiness and steering responsiveness. Excellent Interior, HUGE glove box and trunk. Powerful A/C for those texas-hot January days. :P

Handling.

Mp3 input gets used a lot. Dash layout and steering wheel controls all work well. Styling is dead on. Hatch space is big enough for a family of 4 to all go to the grocery. I like the sporty handling. That translates to harsh ride to some. If you are used to a Buick, you won't like this.

The interior build quality far surpasses all my other choices with the exception of the Accord and BMW. I can't believe I'm driving a sub $20K car. Also, I would highly recommend the manual transmission. The gearbox is so wonderfully refined that it feels German and the short-shifter is heaven.

Great handling, stylish, a lot of standard features, great 2.3L engine, excellent ergonomics and control layouts. Mazda put a lot of thought into this car.

The interior is great. The standard features are also. 

The GT trim (seats and door) for a more luxurious feel, Bose sound system, Xenon headlights that definitely light up the whole road, the utility and versatility of the cargo area, heated front seats, and the confidence that it has the same chassis as the Volvo with safety written all over it.



Handling and spunk from this little car. The car feels like it has more horsepower than it actually does. Interior fit and finish.

Handling. The Eagle RSAs are loud on non-blacktop highway roads, but still the car corners like a sports car. The steering is nicely weighted, and the car goes exactly where you want it to. Great turn radius as well. 

Solid Japanese build quality, tight steering, handling, steering wheel radio controls, gas mileage, front fascia, standard alloy wheels.

Turning radius, peppy engine, styling, luxury, stereo, gas mileage, and inside storage. Controls are instinctual and logical. 

Handling, comfortable seating, large glove and console storage space.

Sporty look, good features for the price.

Great acceleration for a 4-cylinder, handles great, looks good, great gas mileage, very practical.

The interior and exterior design look and feel great. Lots of good features for the price, and especially compared to competing models.

Handling, 5 speed trans, stereo, heated leather seats.

Looks with the air dam are the best. I have the Galaxy Gray. Love the hatch, too. Very peppy engine and smooth tranny. I love the leg room!! I am tall at 6'1" and I am not crowded at all!! Huge glove box.

The dash and the relaxing color of the lights on the dash in the evenings. I like the way it handles and is very fun to drive. 

Xenon lights (nice and bright), auto wipers, auto climate control. Handling is fantastic.

Dashboard lights. 6-CD dash loading. Moonroof protector gives a virtually silent ride. The leather seats are comfortable and very adjustable. Every passenger has a handle to hold on to, except the driver of course. Leather steering wheel feels really good. Cargo tray is a must in the back.

Integrated audio in the steering wheel, MP3 jack with extra power outlet, dash lighting, handling! 

I like the moon roof and 6 CD in dash sound system, also the instrumentation and lighting therein. The telescoping tilt wheel is a nice adjustment for varied driving positions. 

I love the instrument panel, the red is very nice. All the features are easy to use. Its acceleration and handling are great. Love the exterior design. I love this car.

Interior design. Sound system. Moon roof.

Handling, 17" wheels look nice, 18" Mazda Speed wheels look nicer, would like to up grade. Looks good on inside and out. Sound system(MP3 Plug In, Controls on steering wheel, Sun Roof, Good Head Room. Cheaper to maintain. "Poor Boy's Beamer"

The S Grand Touring options- Bose surround sound/6CS changer. The sporty look and 17" alloy rims. The heated leather seats and i-pod jack. Xenon lights are just plain cool and the rain sensing wipers are cooler.

The audio controls on the steering wheel are excellent, the stereo, auto wipers, and many others.

*Very intuitive and easy to operate manual/automatic system. *Very responsive handling/steering. *Very good acceleration from 0-30. *Nice sleek look, not to round. *Decent stock stereo 

Good acceleration on flat and dry surfaces. Excellent handling and cornering. Simple interior without the cheap look. Well placed instrument panel. Manual override. Very good styling. Sufficient storage in the trunk. ABS on all wheels. Standard 17" Alloy wheels and disc brakes on all four wheels. Ve

1) Fun to Drive! 2) Great Looks! 3) Cloth interior nice! 4) Radio Instruments are sleek 5) Handling is spectacular 6) Comfortable 7) Reliability great to this point 8) Steering Wheel very sport and feels good to grip 9) Standard Rims are nice looking 10) has a quality build feel to it

Aside from the fun of good grip, a manual transmission, and a free-reving engine, I really enjoy the heated seats: it's like having a back massager. I'm a big fan of the xenon headlights for safety, as well as the stability control. Interior is tasteful, and ergonomically efficient.

The cars has a very distinctive and powerful look to them. Its a design that has aged well. It handles and looks like a pricier car and the interior is very comfortable and stylish. The steering audio and cruise controls are very handy and add a touch of luxury. Good storage bins. A great value!!

Fast, handles great. Wants to be driven hard--lives up to it's reputation as a budget BMW. Surprisingly roomy interior. Nice rear seats. Bose stereo is good (not the best, but good). Overall package is way nicer than my previous Subaru Impreza Outback Sport.

European slick styling sporty look, front and rear light design. This car is beautiful and performs marvelously. Mazda truly put their hearts and soul in effort into this masterpiece car at an incredibly affordable price. Honda Civic, Toyota Corolla or Scion TC come close to this car. 

Heated leather seats. Cool auto lights on/off and wipers. Great Bose system

The best aspect is the style. I see my car and I almost can't believe how inexpensive it was. It appears and handles like a much more expensive car. The handling is sharp and the stereo w/the iPod adapter is also awesome. I recently drove an Accord and it confirmed that my car was the best choice!

Steering braking, cornering,hatchback & style. Consumer reports says it has been reliable.

Love the 6 disc changer and connection for my iPod. Like the hatchback and ability to put the seats down and fit all my gear. Golf clubs & skis

Feels like a V6 at take off and handles like a sport car. Suspension is exact and it feels great. Fun to drive car. MPG are high for the power it packs and a 14.5 tank gallon means longer periods between fillups. Best Bang for the Buck. 

Triptronic shifter, bottle holders in doors. Interior design is beautiful for such a low priced vehicle. Aux import and deep glove box.

Nimble handling and power to accelerate when you need it.

Sporty styling, nice interior, long list of options, gas mileage, performance, and value.

MP3 compatibility (great location). Dashboard lighting. Large hatch with seats flat (great for our three dogs). Large glovebox. Steering wheel controls. Sporty handling.

So many! Okay, the heated leather seats are a blessing right now in the cold Missouri mornings. The rain- sensing wipers make me smile. The five- speed manual is velvety smooth and supremely easy to use. Great headlights! And the looks, inside and out, I am really impressed all the way around

It's a 'put it in your back pocket' kind of car that grows not on you but with you. Super sound and reliable, I'm looking forward to actually keeping this car for quite a while. Oh yes, the amount for standard kit is quite impressive, and the overall car is an enduring design in saloon form.

Performance and styling. European styling inside and out make the car look like a lot more than a budget compact. The suspension is amazing and the engine is geared just right. There is virtually no lag when shifting unlike its competitors (Much better than the VW Jetta I test drove).

The ipod hook up. Still the power windows and doors

Steering controls, heated seats

Steering, handling, smoothness of drivetrain - fun, fun, fun! Drives like a car that costs $10k or more.

Sunroof, 6CD changer, aux input, passenger side fuel door, spoiler, engine power, piano black trim, steering wheel controls (had them on my 6 also, never will own a vehicle without them again)

Power, when I need this car to flank full speed ahead it rocks. No corolla or civic can move like this car. I know this cause I smoked both car's already and it was easy to do. 

Well thought out interior, supportive seats, room for 5, decent trunk for a small car. Love the steering wheel-mounted audio controls.

Performance & economy. Looks: distinctive-not everyone has one. Utility: 4 doors, hatch & fold down seats. Comfort: ride is firm but not harsh, seats are comfortable, interior is well thought out, controls are sensible, audio is good, The car is very quiet at speed except on rough pavement. 



Pickup, handling, wonderful A/C & heater, HUGE glove box and trunk. 

IPod integration, 2.0L 5spd manual, MPG! Good stock sound system.

Sticks to the road driving, rims and low profile tires. The contrast light beige interior with black dash. 

Steering, acceleration, makes you want to drive for fun.

Fun to drive. Good mileage. Looks great. 

Drivers car at bargain price. Good balance of performance, economy, fun and practicality. Engine feel. Overall very good value.

Bose sound, auto lights and wipers, adjustable headlights

Handling, 5AT, Headlights -- we live in the woods, Media interface - used with my GPSw/XM-WX, Trip computer -- helps me keep my speed down! I've always had basic vehicles -- I'm enjoying the (unnecessary) bells & whistles a lot.

Great looking interior and exterior. Very useful extra space with the hatch back. Good fuel economy for the fun. I have a trailer hitch installed

Controls on steering wheel. Also, the steering and handling.

Exterior styling, handling/agility, fuel mileage

The hatchback is roomy! I love that I can play my Itouch through the speakers. Auto wipers are a nice feature. And it ZOOM ZOOMS!!

Dash layout and lighting, steering wheel audio controls, handling, power, looks. Cupholders everywhere. Covered rear hatch has plenty of room. 60/40 folding back seats that an adult can actually sit in.

Transmission, body style.

Auxiliary jack, moonroof, radio controls on the steering wheel, plenty of cup holders.

The lights on the dash are really a nice touch. The standard wheels are nicer than some standard wheels on higher end cars. 

Moonroof, fog lamps, auto stick, outside air temp.

Looks, style, front seat comfort, Bose sound, power driver seat, peppy driving, 5spd AT, tilt & adjustable steering, rain sensing wipers, HID lamps, reasonable trunk space, 5" GPS screen. 

Driver comfort for a large guy is great. I can ride 5 hrs straight with no problem. With the seat folded down its got almost as much room in the back as my old Escape. I'm getting great mileage on my daily commute averaging 28-29 mpg. 

Seats - the comfortable seats sealed the deal (wow, those Rabbit seats were horrible); exterior styling; solid feel -- good zoom-zoom-to-price ratio; OK mileage; huge "glove" box; full complement of air bags/curtains

So many features come standard. I got the 6-disc CD and sunroof package for almost nothing but the fog lights, audio controls on the steering wheel, MP3 input, and 17 inch wheels all come standard. Very nice sporty interior too.

Use of cruise and radio on steering wheel. Sharp design of car.

Handling, looks, value.

17" wheels, great seats, overall styling

Sunroof, steering wheel controls, appearance and huge glovebox. Backseat is comfortable for me (6 feet and 230 lbs). Son loves it (12 yo).

Auto start, leather seats, auto windshield wipers, dash display... ZOOM-ZOOM

Handling, moonroof and the automatic transmission with manual shifting is a really nice system.

Height adjustment on drivers seat, tilt telescope wheel, DSC and TC, 6 disc stereo, quality of materials used.

Handling, amazing turning radius (no parking problems ever again!), acceleration, heated leather seats, auto wipers and xenon headlights, Bose system, decent mpg (~30), auto-dimming mirror w/ homelink, Metro grey - it looks much more expensive than it actually is.

iPod connection, better than expected fuel economy for the 2.3 L, great looks, copper red mica color, and passenger side fuel door (really helps at the one-way-in one-way-out places where cars line up on the right side of the pump and leave the left side open)

I love the interior styling - the controls were well thought out and the ergonomics are outstanding. We got the in-dash 6-cd changer and moon roof. Highly recommended. 

Looks, drive, MPG

Interior illumination, one touch moonroof, awesome 6 disc sound with aux. input, steering feel, carves corners, exceptional handling, 5 speed linkage is seamless, fog lights, 17" wheels. Reminds me a lot of the new BMW 1-series



Supportive leather seats with heaters, power control on the drivers side, and power recliner. The Bose sound system with Sirius is excellent. The overall appearance of the car is very pleasing and solid. The extremely high level of equipment for the price is what I really like overall.

Handling, comfortable ride, looks, leather, rain sensing wiper, auto head light, fuel economy, seats, Bose system.



The automatic 5-speed with manual mode is wonderful, even in regular mode it shifts smoothly and downshifts for corners.

The triptronic transmission, stability control. The looks. 2.3 engine.

Moon roof, 6 disc changer, I am 6'6" and there are still room in the back seat. Telescoping steering column. And it handles like a sports car.

High quality materials, looks very rich inside compared to more expensive Hondas. Eager engine, projector headlights, enormous standard feature list that you'd pay thousands more for on other cars. 



Handling, speed, comfort, looks, mpg

The leather steering wheel and heated leather seats. The iPod aux. jack & power outlet in the center console. The decent stock stereo with steering wheel controls. The xenon auto headlights & auto wipers. The excellent gas mileage. The nice stock wheels & tires. It looks expensive!

The power windows and locks. The controls on the steering wheel and the sportmatic, even though I dont know how to use the manual side. The adjustable seat height.

Stereo, performance, auto wipers/headlights.

The iPod jack, moonroof, leather wrapped wheel and gear shift, wheel-mounted audio controls, foglights, lumbar supportive seats, telescoping wheel, visibility, alloys.



Good factory sound system, dash lights, big trunk, stereo/cruise controls on steering wheel, exterior has an excellent look.

Everything... sunroof, stereo controls on steering wheel, storage compartments and cargo space. My three teenagers can sit in the back seat and are not crammed in.

