Excellent handling. Comfy seats. Nice Nav system w/excellent sound system. I've gotten over 25mpg when driven with a gentle foot.

The best navigation system.

comfy seats with numerous positions, sound system, secure environment of the vehicle, bluetooth that rings through the speakers in the car

Phone book, bluetooth, stereo, driveability.

Amenities available for the price, performance, safety.

Navigation, XM radio, power, seating comfort.

Handling, size, reliability, comfort, great Michelin tires.

Good handling, lots of high tech goodies. Xenon headlights. Memory settings linked to each key. Sound system is one of the best I've heard.

Excellent AWD - is great in the snow. I use the power tailgate more than I thought I would. 

Handling, design, SH-AWD, seats, Technology package, space, 300 HP engine with a good torque.

Ride and handling, front and second seat comfort, rear lift gate, fold flat seats, bluetooth and voice activated nav.

nav system, AWD, and its great looks.

Interior comfort, smooth ride. It's a solid car! 

Nav; SH-AWD; stereo system is fantastic; DVD system allows backseaters, with headphones, to listen to XM, radio, CD on different channel than front seat people; power, especially low-end torque; voice-activated bluetooth, climate control, and nav (incredible). 

Excellent ability to customize preferences, such as when the doors automatically unlock. Great gas mileage (for an SUV, its not a Prius). Very comfortable. Handling .Navigation computes route very quickly. I don't have to find my cell phone to answer my phone (bluetooth finds it buried in my purse).

Navigation is awesome and couldn't be easier to use. Very intuitive. Rear camera is nice, not very useful though. Huge room when 3rd row seat isn't beind used.

Handling, style, comfort, good room and comfort in back seats. DVD player with head phones for happy kids on a long haul.

Engine is smooth and powerful. Fit and finish is excellent. Lots of interior room. Aggressive exterior design, especially with exterior accessories. Navigation system is the best. ELS audio system is powerful and crystal clear.

Interior comfort, navigation, chrome wheels. Like the 2007/2008 Acura exterior. 

Dashboard and dual power seats.

HandsFree Link, backup camera, voice activated navigation.

Handling is smooth. Reverse camera. Navigator is easy to use. Reverse light is great, wide front light.

Excellent handling SH-AWD.

Smooth ride.

Solid overall features, backup camera and nav.

Bought for nav and am not disappointed. 



The transmission is exceptionally good. The shifts are very fast. It's as if it can read my mind; always in the right gear. Sound system is great. When you push the MDX and the trans downshifts, the sound from the exhaust is very satisfying. 

Exterior styling, comfortable interior, navigation system, XM radio.

Blue tooth, nav, central control console, power tailgate, 3rd row seat. Interior cosmetic.

Technology package with power lift gate

Sport ride, excellent comfort level with potential seating for 7, roomy & very luxurious interiors, navigation, ELS sound system, bluetooth, all the controls on driving wheel. Cornering's great for this size of vehicle, braking is respectable. A great luxury SUV!

Voice commands, nav, BT, dashboard, looks and value. Competitors cost $10K more for similar features. 

Voice control for many operations. Works great.

Bluetooth is great. Nav system great, although like the TL touch screen better. Seats are very comfortable. SH-AWD, SPORT MODE DRC; Michelin tires are lovely. Self-leveling headlights; auto on/off lights. Backup camera; power liftgate great; resale value; 7 passenger seating. Reliability.

I still love the comfort and handling balance. The seats and driving position are outstanding. This vehicle is easy and enjoyable to drive. The headlights are fantastic too. I am pleased with my mileage. It was worse when I first had it but I average 19.5 which is quite good for an SUV this size.

SH-AWD, smooth handling all-wheel drive this what makes it fun to drive.

Size. Dual power seats. Navi system. Power. XM radio. Fit and finish. Info display. Overall package.



With its powerful 300 hp engine, the pickup is smooth and fast. All the features on this car are great. Entertainment, Bluetooth phone, power tailgate, AWD, and navigation.

Styling, interior, blue dim lights, sound system, power.

Favorite features include handling/performance, luxurious interior, cargo space, high safety ratings (feature very significant when choosing family vehicle), options available at reasonable price considering the competition, premium audio system-10 speaker, over 400 watts surround sound-amazing sound

Suggested Improvements

Bluetooth, navigation, interior design, and quality. 

Blue tooth, voice recognition, real time traffic, satellite radio, sound system, Xenon lamps etc. etc. Just love this vehicle.

Add keyless start system.

Appearance, engine performance, SHawd, comfort, 2nd row heater seats, 10 spkr acura/ELS surround sound

Overall, a good car with excellent power and acceleration for a car this size.

All electronics - bluetooth, radio, nav system, voice commands, and great seats!

Cargo space. Exterior looks.

SH-AWD, GPS, handling is awesome, engine and suspension are all great

DVD disc-slot and controls in the center console. Fold-away third row seats. Wide body and enough cargo space for wide items. Navigation system.

Navigation, stereo, comfortable seats, and power

The technology package, the interior & exterior design, the stereo, the voice activated commands. It has a lot of convenient features too. I really love the way the car looks, I even love the grill, it's so sleek & bossy. It looks innovative & creative on the road. Resale value, slow depreciation

navigation, comfort seats, sound system, handling

Included standard features as compared to other luxury SUVs. Excellent handling and comfort. Great sound system. Really like the 300hp engine and smooth acceleration. Nice amount of cargo space. Fun to drive!

I love the interior.

The entire technology package and the voice commands. I love the cockpit design of the interior and the innovativeness of the exterior. It's exciting. Technically I feel I?m in the 21st century driving this car. Projected resale value & reliability ratings. The good comments received. 

300 hp engine, great handling for a larger vehicle, plenty of room inside, xm radio. Comfortable seats.

Super Handling AWD

Sports sedan-like handling. SH-AWD works seamlessly. Very supportive seats. Great comfort for passengers. Good cargo space. My combined city/highway fuel economy is better than expected: 18.6 mpg. Not bad for this class of SUVs. 

Navigation system, which I truly expected to dislike, my husband's Toyota Tundra's navigation is a nightmare. Also love the beauty of the interior.

Comfortable drive, big engine, powerful.

Ability to lower the windows from the key fob. Vehicle handles well. Does not have the features a vehicle north of $40 should have like the CX-9. For the same price the CX-9 gives you Nav, lane departure warning, power lift gate, push button start, better mileage on regular gas, 20" wheels, etc...

SH-AWD, navigation, stereo, rear-view camera, memory seats linked to each key. Comfortable seating in the 1st two rows. Thought a power tailgate would be superfluous but it's actually pretty convenient. Interior lighting at night is pretty cool. Also like the 3 LATCH connectors in the 2nd row.

Quiet ride, extra room, feels like I'm driving a TL.

Blue tooth is great. No more earpieces that fall off your ear. SH-AWD is awesome in the corners. Lot of interior room. I never thought I would use the nav, but it did come in handy. Very easy to use. And the backup cam is great. Comes on quickly, very large screen.

Great Bluetooth & navigation system. Super comfortable seats, great acceleration, fun to drive. 

Exterior styling, solid feel, grips road well in curves.

Bluetooth. Hands Free Link. 3 zone A/C temp controls. Ride and handling are outstanding for an SUV

Very stable and quiet at high speed. Very comfortable seats for four. Audio controls on the steering wheel are nice. The back up camera is important -- I don't know how you could do without this -- either a factory unit or an after market unit, as view out the back is poor. 

Nav, EDC

XM radio. Moonroof. Other than the intial knock, the trans shifts well. Engine is flawless. Functionality of all the features work perfect. Heated seats. Blue tooth. Memory features. Exterior looks sharp. IPhone plays thru the radio speakers. Side mirrors adjust down when backing up.

Feels like you're going much slower than you actually are. Engine is loafing at 80 mph.

Active suspension. Nav. Seating comfort. 3 zone climate control. GPS. 

Handling and engine/powertrain

Customized seating and controls per driver, great navigation system, bluetooth is great, entertainment system is great with very intelligent controls from the front or from the remote control in the rear. Takes corners and bumps VERY well. Love the fact that not many people have them where I live.

Interior electronics, aggressive front and stylish side and back exterior, soft leather seats, superb AWD handling

Love the navigation, XM and general feel of the car.

Quality, features, handling. Nice engine sound above 4000 rpm. Great resale history.

The all-wheel drive ability to transfer power side-to-side instead of just forward-to-rear; build quality; overall ride; styling; comfort; convenience features.

Powerful engine, sweet exhaust note, AWD, DVD entertainment system, navi, basically everything. One really cool feature you should note is you can open and close the rear door either automatically or with the buttons - that is a really nice touch if you want to close/open the door more quickly.

Nav, bluetooth, quite but great highway performance. DVD-A quality audio.

Driver controls set up. Great navigation system. Fun to drive. Like driving it better than my Audi A4 Cabriolet. Bluetooth hands free phone.

Safety features. All 5 passenger seats have latch and achor system. Handling, interior and headlights.

XM radio, tons of room, smooth ride.

Auto-open windows/sunroof, bluetooth, comfortable seats, quiet ride & handling, extremely bright headlights, multiple power outlets.

Fun to drive! The nav is excellent and the backup camera is one of the best -- others were so small, but this one gives a great view.

DVD-audio and class leading HP in v6 guise

3rd row back seat, joystick navigation, body style, roomier interior, super comfortable seats, telescoping steering wheel, much better voice recognition with the hands free phone system - just talk softly when setting up

Handling! Comfortable cabin for a tall guy. Service costs dont empty our pockets. Electronic features are user friendly, ex. voice activation actually works and personalized settings. 

Engine - feels quicker than competitor V-8s. Gas mileage - 21 hwy/18 city. AWD - I don't really "off-road" but MDX is perfect for light-duty (hunting with dirt roads and ski trips) adequate clearance, no fear of getting stuck. Tech package is a must. Great storage, smooth ride. TROUBLE FREE!!!

Active suspension makes it a pleasure to drive. User friendly nav system. Standard configuration including so many features considered extras on other cars/ makers. 

The features for the price, the styling (especially that distinctive grille), and the sports car driveability. I especially love those plush, comfortable seats.

dvd, navigation.

Drivability period!! Very fun and responsive to drive. Great stereo and navigation system. Great visibility, the rear camera is very good quality and operates very quickly when put in reverse. Headlights make it extremely easy to see at night, very definitive allocation of light where you need it

Exterior and interior design. Safety ratings and car safety record. Handling is impressive. Powerful engine. Nav system. Handsfree link.

Beautiful interior styling, excellent ergonomics, pleny of cargo space, SH-AWD, 300hp engine, the base model has everything you could want or need, fun to drive.

Design & quality. Power rear gate, bluetooth and MP3 stereo

gadgets plentiful

GPS, sport handling, heated seats, auto hatch lift, overall feel on the road

Ride and handling balance, the seats comfort and position. The memory settings are my most favorite feature, the headlights have great forward and side distance illumination, I love the pearl color paint.

I'd have to say the fold-flat third row is very nice. So is the handling abilities that are like a sports car.

voice commands!

Bluetooth, dimmer, 8-way seat adjustment.

Engine, sound system and road hugging performance.

SH-AWD, voice recognition nav system, 2nd-row heated seat, power tailgate, HID, 300 V6 engine, ride quality, XM radio/traffic, rear view camera, interior design.

