Reliability, MILEAGE, comfort, top value for the money. AFFORDABLE service (less than $50 for 30k service, vs. almost $600 for my Impreza!!!) Steel timing chain. Regular gas. Best options: ABS, curtain/side airbags.

Sun roof, cruise control, gas mileage, cold AC.

Gas mileage, spacious interior, easy to maneuver, brightly lit controls, love how the lights are always on (no need to turn them on at night... all automatic), great stereo, split fold down of rear seats.

sunroof, color, space, sporty look, comfy seats

Ease of handling, quiet ride, gas mileage, roomy.

Exterior styling, Interior quality materials, White face gauges, Sunroof, Spoiler, Ground effects, Smooth ride

VSA, Side air curtains, great gas mileage. My over all avg for 21k miles is 35mpg with 70% short trips.

The only positive I have for this car is the gas mileage.

The sporty look. 

Gas mileage and fast acceleration.

Love the tilt steering wheel, the radio knobs are at eye level. love the cd player and the sound. The seating is comfortable. The trunk is huge for this car. My family of four (2 teenagers) ride comfortably.



Engine, transmission, drivetrain, appearance!

Nice inside appointments, roomy, clutch plays well, many speeds wipers and interior lighting. All within easy reach. I am 6 foot 200 and I find it roomy. Easy to change oil filter vs the Nissan equivalent which has the filter bet the engine and the firewall out of reach without a lift. 

My favorite is the stereo system. The sound is amazing. Also the controls are where I like them. Comfortable to reach and use. It's easy to fall asleep in this car, even when it is moving down the road.

Everything. 

Mileage, build quality & design, willing & smooth engine, quiet ride and cabin. Love outside thermometer & gauges.

Lots of room inside. Oil changes at 5000 miles. Front and back bumper should be harder quality material, not plastic. One little bump and it crumbles.

Cruise control, excellent fuel economy, stability control, good leg room & trunk space, day time running lights.

Legendary safety, reliability and mileage of a Corolla

Color - Speedway Blue is great. Cruise control and power windows. Fog lights help for safety. Gas mileage is good, too, between 35-45.

White gauges, sunroof and GAS MILEAGE!

I love the style, and the fuel economy. Keep the RPM below 3k and you will see what I mean. It is fully loaded with everything I wanted in a 'sporty' car. Keep the tires at 40lbs in front and 38 in back for better mpg. Reliability is on par with the best in this class. 

Auto lights.

Spacious with more leg room.

Six CD changer. MPG. 

Gas mileage. Trunk space. 5K engine oil changes. 



Gas mileage, about 26 city.

Reliable and very economical, I just went 1540.00 Ks on 91 liters of gas, what more would you want.

Great size, easy to park in Manhattan.

This is a reliable, low maintenance vehicle and the MPG are 2nd to none! I love the look and it's a comfortable car for the 17 hr drive I do twice a year.

Gas mileage! Gas mileage! Gas mileage!

Excellent driving position and visibility. Great fuel economy (36+ mpg so far). Roomy interior and cavernous trunk with fold down rear seats.

Lots of standard features in base model: AC, CD, power locks and windows, cruise control, and lots of storage internally. The 35 mpg is the best feature but it's also remarkably comfortable for such a "small car". It drives like something that will last.

Gas mileage close enough to the hybrid, but with significantly more engine power. "S" model is attractive enough, without the sports car price or the potential for speeding tickets. Also love the Corolla's reliability.

Great fuel mileage, sharp looking vehicle. The S looks best in white (what I have).

Mileage comes first. Comfortable seating and plenty of legroom make long rides a breeze. 

"S" styling, power moonroof, great headlights,smooth engine, safety features, great brakes, very quiet interior, largest trunk of this class, has the feel of a well made car.

Metal timing belt.

The interior looks very nice and is very spacious. It seems like driving a much bigger car than it actually is! Fun to drive. Great fuel economy on the highway.

Quiet ride, good handling, big trunk, solid quality feel.

Seat adjustments, tilt steering, console, road height, solidity, engine.

Gas mileage is number one! Surprisingly roomy interior for a car in its class. My wife likes the adjustable height on the driver seat. Power windows and a roomy trunk. Also like the outside temperature gauge.

Black interior. White gauge illumination. Factory spoiler. Factory wing. Factory rims. Racing wheel/suspension.

Sunroof, ABS, side curtain air bags, smooth ride and gas mileage.

Exception headlight illumination for night driving. Comfortable seats. Quiet interior at highway speeds. Highway performance in general.

Good gas mileage, good headlights, comfortable ride, pleasant interior

The economy on fuel

Gas mileage, the interior is really nice. 

1.8 liter VVI engine, very quite for a four cylinder. The manual transmission; gives the driver better control over the available horsepower. Also, it is very easy to shift. I really like the conservative styling (this is the last year for this style).

Nothing really impressed me except the gas mileage.

Fuel economy, smooth ride and built with quality.

Gas milEage. I'm going to save a bundle on gas. Also the interior is really nice.

ABS/EBD, side curtain airbags for rear (I have 2 young kids) doors closing sound like a luxury car.

My S type has the power roof, which I like, the body kit and spoiler, which I like, and of course I've been sold on Toyota quality for most of my adult life.

For a such a small car, the Corolla is quiet, gets very good gas mileage and is competent on the road. Its fun to drive. The manual transmission is easy to shift. The seats are very comfortable for us.

The sound of the doors closing rival those of expensive cars, acceleration and automatic transmission shifting is really smooth when compared to my 2001 civic. 

Clean styling, super gas mileage, great headlights, comfortable seating, quiet little sedan. It is a tight little package for an economy car, and a super buy.

Electric mirrors, outside temperature gauge, lots of storage compartments everywhere.

Well though out controls, reliability and gas mileage.

Power steering, vvti engine, air conditioner, passenger space, brakes, (ABS and EBD).

