Sliding back seat, handling.

onstar and hands free calling, adjustable rear seat, room to put stuff, driver information center, handeling

 Interior room and seating

Huge rear seat legroom. Fun to drive. Looks good. I think it's very well built.



XM radio! There is something for everyone on XM. Also the space in the vehicle you can move so much in there.

264 hp auto/manual engine, DVD entertainment system, XM radio CD player & speaker system, OnStar, paint & wheels, tow package, sliding rear seat, factory remote start, driver info computer, roof rack, dash apperance and layout, heated seats, upholstery material and color, safety features.

Moving back seat, lot of leg room, ride is smooth.

XM Radio; good gas mileage; comfortable ride. Sight and sound package (stereo upgrade and sunroof)

Pontiac grille, performance, ride, handling, AUX input jack, and my favorite: The beautiful two-tone interior (black and tan). The driver information center, with trip computer is nice. Being able to check my exact tire pressure from inside the car, while driving. Great gas mileage too!

Mileage for an SUV is very good. Tows up to 3500 lbs, much more than other crossovers. Smooth ride. Handles like a car, not a truck.



Looks expensive though it's affordable, a SUV that handles like a fun car, 27 mpg, comfortable seats and plenty of back seat room, 0-60 in 5 seconds, pretty teal color, space for my purse next to the driver's seat, great sound system.

Car looks great; mines a dark red, looks classy. Interior comfortable and stylish. Plenty of room, wife likes the grocery net in the back, place for her purse under the center console. Reclining back seat and leg room awesome for an SUV of this size.



Spare tire is in the car, not hung under the chassis like my Santa Fe. Power is more than adequate. Fore and aft back seat adjustment is great. Onboard diagnostics alert me to problems. The car send me monthly e- mail reports on critical system status.

Excellent power for passing and getting in and out of traffic. Good handling vehicle. Movable back seat has been handy, especially with Child's seat in the back. Even though the controls are different I'm liking them. Good heating and ventilation. On star is handy and XM radio is enjoyable.

onstar, color,

nice looking

HFV6 & 6 speed auto & great handling



Dash layout, room and space, no middle hump in the back sliding back seat. Great ride and handling.

My favorite thing about my Torrent would be the room that it has. There is so much room in it. I also love that I have room for my purse right next to me instead of putting it in the back or on the floor. 

Radio is terrific and XM fun. OnStar a nice backup insurance. Big load capacity. Golf clubs, carts, everything else, still roomy. And my favorite: 5 year warranty

Stereo system, remote start, road handling.

Inrerior lay out, red lighting on gages and switches, great standard radio/cd, comfortable seats, cargo space/sliding rear seat, handling, braking and ride quality, exterior styling and overall quality of materials/fit and finish

 The Torrent drives like a car and it has a purse holder. Beautiful to look at, too.

Steering wheel radio controls, heated seats, remote start, sliding rear seat

Interior space efficiency. XM radio is very entertaining on long trips. OnStar turn by turn navigation an unexpected plus. Fuel economy ranges from 21 to 26. Have touched 30 mpg for long highway stretches at 60 mph. Very satisfied. Towing package includes great wiring connector.

The roominess of the back seat area. 

