Cool styling, Lots of cupholders, dash buttons are easy to read, roomy, reliable

Good fuel economy for a V-6, smooth and powerful engine, bose audio, comfortable seats good for long drives, quiet interior, feels solid and stable on highway.

V6 CVT Handling Styling far better than Honda Accord or Camry. Keyless entry and proximity sensor. Leg room and passenger space. Large trunk

Yes, of course; the styling is stunning and alot of people eye ball my flaming red car as I drive by, my ego trip. Very fond of the CVT transmission and the 4 cylinder engine is really peppy get at least 30mpg on freeway but only 16mpg in the city (kind of disappointed with that). 

I love the CVT transmission,no feel gear shifts. I especially love the keyless entry and push button start. I love not having to dig in my purse for the key.

Good gas mileage with all that power. You need to pass someone quickly - no problem. Quiet engine. Superb Bose sound system. Problem free. Key Fob nice BUT I'm blowing through batteries in both units every month. I'd buy this car again and recommend it based on my experience.

Gas mileage close to 28 MPG (lots of stop & go city driving), great style and peppy performance, quiet and smooth ride, very nice sound system with deep bass, smart key feature with key-less ignition and entry is my favorite part of the car and something that I will greatly miss when i trade it in

Keyless Entry, Push Button Start, Can't lock the key in the vehicle or trunk, smooth ride, Very Spacious, Multiple ChildSeat Restraint Hooks

Keyless entry, is awesome love push button trunck.

sun roof,push start sensored entry,stereo,sleek body,

The CVT is awesome. The nav system is intuitive, and NavTraffic has saved me twice. Interior materials are of high quality, and dials/buttons feel great. Intelligent key is great, and no less secure than the "old way". Oddly large glove compartment (6.5"Hx11.5"Wx16.5"D = my 17.1" Dell laptop fits)!

CVT, push button start, keyless entry, fuel economy.

Gas mileage

CVT, drive train, Bose sound and navi system, overall cabin design as well as exterior design and suspension.

Keyless ignition, telescoping steering column, smooth drivetrain in a 4 cylinder car 

The body. The smooth ride. Push button. There is this feature that I call Lock your keys in the car proof. I have only locked my keys in the car once and that is because I locked the car with my husband's keys but if I would have left them in the car I would not have been able to lock

Appearance

Keyless ignition, the way the car looks from behind with the spaceship tail lights. The smooth fast way it drives. 

Never been much of a stereo person but the Bose system rocks. Don't know how I ever lived without Bluetooth and keyless feature before, I will never be able to go back to living without. Good gas mileage, If only highway you can average 32-35, I just sit in a lot of traffic. CVT is a wonderful thing

Sleek outside styling & great gas mileage.

Push start, Intelligent Key, Bose system, leather interior (very classy!), rearview dimming mirror, sunroof (very nice!), steering wheel with all the fun buttons, my lights... everything

The beautifully tapered trunk and overall exterior styling, driver's seat, powerful smooth 4-cylinder Nissan engine. Fit and finish is superb. 

Maybe the looks.

CVT is awesome, so smooth you forget how fast you are going!! Bluetooth is great, I talk on the phone a lot. 5 star safety ratings all across the boards is nice! Everything!

The V6 engine and the 6speed M transmission are my favorite features.

The 3.5 SE comes with sport tuned suspension and 17" wheels, add on Prem and Tech and you've got everything! Push button start, keyless entry, leather, back-up camera, sunroof, iPod aux, dark slate color, nav, XM, smooth ride, powerful V6 (ready on a dime), decent gas mileage for a hefty engine!

Push button ignition. combination of CVT/Manual transmission. Exterior style. Excellent gas mileage (way better than Honda Accord and Toyota Camary in daily driving. Plenty of trunk space and driver head/leg room. 

CVT, powerful and quiet AC, handling. The way the car all seems just right and natural. The incredible mileage. If you drive it conservatively you'll be amazed. (If I can believe the onboard mileage computer)

Push button start, quiet ride, fun to drive, great looking, dual exhausts, decent radio.

CVT (favorite feature and wasn't expecting to even notice), push button keyless start (keep key in pocket), acceleration, gas mileage, fun to drive, cool looks, comfortable seats, nice interior, lots of extras compared to Accord and Camry (dual exhaust, cvt, push button start) 

The SL package ? I?m quickly getting used to niceties such as leather seats, moonroof, and the keyless start. And the dual climate control is my wife?s favorite feature. With the gas mileage and an 18-gallon tank, the range is approaching 500 miles. 

Keyless functions. Quiet and smooth ride. Feels solid. Excellent A/C. Excellent controls. Great room (front seats). Superb styling. Safety features are top-notch. Tires are exceptional. Live MPG display encourages better driving habits as it's almost a game with me to see how I can max the mileage!

CVT and gas mileage (28.9 on mix of city and highway. Styling is really sharp.

Comfort, CVT

Acceleration and handling are my favorite features of the car. Also interior design and layout.

Style, leather seats, heated seats, moon roof.

Love the trip computer on mileage, temp, maintenance. Love the dash lights color (orange), love the aux port for iPod and XM radio. Comfortable, Nice seats. Love it all!

Exterior design, pricing.

Keyless entry. Push button start.

Bose stereo, XM satellite, push start ignition, key fob, bluetooth, everything is right on the steering wheel, dual zone air/heat, the color of the azure blue, and I love love love the look of the car!!!

Push button start is amazing. CVT is also amazing and the gas mileage is actually a little better than advertised. I don't do much city driving, but I've been averaging 34-35 mpg on the highway (with AC on). Stock stereo is pretty decent as well. Glove box is huge.

Looks - gorgeous inside and out, CVT - smooth transmission, gas mileage (30 mpg in city, 34 mpg highway), power - can pass on the highway with ease, comfort - fits like a glove

Keyless ignition, on-door button entry/truck release, sunroof, easy to read gauges, aux input, auto up/down driver/passenger front windows, front/rear stabilizer bars, 5 star crash ratings.

Quietness. Spacious interior. Bose stereo. MPG with all that power. HID headlights. Heated seats. Climate control system. No problems requiring a return to the dealer.

Intellegent key, push to start ignition, Xtronic CVT, side curtain airbags, and cruise cntrl.

CVT, sound system, new headlights, trunk space, MP3 jack, MPG, new design, just everything about this car!

CVT. 28 mpg with mostly city/suburban driving. Exterior wow factor. Sporty look/ride. Comfortable ride. Huge trunk.

Acceleration; styling; keyless ignition;fun to drive; huge trunk and great mileage.

I love the interior and exterior styling to the new Altima coupe. I own the 2.5S and I find it has both good fuel economy and great performance. Also, the fact that I can have the keys in my pocket and simply press a button to start it makes jumping in and taking off that much easier!

Push-button ignition, keyless entry, Bose surround system, blue-tooth hands free technology, CVT, gas mileage.

CVT, push button start, ride and handling, style.

Push button start, luxury smooth ride, and excellent acceleration pep.

Smooth transmission. Interior dash, very nice. Overall comfort. Keyless entry and ignition. 

Rear 3/4 styling

The look of it is just beautiful.

Exterior body style, intelligent key, fuel economy.

The gas mileage! Although still quite new, I do a lot of highway driving and repeatedly have been getting 35 mpg. The car is so comfortable everything has been laid out well for the driver.

Finally ABS standard on all trims, intelligent key, trip computer, orange glow from the gauges, safety features, controls on the steering wheel, trunk space, Gas mileage from the CVT, sporty look and smooth ride.

CVT smooth, great handling capabilities, Bose sound system is great, Blue Tooth, keyless entery and push button start...etc..too many to list.

The coupe design is a plus. CVT, responsive brakes, stiff suspension, relatively low blindspots for a coupe, and room rear seats for a coupe. The keyless entry and start up are quite a novelty item. Only time will tell if it's durable and reliable.

I got the S convenience package with the sunroof and alloy rims. There is no need for the SL trim on the 2.5, to be honest there is no need for the 3.5 The 2.5 is plenty poweful. Take the difference in price and buy stock!! 

Push button start, organge illumination, leather feels great, aux input, smooth ride, suspension. CVT. Pearly metallic white. 

Its power, sound system, comfort of the seats, smart key, handling, sound of the engine under full acceleration, and fuel economy.

Engine performance. Wiper blades are exceptional. Smart key is a thing of beauty. A/C system is outstanding.

Keyless ignition, gas mileage, body styling.

Looks, power, nav/back up camera, XM radio

CVT, steering wheel radio controls, moonroof and exterior appeal

Intelligent key, CVT

Stereo (Bose system); Leather; XM; keyless start; roominess; gas mileage; AC unit

Intelligent key w/ push button start, comfortable leather seats, CVT, 270 horsepower engine, looks and design, enough room for 4 adults, HID Xenon headlights, gas mileage ( I'm getting 24 mpg w/ mostly city driving).

CVT is the best thing ever invented, push button start, great handling, plenty of legroom for my 6'2" frame, and smooth ride.

GPS, rear-view camera & semi-auto trans.

Fuel economy, power, handling, over all looks (sporty look) and ease of operation of onboard controlls. Easy and fun to drive, handles well overall and rides comfortably.

Push botton entry and start. Room in glove box and trunk. CVT. Comfortable seats. Smooth ride. Sporty look. Great interior. I could go on and on.

CVT - the car never shifts and the tachometer stays the same while accelerating. Keyless entry and trunk release - so cool, no fumbling with keys. I'd never buy a car without this feature ever again. Gas mileage - hard to believe the MPG on a car of this size. Comfort and styling.

The radio controls on the steering wheel are convenient. The fold down back seat comes in handy for hauling items although the trunk space is roomy.

Keyless entry and start means never fumbling for the key in my pocket. CVT is smooth. Spacious inside, big truck, but car still feels sporty. Layout of the controls is great, with a nice clean look and easy access to everything.

Style. Stereo. Head room... no standard sun roof. Also enjoy the seats.

great dash at night, very bright no key ignition cool easy to use instrument panel and good design

Exterior styling, keyless entry, CVT, and its quickness. Nice to have several cup holders in both front and back. 

Intelligent key, push-button start, Bluetooth, XM radio, heated leather seats, CVT w/ manual shift, Homelink, trip computer, sunroof, huge trunk, powerful 4-cyl, everything! Steering feel is great for spirited driving. It's amazing!

Request key feature and push button start.Controls are easy to reach. No more fumbling for keys. The body styling is really great and has a faint resemblance to the 350z. MP3 connection and 2 power outlets come in handy. Amatures are easy to read and the their lighting during the day works great.

push button is nice,lots of room in the driver sear for big guys.trunk space is nice.

Transmission it can be manual or automatic. Also the "no key feature. Push button start. I never get my keys out of my purse. Not even to unlock it 

Acceleration, comfort, visibility, and the way the car looks-- it's HOT.

Gas mileage & dash alerts for mpg, keyless entry and start, bluetooth, 6 disc in dash changer, dual climate controls, loads of cup holders/storage and the inability to lock the keys in it!

CVT, radio with XM, is great, my first sun roof in a while, I am tall and this is the first car I have owned that allowed me to fit in comfortably with a sunroof.

Everything! 

Nice stereo (Bose) and cool features like dual climate controls are nice but the engine and CVT make this car very fun to drive. And it looks amazing.

Huge trunk, sunroof, keyless entry, sporty look, interior and exterior.

Push button start is really cool (why don't more car makers use that), comfort of seats, lots of room, aux port for iPod, home link for my garage door opener, style, look and feel of car.

Push start, very bright dash and guages, really awesome looks, fantastic fuel economy, lots of power for a 4 cyl.

No keys.

Engine, transmission, home link door/gate opener, Bose stereo that rocks! Also, roominess compared to BMW 3 series or Saabs.

Everything, the push button start, the location of the buttons on the steering columm. I got the package with the sunroof. I didn't really want all the other things that came with it, leather seats, heated seats, Bose stereo, but now I am really glad I did because I really like them.

I love the bluetooth capability, bose sound system, satellite radio and iPod hook up.

Keyless system. Push button start. Outside style Interior design Power and acceleration for a 4 cyl. Trip computer that gives MPG, distance to empty, etc 

Easy access with Intelligent key and Push-Button start but theft-proof. Fuel economy. Largely adjustable driving position. CVT. 9 cupholders.

CVT, push-ignition, lots of room for a coupe, smooth ride.

The look is distinctive and the car is fast, smooth and handles very well. Good MPG for this performance and V6, I am getting 23-24 with city-highway mix.

Bluetooth, stereo, key, mpg, wind deflector.

The size of the car on the exterior is perfect for safety. Mileage is awesome compared to my mom! The sportiness is perfect and the car is powerful for a 4 liter. The look of the car is what truly draws in the crowd. Also the uniqueness on the road helps a lot too.

The exterior shape and interior finishes, push button start, powerful V6 engine with execellent drive control. 

Keyless entry and the keyless ignition. The real-time MPG display and average MPG display are informative. Roomy interior and exterior styling. Moonroof.

Smooth ride, CVT, superior interior for cloth, iPod jack, Code Red color, car is free of any flaws so far.

Handling, transmission, size, design, value.

Bose stereo, refined engine, stable feel, overall styling.

Continuously Variable Valve Timing Control System (CVTCS)

Body style, interior and performance.

Push start button, no more fiddling with the keys to open the doors or to start the engine! Roomy in the inside. Very good fuel economy. Very good design in the inside and outside of the vehicle. 

push button drive; can open the trunk without a key; styling; interior room; large trunk; can' lock the key in the car, or trunk.

Gas mileage and Ride. Oh! and it used to be the quietness of the engine!

Keyless start engine. Sport body. Sound system. smooth on the road.

Impressive acceleration, Exterior Styling, Comfortable, Supportive and Quality Leather Seating, Intelligent Key, Good Stereo.

Push start ignition and radio

Interior okay. Great button layout while driving. Love steering wheel controls. Sound system :-)..Good amount of cup holders too. 

CVT shifter in manual mode, exterior styling, handling, love the XM radio and the Bose sound sytem

I like the CVT

Radio & Styling

Pushbutton ignition.

CVT, leather seats, lots of storage, keyless entry, sunglass holder, well lighted dash.

Push button start, bluetooth, XM radio.



Fun to drive, quiet interior, great fuel economy, CVT, HID headlights, Bose stereo, Intelligent Key, steering feel, performance, interior touches, standard heated folding turn-signal mirrors on the 3.5, one-touch moonroof, steering wheel controls, Bluetooth. 

Styling, keyless ignition!, leather, acceleration, Bose/XM, mpg display (real informative), roomy interior, rear view mirror auto dimming, heated seats (it is Wisconsin!), dual temp zone control, handling (not ride). CVT is nice, but not noticeably smoother than my conventional automatic Avalon. 

Added safety definitely a plus. MP3 compatable with stock speakers is ridiculous. Keyless remote is cool, watching people's face when you touch the button on the door is priceless. Awesome ride, very sporty!!!

Keyless entry and ignition. I am ruined for cars with keyed ignition from here on out. The Altima is my wife's car so I get in my Jeep and have to actually use a key. Barbaric. MP3 player connectivity on standard stereo. Space, lots of space.

My favorite feature has to be the Bose audio system. The nine speakers sound really great.

Outside aerodynamics, 6 speaker audio system works well with iPod, Bose is overkill and basically sounds the same, save the 3 grand. Rear seat legroom is okay depending on the front seat passenger. Intelligent Key. 2.5L engine. Very clear bright gauge cluster. 

push button start, leather, i love it all!

CVT, manual shift, SL package features.

Price.

Heated seats, easy to read instruments on the dash, sound system is very nice.

Sporty handling. Engine torque. Well programmed CVT. Bose radio is strong, bluetooth is nice. Large interior and trunk space. Contrary to many other reviews, you can fold the rear seats into the trunk from the inside. There's a hidden button above the right rear seat for fold-down.

Everything except the push button start.

Bluetooth, Intelli-Key, CVT.

Navigation, comfort, seat and steering wheel adjustments, space, ride quality, exterior looks, leather, backup camera, sunroof, value!

Lots of storage space! Fold-down back seats. Great pickup. Comfortable quiet ride. Good basic sound system with an mp3 plug-in. Beautiful exterior styling, and the Metallic Jade color is lovely. Airbags on all sides.

Intellikey system is great. Not having to fumble for keys is the best thing since sliced bread. Gas mileage is better than expected. Takes me about 2 1/2 weeks for the fuel to run to empty (about 125mi per week). The Alty's (2.5S) fuel tank takes about 510mi to go from F to E.

Design and build. CVT is awesome!! The iPod control in stock stereo is an added bonus.

Bluetooth is awesome! Heated seats. Navigation is nice but you can't do much with it while moving. XM and Bose system. Keyless entry and the push button start are cool and convenient features. Looks sharp, too!

Exceptional fuel economy for this size vehicle. Bose audio system. keyless start. CVT.

CVT, intelligent key, gas mileage.

1) CVT -you really cant feel the shift. 2) 270 horses there if/when you need it. 3) Sound system. 4) sleek roof line.

Voice commands for both the nav and phone (bluetooth), CVT, styling inside and out, winter frost color, keyless everything (I love leaving the key in my pocket all day), V6 power.

Intelligent key, Bluetooth. Nav system. 

Gadgets, speed, handling, design.

Bose sound system paired to the nav system, tight short throw 6 speed manual transmission, and finally the interior styling.

Big glove box, keyless remote,the start engine push button and of course the CVT.

Exterior design, CVT, Bose speakers, heated seats.

All Junk

push button start / keyless entry

Keyless ignition, large easy-to-read gauges, center console layout/storage, larger-than-life glovebox (enough to fit a 15 in. laptop and several magazines), one touch auto-down AND auto-up driver/passenger front windows, driver/passenger rear overhead lights.

Push Button Start, Powerful 4 cylinder engine, overall beautiful exterior looks, spacious trunk for a coupe.

Keyless start and entry. Body style. Bose Stereo. Gas mileage.

ENGINE: Liquid smooth acceleration. Most powerful 4CYL in its class - supportive torque. HANDLING: The car goes where I want it to go and takes curves easily. INTERIOR: Plenty of space for 5 adults - Spacious trunk. AUDIO: Basic speakers have strong bass and clear sound. STYLE: Best I've seen!

It's got to be the CVT transmission. It does take some getting used to at first..not hearing it clunk into gear..but after you get used to the high rev sound you realize how very very smooth it is.

Intelligent Key, in-dash satellite radio, 20 gallon fuel tank, Bluetooth

Keyless entry/truck/ignition, steering wheel controls, sunroof is awesome, Powerful, accelerates just as fast or better than my 00 silverado x-cab 4x4 5.3L v8 (although truck has 4spd auto), breaks will give u whiplash if u throw them on and push down the clutch!

smart key

Base stereo was excellent. Very sporty appearance and quality interior.

Push button start, great fun engine.

Intellikey setup is INCREDIBLY convenient. Leave keys in the pocket and operate everything in the car. Bluetooth system has had the kinks worked out from earlier variations in the 06 Infiniti G models. Push button start is just sexy. So are the leather seats.

Body style.

Style, MPG!!, CVT, and keyless entry

Body and interior quality. The paint was almost perfect, but a small flaw needed attention by the dealer.

Love it so much we are considering buying a 2.5 SE "on sale" for a second car -- one we'd trust the kids to drive -- same great steering and maneuverability but fewer horses! (It's VERY RESPONSIVE -- you have PAY attention or one deft(daft) move and you'll be off the road.) 

Exterior and interior styling. CVT. Gas mileage. Heated leather seats

Body style and handling

Quality build, power, comfort and features

6-speed transmission, quiet ride, handling is awesome, great acceleration.

I-key, nav with backup camera, Bluetooth, V6 engine, CVT, sporty look

Nice quiet ride, great looking body, great gas mileage.

Push button start, iPod plug in, interior design.

Intelligence Key, and CVT on the highway. Overall roominess interior. 

Heated leather seats, moonroof, styling and interior roominess.

Interior design, keyless entry, stereo sound quality, information/trip computer

The body and the motor. Rear camera was a nice touch.

Push start, keyless

Whooshing away at the light change. Feels like your driving a Porsche at $70K less! Braking has been good, too, on ours. Steering is tight and responsive. Driving this car is addicting. Looks like a sedate sedan / performs like a sports car. Makes commuting FUN!

Keyless entry, body style, smart key

Overall performance. Stylish looks. Intelligent key / push button ignition. CVT auto transmission.

Driving position and instrumentation, plus the exterior is beautiful!

Intelligent key, V6 power, sunroof.

Intelli-key feature. CVT.

Interior, on-board computer, keyless start, decent stereo, large trunk, comfortable seats.

The body style, the smart key, the interior layout, wonderful

None

It's gotta be the key; just walk-up, push a button on the door; get in; push another button to fire it up, and never take the keys out of your pocket. I know other cars have this; but I don't have those cars. 

Push button ignition, intelligent key, sunroof, spoiler, emergency road package.

Exterior style, push button start, Nissan's reliability, excellent full power steering, 100k tune up, performance in the 4 cyl engine, safety features and the list goes on.

The exterior design. The color. The things that come with the convenience package. Smart key (talk about renovating ideas!). Dashboard design is just enticing for the eye. Overall front seat design is just superb! The storage spaces and glove compartment are just huge. Prepare to amaze people.

Moon roof.

CVT, fuel economy, sporty exterior, abundant legroom.

The on screen displays of how many MPG I'm getting, how many miles to empty and alerts. Excellent sounding speakers and plenty of room! Oh and I can't forget to mention the push start and keyless door access without using a remote.

Push button ignition

Body style.

Roomy, spacious interior, strong acceleration, good A/C and heating, and excellent fuel economy are all big plus points with this car. It's distinctive optics are also a plus with this vehicle.

CVT, speed, indicators for everything, Bose audio system, push button start.

Push button start. Center console holds our Magellan perfectly so we don't have that conspicuous suction cup on the windshield.

Push button ignition, intelligent key, and curtain airbags as standard equipment is great.

Design. CVT. Fuel economy. Interior space and comfort. Trunk size. Factory stereo system. Pretty close to the whole car.

Super-fast V6 and sharp 6spd manual transmission, intelligent key system, stereo iPod compatibility, front gauge display, exterior styling... Everything!

Push button start, keyless entry and trunk, Bose/XM.

bluetooth wireless hands free should be standard on all cars

Looks, power, handling, ride, overall space, legroom, fit & finish, build quality.

Push button start, keyless door and trunk entry, adjustable steering wheel, lighted dash panel, huge glove box, tons of cup holders, 3 sets of car seat hooks, 60/40 split seat

CVT, hate it and love it. Great stereo system. Very comfortable seating positions.

1) Overall power/performance. 2) Exterior styling. 3) Driver's seating comfort - the seat and steering wheel tilt/telescope give you unlimited options. 4) BlueTooth. 5) Keyless/pushbutton system. 6) Bose system/XM.

Keyless ignition, CVT

Looks, style, sporty leather interior, paint quality, bluetooth, sunroof, homelink, Bose system, mp3 player, keyless entry, roominess, gas mileage 33 on long highway stretches at 72+ mph, 25 city, fun to drive, classy, comfortable.

Rear styling, CVT, V6 power, 17" tires/rims, dual exhaust, push button start, instrumentation very user friendly, downright fun to drive!

Pushbutton start, CVT good, overall driver comfort, gas mileage is what expected from sticker. Quiet, smooth ride. Overall looks inside and out. Would recommend to anybody so far.

Push button start, CVT, one touch, sunroof and power front windows. 

interior design, ride quality.

Horsepower - smooth, generous and potent! Bluetooth - sensible and prudent. 40-60 folding back seat.

Push button start, Homelink, Bose sound system + bluetooth hands free, the CVT. So smooth and quiet.

Dashboard illumination,controls on the steering wheel really caught my eye.Leg room was very good and the styling was excellent. 

Looks. CVT. Comfort and fun-to-drive quotient. 

LOOKS, LOOKS, LOOKS and oh yeah gas mileage !!

