Trail rated 4 wheel drive 24 miles per gallon good over head clearance for tall driver and passengers

Removable plastic deck in rear. 4WD. Low roof height for rack access. Fold flat seats 

like the CVT with autostick. Great traction in snow and launching boat. Good looks. Good mileage. Comfortable.

Plastic interior and leathetee/vinyl seats, several safty features that are standard, side air bags, traction control, tire inflation etc.

Manual transmission gives fun to drive experience and both clutch and trans have been foolproof.

Sunroof, sirus radio, navigator, speakers in the rear door, visibility completely around the vehicle. Perfect in deep snow! Parks like a dream. (maybe, because I had Vans before.)

rear cargo room

The 4cylinder and CVRT blew me away on trips through the mountains of WV, VA, PA & NC. Never any hesitation or drag, just strong acceleration throughout. Best performance I have had on these roads. The CRVT may be slightly detectable in town, a small price to pay for smooth powerful highway driving.

There is plenty of leg room for me as well as my passengers. The stereo system that came with the package is great. 

Cherokee styling, comfortable seats, 4WD mode is amazing, acceleration is great, and the standard stock speakers are quite nice. I manage to get 30MPG highway. The CVT, once used to it, offers so much control to control acceleration.

MPG, fold flat seats, classic jeep styling.

Jeep styling, MPG, upgraded sound system a blast, rides smooth.

MPG 27-28, IPOD jack with holder in armrest, decently comfy seats with Yes! Essential fabric, classic jeep style

Classy Jeep looks and 4 Wheel Drive is excellent

Vinyl seats, a/c, removable cargo floor, traction control- handled 12in snow easy, aux input, interior room/space- outside is deceiving, exterior styling, fold away mirrors, bright headlights, 5 spd manual, cup holders and other holders. 

Styling is classic old-school Jeep Cherokee. The size overall is perfect -- not too big or too small. It doesn't look wimpy like the Compass or, ahem, "metrosexual" as the Liberty is (not that there's anything wrong with that). Styling inside and overall is great and the price CAN'T be beat!!!!!!

The sliding armrest is fantastic for long trips. The auxiliary jack for an Mp3 player and the height-adjustable seat are also fantastic. My fiancee is 5'2" and I am 5'11" so the height- adjustable seat helps us out quite a bit.

Interior storage, adequate leg room in all seating areas, non-carpet cargo area, fuel economy, great warranty with option of adding lifetime bumper to bumper, rechargeable flashlight, 

Looks, leather, Navigation is cool, good MPG considering it's a non-hybrid. Fuel savings of the Ford escape is not worth the higher up-front cost including any tax credit for $3k. If you want to wait 3 months for a Ford, be my guest.

Fab exterior. interior looks and functionality. sunroof operation. Perfect overall size. Excellent economy (averaging 25 mpg US gallon). Great sound system with the 9 speaker option. Plenty of leg room etc (my son is 6 foot 5 inches and this is one of the few compact cars he can drive with comfort)

Runs great, good fuel economy, roomy, handles better than most SUVs

I like the looks, the handling and definitely the mileage.

Sound system, color (Jeep Green), front grill, gas mileage, interior is very comfortable.

Euroshift, YES seating, legroom in the back, extra room throughout (head and leg).

Looks, lots of compliments.

Side view mirrors offer great view all around, bonus cool points for fun to drive, great visibility. I pity the people who have rides similar or larger than mine and that cost twice as much. 

Looks, leather seats, radio controls on back of steering wheel, horn (super loud), sound system etc.

Fuel economy, price, competence on bad dirt roads, decent power, CVT (yes, I like it!), interior layout, sound of the engine, hill descent control, head and foot room is great, solid feel to the vehicle.

Steering wheel controls, 4X4 lock, Sat radio, 9 Speaker Boston Stereo, Reclining rear seats, built in/rechargeable flashlight, autostick transmission, CVT... just a beginning of a long list of great features on the Patriot.

The fold down seats let me carry some pretty large items.



Towing capacity (2,000 pounds), fuel economy, style, interior flexibility, good visibility, seating room, good maneuverability, and quality of construction. Chrysler lifetime powertrain warranty.

Styling-modern & classic at once; roominess; heated seats; good gas mileage for an SUV; fun to drive; Sirius Radio; moon roof

Satellite Radio, automatic door locks, steering wheel radio controls, heated seats. I also like the classic jeep exterior. 

MP3 input, removable hose-able cargo floor. Quality of seat materials. Roomy, comfortable cabin (I'm 6-1"). Jeep marque. Fuel economy - I get high 20s, unbelievable for a Jeep. Basic stereo is adequate. 

Both awd and 4wd, CVT works beautifully, autostick is nice so you don't have to ride brakes downhill or twisty roads. Gas mileage and descent power are a plus. Styling inside and out is "classic" and tasteful without looking cheap. Yes essentials seats fit my lifestyle perfectly and are very comfortable.

17" rims, and interior. very classy inside

Very smooth ride in the highway and good gas mileage. SUV feel and compact handling.

Roomy interior, nice bright headlights, gas mileage...love it all!

Seats, aluminum wheels, easy in/out 4WD, body style, stereo, 120V outlet, instruments/styling (air pressure and temp even on the basic "sport")

The yes seats that don't stain for the most part

Good gas mileage, high ground clearance, quiet engine, solid feel, rugged good looks. 



The Gas Mileage and the price. Unbelievable value for the dollar. The 4WD is great to have in the snow

I like the side curtain airbags, fuel efficiency of the CVT tranny, the rugged jeep look, the masculine styling, and the ability to hose it down!

Lifetime engine, great headroom, good on gas, fold-flat seats - you can fit 8 ft 2x4's in this thing!

Great gas mileage, cool Jeep looks, higher seating position than econo sedans, lifetime engine warranty. Also love the fold-flat seats, can carry 8' 2x4's in there. Also, no daytime running lights (hate those).

Interior size, and typical jeep looks. Lifetime drivetrain warranty.

Place to plug in my ipod :) and the outlet that's in there, makes long car trips easier without having to stop for batteries for my sons PS2. :)

Gas mileage, price, wrap around warranty, stability, comfort, sound system and options, great handling. And it is really cute!

Love the view you get, and the simple interior design makes it easy to use the controls. Plenty of space for your needs, being the owner of 5 dogs in the 80 pound range I find it easy to take 2-3 at a time out to the beach.

Good value, good warranty, excellent handling 

Sun roof, curtain air bags, mercedes engineered transmission, plenty of storage in the back

Lots of safety features standard. Excellent price, lifetime powertain warranty, and overall quality. Great comfortable economic good-looking vehicle for an average commuter/family vehicle. Great visibility. Many useful options.

Really nice dual stage heated leather seats. Bluetooth and Sirrus radio for a year! And remote start is fabulous. Solid quiet ride both in town and on the highway. Love the auto stick too. Fun to drive and great looking. We have the Khaki metallic color - love the dual coolor interior too.

Without a doubt, my favorite feature is the turning radius. This can take such sharp turns, it makes parking it very easy. It's Cherokee-look is great for that little bit of "old school" in me. And, of course, round headlights, which offer very nice lighting. The standard sound system is nice, too.

Value, utility, gas mileage. Available 5spd in limited edition, styling, warranty

Headlights, the ability to change the height of the seats, the ability to plug in my home cell phone charger, the windshield (square allows better viewing) No blind spots, electric mirrors, rear defrost, YES interior, instead spare storage, 

Tire size, gas mileage, interior room, handles great on the highway and in town driving.

Manual transmission, outside temp guage, vinyl, easy to clean seats, milage, lifetime powertrain warrentee, comfortable ride, nice stock radio.

I really think this is the best value in a smaller 4x4. It shifts very smoothly, rides great and holds the road in all kinds of weather. I also like the fact that it gets about the best safety ratings in its class. 

Style and comfort at a great price! Great MPG!

Lots of bang for the buck-unlimited powertrain warrentee. Nice seats, easy clean up. Roominess made us choose this over a Compass-better headroom and far larger trunk space. Ease of getting in and out of. Our second Patriot-just got mine last month. Great ride, smooth manual tranny (such a plus!) 

Looks, value, quality, standard safety features, fun to drive.

Good mileage, able to transit friends comfortably, decent radio and speakers surprised me especially for a stock system

5 spd tranny, moonroof, outside temp guage, lifetime powertrain warrentee, available accessories galore, nicely laid out interior. Very capable in the snow, side impact airbags, 5 star crash test rating, ease of entering/exiting the vehicle, roomy solid feel. Comfortable, capable feeling vehicle.

Manual tranny, outside temp thermometer, moonroof, nice stock radio, ease of entry into the vehicle, roomy cabin, great all around vehicle- lifetime powertrain warrenttee, and a bumper to bumper warrentee upgrade that doesn't break the bank. Looking forward to the promised gas mileage- only have 170mi.

17 inch rims, reclining rear seat, 115 volt electrical outlet, front and side airbags, pretty decent factory stereo.

4x4. MPG. Satellite radio and ipod hookups. Heated seats are nice. Looks cool, like a mini Cherokee.

Style is great, interior is good, realibilty is backed up because Jeep is offering a lifetime powertrain waranty. Enough said.

Great gas mileage, lifetime bumper to bumper warranty option. Roomy interior, very comfortable ride; excellent vision front and rear; looks, feels, and is sturdy, yet very maneuverable. 

mp3 jack, gas mileage, interior space 

Exterior appearance is eye-catching. Tons of room on the interior, even for big and tall guys. The CVT seems to flow smooth as glass with no notable lag on the highway.

Sport stick, Jeep styling

Manual transmission, ESP, ABS, side airbags, side curtain airbags and 4 and 5 start crash ratings. The cruise control is really easy to use as well. I wasn't thrilled with the YES upholstry to begin with, but it has grown on me and I am starting to appreciate it now. I also prefer its firm seats.

Huge interior. Feels and looks bigger than it is. Quiet ride, lots of cool features and great MPG. I actually smile when I fill up now. It won't win any drag races but the CVT engine isn't that bad. Still shaking my head that I got such a complete SUV for around 25k. Exterior's all Jeep!

Sunroof, Ipod jack, 17" wheels, boxy design and small size. 

It is very capable in the snow and off road, but in the city it is very comfortable and efficient. The interior is well laid out and provides lots of storage space as well as being rugged and easy to clean. It is the smoothest 4 cylinder I've driven and I really like the CVT.

Easy clean interior. Simple design inside and out. MPG'S!!! I've gotten 30mpg's 3 times!!!

Trail rated package 4x4. seat comfort,mpg, fun driving, runs like a top (or better yet a Jeep). 

Height adjustable front YES seats, reclining rear seats, 110 power outlet, CVT transmission, great styling, quiet, comfy ride, quiet engine compared to others, great rear leg room (more than my previous Jag XJ8), best of all - FUN, FUN, FUN TO DRIVE!!!!

My favorite feature is the grill, headlights.

Color and Price were the only things we liked.

heated seats, 458 watt stereo, sun roof, gas mile. folding front seat

front grill, headlights/foglights.

Comfortable,just enough room,MPG!!!Looks like a Jeep should.

hmmm... my aux jack for my ipod, the removable flashlight

It is very comfortable to ride in, and nice sound system

Very comfortable and solid front seat. Non-tinted glass, good visibility. Good ground clearance. Good gas mileage.

4X4

Beautiful layout and design. Comfortable leather seats. Handles great! 4WD is flawless. Average about 22.3 MPG city/ 28 or better Hwy. Autostick feature is fun on winding roads. Chrome door handles and gear shifters are lovely.

Exterior styling and handling

Folding seats including Passenger side front seat. Good stopping power and handles nicely. Decent acceleration for a 4 Cyl.

Hugs the road good. Does not drive like a van. 

gas mileage. stereo is very good. plenty of nooks for small items. 

6 cd changer, heated seats, color (surf blue pearl), two toned interior, glad the tire isn't mounted on the rear

5 speed manual transmission. 4 wheel drive. Good handling on snowy roads. I like the available vinyl seats, manual locks and windows. The D-package offers real traditional spartan no frills Jeep styling. 

4 wheel drive, affordability, fun to drive

nice stereo. smooth shifting trans. 

dash board settings, heated seats, iPod holder, comfort, etc...

Reliable, and good head room (I'm 6'4" and have plenty of head room). 

great gas mileage for size (seats 5 with nice cargo area, I got is for a great price

Love the handling and the 5 speed. The high MPGs is a great plus.

The "go anywhere" ability of the vehicle. Very important in the North.

Navigation and hands free phone system is wonderful. Sound system is first class and sirus radio is good for long trips. The transmission shifting is different than most car but I found I hit a break less than my other car which helps save gas.Controls,cup holders,armrest & storage are in the place.

MPG, controls are easy to get at.

Solidly built and responsive.

Love the interior two tone color scheme and again the front profile really distinguishes it from the rest of the pack

Trail Rated package. Easy to clean interior. Great Jeep looks.

Favorite features are great gas mileage, folding down seats, sound system, four wheel drive options, safety features ie side curtain airbags, tire pressure monitoring,stability control, position of stick shift, plastic cargo area, back seat space, comfortable seats, removable flashlight, and 110 plg

Suggested Improvements

Gas mileage! Never been below 23 MPG and as high as 28 all freeway drive. Awesome head/leg room (being 6'6, that was key for me). Removable plastic trunk lining is great when you need to hose it down. the YES seats are awesome! Never worry about spills again. iPod hook up is great for long trips.

the only good thing is the radio system.

space

Moon roof, fold flat seats, plastic cargo floor (nice for wet gear and deer carcasses), seat fabric. 

Textured leather; drop-down tailgate speakers (AWESOME for football season); audio controls mounted out of sight on the BACK of the steering wheel; CD changer; satellite radio; sunroof

performance, surprisingly powerful, handling and mpg

4WD, can handle rough WI winters. Roomy, efficient, Manual Transmission, ability to upgrade later. Very zippy, great handling, fun to drive. Rugged styling.

great strong looks, great gas mileage, smart interior. simple to use instruments. very comfortable.

none

Reclining rear seats, fold flat seats, cargo area floor panel that is removable for easy cleaning, and the gas mileage.

don't really have any

I love the 5 speed manual transmission. It is fun to drive and gets about 4 MPG better than my Wife's Compass with the CVT. I was attracted by the classic Jeep exterior styling which is echoed in the square, spartan interior appointments. 4 wheel drive is easy to use and does not rob mileage numbers

Style, gas mileage, comfort. Space

The Shape and Reliability also the safety with side impact airbags, this is coming from someone who got into a serious accident it is really important to have every safety feature in a car I dont have, but the MyGig is a great option my dad has it its awesome, the only prob is updating software.

Boston A. 470 watt stereo/sat system, leather heated seats with lumbar.Rear seats recline too. 

The Price for a well-equipped (leather, moonroof) 4WD vehicle. MPG decent for a 4WD. Smooth road manners for a Jeep. 

The seats are comfortable and the fabric is nice. 

Driver visibility. The vehicle seems far bigger than it actually is sitting in the drivers seat, and the view all around is excellent. I love the cloth seats, which are not hot on our 95 degree days. Also, we can seat five comfortably. The mileage, which is awesome. 

Comfort, mileage

MPG. Jeep styling. YES! seats. Lifetime powertrain warranty Sirius. The fact that you can buy a 4wd SUV with a sunroof, all the options, and premium sound for under $20k. And that was BEFORE the automakers got really desperate. The 5sp is the way to go. We rented one with a CVT once and hated it.

Handles great, very roomy for a compact SUV, and it has a classic Jeep look that is superior to many of the crossover SUVs out there. Very good gas mileage. 

Color, price and gas mileage

boxy looking exterior, 4wd, cargo room, gas mileage, 

small turning radius is great, front seats are comfortable, standard sound system is impressive.

All the plush equipment at a very reasonable price. Can't get the same equipment on other small SUVs without paying a steep price.

Comfortable ride and sharp appearance

4x4 engages on the fly, no stopping. CVT accelerates in the sand/mud with no shift shock/loss of traction. Sporty drive. Uses GS Platform 



Classic Jeep design, comfortable seats, smooth ride, handling, auto- stick, adjustable seat belts, easy entry, Sirius radio 

Comfortable seats. Smooth ride in the 4x2. Fun to drive. 

Easy 4wd control

MPG is absolutely what they say it is, and better. I'm 6'1" and there is more than ample room to drive or ride. Performance is amazing for a 4-cyl engine and the car is rock solid like a Jeep should be.

My favorite features are the 4wd capabilities, how it handles when driving, it's off-road capabilities, and definitely the fuel economy. In these times, driving the Jeep Patriot seems like the patriotic thing to do, to reduce fuel consumption.

The whole thing... you just can't beat it with its price and its available options. Just wish there was a Trail Rated 5 spd out there. (The plastic interior is fine)

4cyl 4wd

Great acceleration / handling with the 5 speed. Pull out rear cargo floor for easy cleaning. Front passenger fold down seat. And the number 1 favorite thing: 24 mpg average for a 4x4!!!!!

The reclining back seats. 

We are so disappointed it is hard to think of a favorite feature. We have owned plenty of Jeeps and this is the first one with a problem but all have been gas hogs.

My favorite features are: Built-in tints, power windows, power breaks, power steering, YES Essentials (Stainless, Spill-Proof, Odor Resistant, etc.,) interior, 1-Year Free Sirius Satellite Radio, Boston Acoustic Speakers and Sub, 100 V outlet, Flip Down Tailgate Speaker, and many more! 

MPG, Jeep styling, and quiet ride.

I like that the vinyl seats look like leather. Several different people have asked me why I got the leather seats and crank windows. I tell them that I really just prefer the cranks. CVT. MPG, high 28.8 low 25.6 Ext style. Very roomy, I'm 6ft. 4 in. and can extend my legs all the way. AMERICAN MADE!

The looks of the car, and the gas mileage.

Jeep look, two-tone leather is a great addition, great sound system (even w/o the upgraded system), I've been getting about 22+ MPG so far (mostly city w/ a little hwy)

Styling, fold down and reclining rear seats, easy to clean YES fabric.

CD player, tinted windows, flashlight, garage door opener, well the whole thing really. I love it.

Leg and head room. I am 6'2" and my wife is 5'9" and have plenty of room. Great on gas and love the vinyl seats and cargo floor. I go to construction sites and can just hose of the GA red clay.

