Sticker price, reliability, CVT, 

Radio & good gas mileage..and the keyless entry I had installed...part of deal for car.

probably the bluetooth handsfree altho there are many other cars out there that offer it. The CVT tranny once you get used to its uniqueness.

great gas mileage, cruise control

Everything

keyless entry, phone modem, cvt tranmission, large room inside and in trunk

Smooth, fun to drive 6 speed transmission. New look and standard features on the S package. Great value for the money.

back seats fold and make space bigger for anything u can put

cvt and mpg

Quiet, smooth ride! Interior design is refreshing, very european looking

CVT, Bluetooth, Rockford sound system, hideaway trunk system, CD storage in the dash, Intelligent Key, the good highway mileage, trip computer

N/A

The keyless system is cool. Can't believe I didn't have bluetooth before. I like the split trunk and fold down rear seat. All cars should have the mp3 plug-in socket. All the airbags. This car just looks good.

Radio controlls on the steering wheel are great. I love the CVT. This is a fun car. Fun to look at and fun to drive.

Keyless entry and ignition 

The side curtains

Love the intelligent key, XM radio, leather interior, bluetooth, sunroof, and especially gas mileage.

Mileage, cabin quietness, safety features, interior leg and head room, sound system with trip info, large trunk and unbelievable braking system

The Bluetooth feature is great no wire, just one button, nothing in my ear and I don't have turn down the stereo ALL at the same time. AUX in for iPod connection is great. The trunk is huge and it comes with a flip up divider. The adjustable cup holders are also a great feature.

roomy interior

Definitely the intelligent key and hands free bluetooth. Those being available in a vehicle at this price is unbelieveable.

Intligent Key

200 hp free revvin 4 banger with a slick six speed no nonsense corner carvin suspension 

CVT, sound system (aux-in jack was a must), intelligent key, the general feel of driving it

The Sentra is quiet and super comfortable, I do not miss midsize cars now at all. What a tremendous improvement for Nissan over the old smaller Sentra I owned in the 1995.

Awesome handling, good acceleration more comfortable than past models. Design of the car is beautiful. Has great cupholders surprisingly!

Exterior design, Blue Tooth, interior layout, ease of use on cruise control and large trunk for a small car. Gas mileage is excellent. 

Everything

Stereo rocks, style, comfy seats, gas mileage, good in the snow! Storage compartments, fold down rear seats, roomy trunk, love the 6-speed manual tranny, it moves!

CVT, trip computer and gas mileage.

Looks good outside and is roomy. Other than that absolutely nothing.

Convenience package with Blue Tooth. Nice radio. Nice looking car.

Interior room for a small car, and the CVT.

Steering and handling

Sunroof, Bluetooth,and the peanut butter seats, the color of the car looks very classy (taupe).

Moonroof, CVT, smooth ride, intelligent key, bluetooth, controls on steering wheel for bluetooth, cd/radio, volume, & cruise control. 

Cabin space, stereo.

Acceleration, instrument panel.

Mist feature on wipers that's about it.

Room, price, toys, comfort, gas mileage, quality.

6-speed, 200 horse in a 3K lb car. 340- watt stereo. To me the finish and feel of this car is superb- soft feel material, great looking dials and gauges, LCD fuel/temp/odo is crisp and easy to read, nice stearing wheel and firm, comfy seats.

Blue tooth phone, aux jack in dash, cd storage behind the visor, controls on steering wheel.

Roomy interior, CVT, high mpgs, slick styling for the price.

Good looking car, very comfortable interior.



Well built, plenty of interior room in the front, CVT, trunk room, Blue Tooth, Interior design (gauges,cup holders, etc.). Gas mileage (33 TO 35 MPG which includes some city and highway driving).

It's cute to look at and Nissan's supposed reliability is a plus.

CVT, sound system and steering wheel controls.

Intelligent keyless entry, CVT, roomy interior, Bluetooth.

Smooth ride, leather interior, sunroof, CVT, audio system, lots of storage space, nice trunk, intelligent key, bluetooth.

The Intelligent Key and Bluetooth Phone make it very easy and convenient to get into the car and maintain focus on the road.

Seats very comfortable. Spacious interior. Great standard features. Great mid range acceleration (merges easily into traffic). 

Bluetooth, audio system, overall safety

Smooth shifting with CVT, XM radio, interior room, sectional trunk, comfy seats, dash setup, smooth & quiet ride.

Bluetooth, Intelligent Key, display features, fuel economy, design

Quietness, design, orange dash lights are different that run all the time, super bright headlights, fold flat seats, huge trunk, length is short, lots of room in the garage, hood stick to keep hood open, sport steering wheel.

Sound system is tops, as well as the wheels and braking performance. Interior is comfortable yet sparse. Also, the back seat is very accomodating. Keyless entry and ignition are very convenient. Engine sounds refined and is ready to go when necessary. The sweeping gauges at start up are fun!

The 340 watt sound system. The comfy hugging seats. The G meter, and all the other little gadgets. The acceleration and the breaking power. The huge glove box. I could go on for hours.

Intelligent key, Bluetooth, trip computer.

CVT, Bluetooth, leather seats, sound system.

Gas. I added the miles on it. Plays my cds. Seats are comfy to me.

Fun to drive.

mileage

Steering wheel controls. center dash info readout. Large trunk. Head room. 

6 speed :)

SMOOTH engine, gas mileage, CVT transmission, nice trunk space, nice standard sound system.

Sunroof!!! Keyless entry

Keyless entry. It's convenient because all you need to do is push the button near the handle to open. Really great if your hands are full! You don't have to insert the key to start the car. Just turn the ignition & it starts. If you forget and leave the key in the car it won't lock. Car is peppy!

I'm a 5'8" female and there's plenty of leg room for me. 

interior and exterior design is awesome. reliable thus far. the auto-down and UP window is very convenient. alot more other stuff...

Visibility, head room and trunk space. I like the engineering in the CVT, but we'll see about the reliability. Wife likes styling.

Keyless entry



MPG, roomy interior and truck. ABS, MP3 player and radio controls on the steering wheel.

Rockford Fosgate system is the only way to go. Totally outrocks the Bose in my previous car.

Six speed manual mode, keyless system, 8 speaker Rockford Fosgate radio, 17" rims, style of vehicle, Nissan reputation.

Bluetooth is better than my MDX! Notepad on bluetooth is cool. Keyless entry. MPG. CVT.

Bluetooth, interior room, exterior styling.

The quiet, smooth ride - again, for an inexpensive car.

Great gas mileage

Leather interior, bluetooth, XM radio, large trunk, smooth ride, nice audio system, sunroof, passenger room, smartkey system.

Color

A/C strong! Fast! 

I like the Intelligent Key. Not used a key, yet. Have to dig for house key when I get home, though! LOL I love the Sonoma Red shiny color. Button that show MPG and miles til empty. Rear end design. Dashboard. Quiet engine. Twice I've tried to start it when it was already running! Yikes.

Keyless operation for anything. Bluetooth. Aux input for iPod.



Inside room and exterior style.

CVT, quiet ride

CVT, gas mileage, reliable, quiet engine, good fit and finish.

Fold down seats, radio controls on the steering wheel. 

Auxiliary input jack, power windows and locks, comfortable and rather large cabin for a compact car in its class. Decent value overall.

Well laid out interior. Responsive vehicle to drive. 6 speed manual transmission is great fun. 

Nice handling and acceleration, Keyless entry is fabulous, Gas is great, Brakes are good, the bluetooth is more than i could ask for.

Great gas mileage averaged, driver seat has height adjustment, lots of room.

CVT is amazing. The auxiliary port I love that being able to just connect my iPod. Also standard power windows and locks are nice. Not to mention the drive is very smooth and quiet.

Shifter location, black interior, head room, hip room, seats are great, subdued exterior look-- no big spoilers or hood scoops. Size of the trunk and the trunk opening itself-- both are huge. LSD is an essential upgrade. Wheels look good. Brakes are excellent and stop on a dime. Unbeatable price.

Smooth quiet ride. Nice handling. Comfortable pit. Good fuel economy.

Love the paddle shifters for those times when you want to have some fun. 17" rims look great. XM radio is a nice touch, and the stereo sounds great. Love the adjustable cupholders. Every car company should copy these. Engine is quiet and responsive. AC fan is super quiet and works well.

Leather, sunroof, xm stereo with aux in, blue tooth, smart keyless entry. The keyless saved me (twice) from locking keys in the cabin and trunk - it unlocked/popped open and beeped at me! CVT is very smooth.

I enjoy the LCD display and I usually average 370-410 miles per tank of gas. The mechanics of the vehicle are also good. 

Lots of trunk space and folding rear seats were impressive. I disagree with Edmunds negative review of the droning noise the CVT makes on long drives. Lots of room and storage. Enough pep to pass slow moving vehicles. Digital display has been helpful for trips, gas economy, and song titles.

A really fun driving sensation, the stereo, the HP, seat material, quietness.

CVT. Seamless cruise control that takes me up the PA mountains no problem. Very quite engine, and really nice pick up. 

Intelligent key. Audio auxiliary jack.

Great gas mileage averaged, 26 MPG on first tank, 90% city driving. Driver seat has height adjustment, great stereo system and aux input. Cool styling.

The CVT is excellent and the first transmission I've ever driven that is cruise-control friendly when on hills and rolling terrain. Intelligent key and built-in hands free are nice touches. OD-off button good for engine braking and occasionally increasing responsiveness. Safer than most peers.

Blue Tooth, sound system, speed, trunk, and interior space, quality

CVT trans. XM radio. Intelligent Key. Divide and Hide trunk. Performance and economy of engine. Styling, both interior, and exterior.

None



The ride, space, mileage. stereo, are very good. Space is better when you lower the seat. Nothing fancy, but an attractive, safe, solid value. 

I like the wide front window, the fold down seats from the trunk and the air bags all about. 

Ultra smooth CVT. Also the roomy backseat.

CVT, music system with aux in & steering mounted audio controls, LC display with all driving information & interior space.

Gas mileage and comfort. Price was excellent with all the extras.

CVT engine, fuel economy, steering wheel controls, aux input, cup holder, tons of storage, trip computer info.

Exterior design, fuel efficiency.

Acceleration in such a small car is great! Very deep glove compartment. Doors close solidly. Intelligent key is handy. Better fuel economy for this acceleration ability.

Bluetooth, keyless entry, moonroof, two tone leather color scheme, glove compartment storage room (fits a large purse or laptop)and split trunk storage. Steering wheel controls make driving fun. Trip feature tells you how many miles left before next fuel up.

Trip info, solid build, smooth ride, exterior looks.

The color is nice. The door openings are nice. It is not an overall bad looking car, and the trunk space is quite large. 

Roomy/ real nice upholstery - exterior looks. Beats 14 mpg I was getting.

Outstanding handling. Great seats. Overhead CD carrier and vanity mirrors with lights. Huge glove box. Constant attention to economy during passive driving yet performing as asked when demanded without hesitation. Perfect response. Top-of-the line Conti run-flat tires. Smoooth, smoooth,..and WOW

Interior space and good A/C.

Love the Blue Tooth and the audio controls. Trunk room is great and the divider is wonderful. The smart key system is nice feature as well. I love not having to take the keys out of my pocket 

CVT, moonroof, leather seats made a big comfort change compared to the cloth, Steering wheel controls, Bluetooth, Intelligent Key system keeps the keys put away for vehicle access and driving, the split trunk storage is nice also. Glove box space is really huge.

Large and versatile interior and passenger space, very responsive and smooth engine and transmission, factory cash incentives, bluetooth and remote keyless entry with convenience package, split folding rear seats and trunk divider, quality of cloth upholstery, quality of dash materials, size of car

Large and versatile interior space, powerful and responsive engine and transmission for it's class, Bluetooth and remote key fob with convenience package, fuel economy, trunk storage divider, cloth upholstery quality, split folding rear seats, dash materials and quality

Great gas mileage, auxiliary input, bluetooth phone, comfortable, nice looking interior. Nissan cars are generally reliable. Excellent safety features

CVT is pretty cool, has awesome pick up, hope that's not killing my gas mileage. I love the interior.

Styling, fuel economy, power, voice activated bluetooth, steering wheel audio controls and price.

Bluetooth is awesome,trip computer, radio display, large glovebox, intelligent key system

Smooth ride, decent acceleration during highway speeds with the CVT, light steering while parking, good visibility, quiet interior, nice solid doors.

Center controls (A/C, radio, trip computer). Trip computer about as good as the Chevy Malibus. Also the roomy engine area (you can almost fit a second engine in there).

The car gets excellent gas mileage that averages about 30 mpg in mixed driving. The trunk is huge for a compact car and is roomy inside for 4 people. It has a smooth and quiet highway ride. Price was reasonable given all of the safety features (ABS, front, side, and side curtain airbags).

Keyless remote, all the leg room you get in this car front and back. 

Low speed torque = surprising fuel economy. Quiet, bump absorbing ride with outstanding maneuverablity and terrific wheels and tires. Seating quality in SE-R way superior to regular seating. Highly recommend. CVT integrates with power seamlessly and can be shifted like a 6-speed manual. Sharp car.

The internal room and the ease of the ergonomic radio, control features.

Gas mileage is everyting I expected. Interior is so roomy. Love the CVT, the vehicle is quiet and smooth. Oh and YAY I can do a U-ie again!

Radio control and the radio big display. The great speedometer easy to see. The raise lower seat.

Quiet, smooth luxury car ride totally missing from competitors. Outstanding cornering ability! Gas mileage and controls easy to use and easy to use from the steering wheel to keep your eyes on the road.

