Nav system, entertainment system, (grandkids love to ride with us), folding running boards, adjustable pedals and memory seats. Storage bins in the rear are very convenient. Tows like a dream. The backup camera and sensors are a must!

Comfort

Love the Rocky Ridge customization package w/ 22" Incubus wheels! XM Satellite radio (Hair Nation, Boneyard, etc!), White Diamond paint with lt Cashmere int, safety features (side airbags, etc.), 87 octane, smooth ride (like a nice yacht), covered rear bed, side storage, turning radius is excellent

Navigation, DVD, Rear Assist Camera, Large Power Mirrors, Heated Seats, Power Retractable Steps, Driver Memory Seats

Nav system, rear camera, engine power, heated washer fluid, rain sensing wipers, Bose radio.

I like the remote start on the cold mornings. The heat is on when you're ready to go and I can't say enough about the cabin comfort and the remarkable seating.

The engine is strong and gets decent mileage, the ride is quiet and smooth, the seats are comfy on long rides, and the tailgate locks.

Steering wheel controls, excellent satellite radio reception, bed flexibility, rear vents, electronic 4wd engagement.

Super comfortable seats, powerful engine, good MPG, covered bed and the sound of the motor.

Remote start, LTZ options, gorgeous design, comfortable ride, locking gate. 

Fold down seats that allow for modularity with bed. Side tool boxes. Interior design.

Written by: 

Super comfy seats! Innovative midgate. Back-up camera, NAV, Bose Audio, Rear seat DVD keeps the kids quiet on long trips! Power fold-in mirrors. 

Best seats I have ever sat in. Auto 4wd is excellent in winter weather we have had. Very impressed with highway mileage - pushing 20-21 if I drive 60- 65mph. Weathertight bed has been great.

DVD, OnStar, navigation, heated seats, turning on vehicle while inside (cold days especially)

Heated seats turn on with autostart in cold weather. Air conditioning turns on in hot weather in autostart mode. You know the psi of each tire. You can adjust all the light timing and chimes.

Heated windshield wiper fluid. Great sound Bose stereo with sub woofer. Heated seats come on in cold weather when you used the remote start. Two ways to navigate, OnStar and DVD, Midgate. Manners while towing. Very smooth cruise control. Rear side storage lockers. Everything! 

Big, comfortable ride! This is a Cadillac with a Chevy badge. Excellent 4x4 will get you out of anything. Reliability. Beautiful appearance. Spacious for you and guests. Memory automatic features. Gigantic trunk! Rear cover keeps your stuff out of the rain and dust.

I like the look, like the comfotable interior, and love the versatility.

Rear-view camera & back-up assist feature, navigation system, Bose sound system, heated mirrors & wiper fluid, remote start. I love everything! I really love the fact that the bed is covered--and that it locks! That is so convenient. I also love the OnStar system and the hands-free phone feature

Just about everything!

Locking side storage bins on the bed, locking tailgate, ease of converting to a full bed, back up camera, rear entertaiment system allows you to watch movies in the front when truck is in park, remote start keeps temp at 72 in winter and summer, side airbags, mesh grille, auto sunroof, takes E85 fuel

Remote start, side air bags, back-up assist, leather seats, XM radio, sunroof

NAV, XM, DVD, remote start, car-like ride, rear-view camera, 20" chrome wheels, midgate, brute force power but a dream to drive!



LTZ package, rear back-up camera, Bose stereo, navagation system, excellent ride for a "truck"

Midgate, OnStar and the ability to use it like a truck.

Midgate: no one else has this in a full-size pickup except the Cadillac EXT, which is the Avalanche LTZ w/ a slightly different body, no 4x4 & $10k more. Generous front cabin, big covered rear bed, smooth handling, spacious tool compartments, OnStar! they e-mail reports! Elec folding mirrors.

Sat system, Bose sound system, rear seat entertainment system, the navagation system, chrome exhaust, cold air induction

Auto ride suspension, versatility, comfort of heated leather seats. Gas mileage has increased to 17.5 over my old one of 15.5. 

Interior design, all controls are easy to access. Storage compartment in center is huge.

Warranty, classy exterior design, gorgeous interior, backup camera and sensor, crash rating, comfortable and roomy both up front and in the rear. Love the way you can drive around with the rear window out if you want. Lots of storage and the bed is actually over 4x8 feet for lots of toys or lumber

Subtle changes-exterior, chrome door handles, mid point chrome below grille, moving the Z71 to the pillar.

