Hemi

Hemi power, interior room, ride.

I think the truck itself is beautiful - I love the exterior. It seems to ride smoother once it's broken in.

Inside and outside features are great. Have a stainless steel brushguard and steps, and looks great. Interior setup is great. Sound system from the factory is great. Just love my beast of a truck.

HEMI v8, back seat room, overall ride quality and handling

Shows satisfaction or dissatisfaction with the product and gives more insight on the problems others are having.

Size and looks

Step Up rails, plenty of cabin room and the Sirius radio.

Love the Hemi just a great truck

Engine power, pulling ability.

Big truck ride with plenty of power to spare!

POWER!!! The Hemi has plenty. The riding height on the 4X4 with 20" wheels gives a great view of the road and traffic. My wife doesn't like climbing up (she short), but I don't want stepbars on it. I also LOVE the exhaust sound when you decide to open up the throttle, like entering the highway.

Lifetime Warranty, hemi power, the harder seats (I hate when the seats are too soft).

The lease is the thing I like the most, because when it's up I can give the piece of junk back.

V8, power sliding window, exterior appearance.

Total abandonment,customer service line that is anything but, they listen, then say we will call you back. I am forwarding on to a "supervisor.

Hemi engine. Big Horn package. U-Connect system, aggressive styling, power adjustable pedals, and the towing. 

Rear power sliding window, Sirius radio, 20" tires, chrome

Hemi, tight turning radius, Sirius radio, heavy duty cooling package

20" rims look great with the black pearl on this truck. Factory billet grille. Loads of power for being a 4.7L but 310 hp. 

Lift up rear seat, Sirius radio. Overall exterior looks.

Power. Remote start. Cornering stability. Chrome package.

Hemi engine, chrome 20 inch wheels, keyless entry, Sirius radio, two tone paint, bedliner, lifetime power train warranty. 

Hemi, remote starter, flat cargo floor option, storage consoles

The whole package is great. 

Comfortable interior, can seat 4 full size adults, MPG not bad. Could not beat the price. Electric sliding rear window. Ground Clearance. 310 HP with the 4.7 liter. Lifetime power train warranty.

I love the style and the interior, and it feels solid 

Comfortable interior. Good ride. Price, at 10 K off MSRP, no one else was close.

Fuel Mileage is great for a vehicle this size and weight. Interior is roomy, drives great, looks great.

Cheap!! You can't find anything in the used market even close to this!! Lifetime warranty. Basic transportation.

Wide seats and arm rests. Seems larger than competitive models.

Sirius radio, on the fly 4WD, rear sliding window

Uconnect Bluetooth, rear sliding window, 20" Rims, Hemi Power, and the Black Color. 

Bumper to bumper warranty for the entire life of the truck! Ride is smooth and quiet, and so spacious!

6 speed manual, 4x4, 310 hp

5.7L engine. Roomy quad cab. 

Really like the Sirius Satellite Radio (free for 1 year). Chrome pkg is real nice. It goes well with the Cool Vanilla color. Plenty of room in the front for a guy whom is 6'2" and 300 lbs. 

The 375 Lbs-Ft of torque! Payload and stereo system.

The truck looks great and the ride is very comfortable. Control layout is very convenient. Love the Hemi.

Leather Interior, quiet ride, heated seats



Comfortable ride and Hemi engine.

My favorite feature on the truck is the fact that it is as plain as one can be and still is comfortable. I love the look and ride of the truck and the 6 speed manual tranny. 

It drives nice! Looks Great!

Dodge styling inside and outside they look sharp. Hemi 5.7 power plant, satellite radio, storage bin behind seats on regular cab.

Hemi Hemi Hemi. What an engine. What a sound. Beautiful exterior. Cup holders are nice in the front. Sirius radio built in with 1 year subscription. LIFE TIME DRIVE TRAIN WARRANTY! My dealership also gives free lifetime oil changes. Mileage is good for a truck with so much power.

Body style

I love the truck's looks, it has lots of space inside. Back seats are comfortable, but if you want the ultimate comfort go for the MEGA. Lots of power coming out of the HEMI. Don't expect a race truck with the HEMI but its got power. 

Flex fuel, powerful 4.7L, smooth strong automatic transmission

I love the looks and that I can fit my family of 6 in it if I have to.

Dodge trucks have cost me about half in annual repair costs compared to Chevrolet of equivalent build and service. Cummins economy is 19 mpg- 22mpg hwy about the same as duramax depending on temerature outside. Mega cab room is miles ahead of competition. Ride is great with about 600-700lbs in back

The standard cab has plently of usable space behind the seat. The six speed manual is a great feature that allows for improved fuel economy. Pleanty of cup holders and large door pockets allow for additional storage space.

Laramie model has all the bells and whistles. Very comfortable for the whole family.

Hemi engine and lifetime warranty.

Heated seats, warranty and styling

The new 310HP motor. I love all the room behind the seats after getting rid of my 06 GMC Crew lifted 35". This truck is so much more fun to drive. 

Hemi

