Sun tanning my head through my thinning hair. The awesome sound system. BLIS is bliss. The comfortable front seats.



The DynAudio stereo is great! Even with the top down you can hear and enjoy the music. With the top up the car is very quiet and the stereo sounds even better. 



The transformer-like retractable hard top. The wood console. The Dynoaudio stereo system. The premium leather, heated seats.

Beautiful styling with the top up or down.

Every angle inside and out - one of the most beautiful cars on the road - understated elegance. And don't forget looks from other drivers.

Roomy, stylish, and comfortable.

Car has honestly delivered 21 MPG city; 32+ MPG highway at 55 - 60 MPH. Edgy body styling, ergonomic driver/passenger design elements, and premium sound system are great. Very quiet ride with top up. 



The hardtop convertible.

Love the fact that it was a hard top. Also, that you can listen to your ipod.

Hard top convertible. Dynaudio stero rocks.

Stereo. Did not get $1,500 upgrade. The standard audio is excellent. Fit and finish, especially the textured plastics used. Interior design simplicity aesthetically pleasing. Like Sirius radio as well. Love folding hardtop. Down or up lines are great. Don't know how engineers and designers did that.

Styling, seats, leg room and trunk space. Fun to drive. Wish the spouse could drive a stick!

Roof, dynaudio, back up warning, trunk size, leather upgrade

Sweet shifting 6 speed. Smooth top opration and super dynasound. The side vehicle warning system is a must. No more blind spots.

Quiet, powerful engine. Dynaudio sound system is excellent. Very comfortable seats. Hard top is very designed.

Hard top, interior, styling

You must get the Dynaudio system! The 14 speaker system provides flawless sound when you have the top down for not only the people in the front but also the back. Keyless entry/drive is also cool but it does take a little getting used to. The thin center console with the storage area behind.

I didn't get all the "bells&whistles" but the simplist version is all you need. (automatic geartronic&premium pkg). Stereo is great. Love the dual temp control, the car is simply a head turner and rides so smooth. I was the most impressed with the safety features.

Upgraded sound system seat comfort, back seat room and trunk space

Sound system, climate package and the seats

The hard top convertible

Mechanical top, dynasound system.

