Very comfortable cabin. A pleasure to drive.

Every thing

Style - comfort - performance - interior room.

361 HP; Handling; 4-Doors (It's my 4- door Corvette!); Styling. 

Same favorite features as I have always said about the G8 GT. It is a kicking performance car that if you don't want a luxo car is the best you can buy.

6.0L of American small-block Rear-wheel drive Excellent sport-mode for the automatic Limited-slip differential Large and well-done interior Good looking and aggressive without being garish

fast engine , excellent brakes, very roomy and good gas consumption for v-8

handling and styling of car. Safety!!

Watching BMW's disappear quickly.

The pedal under my right foot 

Power steers around corners thanks too 370 hp and rwd...Sound system is awesome! Car is comfortable/ fast & fun

Power and Look of Car

Power!! Sharp handling and superb interior and seats.

The premium stereo absolutely rocks Onstar for one year

Body Style

Performance is quite strong. Good leg room. Great trunk. Visuals are upscale. Interior very quiet. Tight handling. Good stereo. Good headlamp combo.

Acceleration... great V8, handling, interior fit, soft leather seats hug nicely, 6-speed shifts great... it doesn't need the tiptronic., rear wheel drive... The exterior design is the best in its class by far. Just the look of the car along w/ the performance makes me forget about wanting a BMW



Looks nice from the out side.

361 hp, remote start, tire pressure monitoring, audio system.

V8 Engine

Torque, seat/steering wheel adjustability, great stereo, seats designed for beef eating americans, rear legroom, ergonomics, aggressively understated exterior design (thank God they left off the horrible plastic side add ons of Pontiac's past.

6.0 liter engine. CD player. 18 inch rims. And all that beautiful Chrome



6.0 Litre V8 pushing 361 hp; three shift modes seat warmers 

the Power, handling, room. Fuel mileage is good for a sedan with this much power. 

Power. Body style

This car isn't just quick and fast, for a 4000lb car it flat handles.

Acceleration, heated seats, and I actually like the window controls on the center console. I would recommend having it tuned to get the most out of the car.



Looks, power, size, rear legroom.

Extreme power

Some of the many, many things I like about the car are the road handling, the braking, the overall control given by rear wheel drive, the fuel mileage, the six speed automatic transmission, and of course, the acceleration when called upon.

New favorite features thanks to heavy snowfall and below freezing temps are remote start and heated seats. The pedal under my right foot is still my favorite feature.

Sound system. Loads of fun navigation system. Very cool! OnStar. Remote start (I use this often) sport drive. Really makes a difference!

Climate control, heated seats, power, handling.

New favorite feature. The awesome brakes. Instead of an OnStar instant crash response I got a awesome safe stop. This is not your daddy's Pontiac, it is a world class performance sedan at a bargain price.

Performance, comfortable seats, stereo, handling, looks (inside and out), it's hot what can I say. This permanently solves the "mid life crisis"!

Everything from the Red Dart on the grille to the Red Dart on the trunk lid and everything between them.

Everything about this car will be your favorite if you drive it, except the exhaust system.

Fuel economy, 6 speed auto, V8, Styling, Interior room, Interior Design, Low Cost, admiring stairs other give! I even like the 80's Atari style gauges, lets me know how many battery and oil I have, LOL!

the whole car. It is the super cure for late midlife crisis.

The powertrain and the exterior design. Flying past anyone you want!

Comfort, handling, Horse Power, and don't forget most powerful car under $30K. Pontiac still builds EXCITEMENT.

Performance, exterior design, standard remote start and traction/stability control.

V8, sound system, interior, looks from the neighbors when i redline the tach.

The whole car. 

Front and rear seat room, V6 puts out 100 more HP and better mileage than my 5.0 V8 Caprice, great looks.

power

No nonsense interior no frills, just straight up drivers machine. Horsepower. Styling. Handling is awesome.

Comfort, handling and performance.

the whole car 

Performance; Price and value; comfortable five passenger car in a pretty compact package

Power, suspension, audio, rear wheel drive

The muffler, the car, the power

The ride and feel, as if you are in a cockpit of sorts. 

Power, speed, looks, power, speed, looks, power, speed, etc.

Traction Control 6 Disc CD Changer Audio Jack (iPod) Manual/SportShift 361 Horsepower, 385 Torque Dual-Dual Exhaust

V8 Rear wheel drive standard premium audio system in the GT 

V8 Engine

Performance, appearance (Ignition Orange), comfortable seats, stereo, excitability!

6.0 litre V8 and 6 speed automatic

Still the pedal under the right foot. The G8 GT delivers just what Pontiac says it will in MPG.. Mine is right at 16 city, 24 Hwy.

Exterior and performance

Ride and handling, seats, visibility and exterior looks.

the engine mated with the six speed tranny

Driving and handling is fun. The look is very European. Good work Pontiac.

Acceleration. braking. interior room. 6 speed auto. trunk space. price. 

acceleration, braking, interior room

My favorite things start at the front bumper and end at the rear bumper. I love it all 

#1 favorite feature is the 6.0 Corvette inspired V8, and 6 speed transmission. #2 the seats support and comfort #3 The 6 CD changer stereo system 

The engine and drivetrain are top notch. Fit and finish are well above typical GM cars, except maybe the CTS.

Exterior looks, response, power. Windows and locks buttons on center console; flip key.

A lot of things, space, styling, performance. Can't of think of too much I don't like. 

It's looks killer. transmission is great. seating and interior comfort are off the hook. engine is a nuclear bomb. the car just wants to go.

Where to start? The Blaupunk stereo is awesome. The seats are some of the most comfortable I have set in. My favorite feature is the pedal on the left that when you slam it to the floor puts you back in the seat.

Seat support, stereo, Good tilt and telescopic wheel, huge fan capacity on the A/C, great looks. Bat Out of Hell Motor. I think the seats are what sold me. #587

Styling, ride comfort and excellent handling, supportive seats, interior roominess, plenty of power even with the V6, muted but sporty exhaust note, remote start, aggressive look.

My favorite feature is the 6.0 v8 it delivers plenty of power. Also the flex fuel system that allows the car to run on 4cyl under light loads helps with gas these days. 

I love the heated seats and red leather, the stock V8 is incredible, I actually got 31.6 miles to a gallon on a trip to NY last week! Incredible!



Performance, handling and ride comfort in that order. Fit and finish are go to. If this is typical GM they have learned their lesson

I actually like the switches in the center because i am right-handed. This car is also a BARGAIN!

performance/style/quality build/and that horsepower and torque

Seats, power, remote start, lots of room in back in and trunk.

Performance, size and style

Comfortable seats, large trunk, engine and power is great. Design.

V-8 with 361 HP tops the Fav list. Agile, responsive handling ranks a close second. This is a car that begs to be driven and yearns for the open road.

Looks. Remote start. Heated seats. Dual exhaust. 



Love the motor.

361 HP V8

Handling, ride and exterior styling are fantastic! The car just oozes appeal. The fenders are intoxicatingly gorgeous. Seats are better than any other I've sat in.

Ratchet shifter; looks; ride; handling; incredibly quiet even with windows down and sunroof open (wife's van gives you a headache with any outside air coming in); power

BMW front-end look; finally good looking wheels!; Flip key.

Power power and more power on demand sport handling that allows you to become one with the road

Power, Body Style, Gas mileage. Everything about the car is FANTASTIC! 

Torque. Design. Handling..quality..value

Engine, performance, gear box (I know it's an auto but can get tiring with a manual around town and there is the option of manual shift). Excellent seating position

Acceleration, braking and cornering. Comfortable supportive leather seats w/heat. Large trunk and a sunroof that slides into the headliner. Fantastic sound system, and of course, that awesome front end look.

Performance & handling

The Jog dial to scroll through the screens, Sunroof, TONS of space, remote start, flip out key, smooth power application, Telescopic and Vertical steering wheel adjustments (That should help Lloyd with his hand placements - plus he could always increase the intensity using the + - buttons also)

I love the interior and interior features of this car. From the display screen to the heated seats and did I mention the automatic engine start. Comes in Handy when you have a cold natured wife and kids to get ready in the mornings. Also the trunk is huge as well. Will definitely help come vacation time

power, style, cost

