Very comfortable to drive and plenty of power.

Temp. gauge for outside temp. Lights turning off with engine turning off. Maintenance light for oil change.

Fun to drive and decent fuel mileage. Lots of interior room for a smaller truck. The truck won't last though. 

Tons of power. Roomy interior. Composite bed liner (seems like plastic but it's supposedly stronger than steel). Bed storage for ropes. Adjustable tie down cleats. Storage under rear seats. Looks great! Fun to drive! Safety features standard, like ABS and stability assist. 

Engine. I love this engine. Great torque.

-The Biggg 4.0L V6, lots of power! -In my opinion, this truck is overpowered -Stock radio and speakers sound nice, compared to the ones in my old RAM.

Interior layout and seats. Gas mileage. Toyota reliability and resale. Brakes. The 5 speed manual is smooth as silk. The SR 5 package adds some nice touches

Comfortable ride.

Roomy interior for 5. Well equipped and lots of options and accessories.

The simplicity. An automatic to appease my wife, A/C because I live in S.W. FL. and a bedliner. It's all I wanted, I'll run this into the ground. The less electronic stuff to go wrong later the better. I need to add that I am 6"4 at 265lbs and I fit beautifully.... comfortable interior.

Best looking "compact" truck. Feels very safe on the road. Well designed roomy interior. Two adults comfortable in back. Decent mileage. Great acceleration. It's a Toyota- know it's going to last and last.

I like the smooth ride and the supposedly reliability factor that comes with the brand.

V-6, smooth ride, rides higher off the ground than most small pick-ups

4x4, TRD off-road, clearance, payload, reliable, comfortable seats, roomy backseat, cargo room when back seats are folded flat (perfect for a dog crate).

Roomy interior, comfortable ride, powerful.

Reputation, reliability, looks, power.

Rides very smooth, lots of power. The Limited slip diff is great fun.

All of the storage built into truck. Like the power of v6 engine.

Lots of space in the cabin.

Towing package, composite bed, and excellent ride on and off road.

Bed extender. Movable bed tie downs. Composite bed. Auto dimming mirror (opt). 28 mpg hwy! A lot of storage space in the cab.

I enjoy the firm Sport suspension, the convenient storage compartments, the V-6 power and the overall appearance. The interior colors are well coordinated and instruments easy to read.

Exterior styling. Steering wheel controls. Seat comfort. Toyota maintenance plan (free maintenance and car wash). Easy acceleration, and nice kick when you need it on the highway. Driving 80 feels like 40 or 50. Easy to get a feel for the truck. Great cruise control.

Ride & handling both very good; bench seat is okay, gas mileage okay; build quality great; good both as highway and off-road rig and maintenance is a snap!

4x4, 6spd, ac, seats are comfortable. This is my second review. Wanted to up date every one on the whole clutch situation.

The gas mileage is excellent for a vehicle of this size. The 6'1" bed is important to me as I sleep there camping and on long trips. Most other small pickups have beds an inch or two shorter which is real important if you want to sleep back there.

The cabin design, interior comfort features and a rugged body style. It is TRUCK TIME.

Exterior is great looking, and love 110 hook-up in bed. Storage in bed and behind rear seats is nice extra.

Maneuverability. Fuel mileage

Great radio with good reception. Exc paint quality. 3 frt console cup holders. Slick shifter. Extendable sun visors. rear cabin access doors. Rear & side rear tinted windows. Quality feel to most components. Fuel mileage 25 avg. Smooth ride for a truck. Interior items made of good quality material.

A real truck that doesn't drive like one. Great power for a V6! Roomy interior (I have the "Access Cab" model) with comfortable seats (I have the "SR5" with option package #2). 

Interlock rear axle. Big back seat. Good gas mileage 18 city 23 hwy.

SR5 package. I drove a base model, and the SR5 just feels better. I don't really have a valid explanation for it. I love the Sand color and the beige inside. It's not real common, but looks great.

Good ride. Great V6 and auto transmission.

Comfort.

Excellent overall styling. The utility features of the bed alone are worth a look. Mini-truck performs quite well, better than expected. 4cyl engine is great, darn near as strong as my older v6. Surprised these regular cabs are not more popular. I smile every time I look at my new truck!

Mileage and the bigger gas tank ('90 was only 10g) allows you to buy at the cheaper stations when you can.The composite bed and cleat system. Plenty of room in the Access Cab to stow stuff with the flip down seats. Plenty of nice features with just the SR5 pkg.

Where to begin, I got the vehicle fully loaded. I love the look and feel of the steering wheel which is wrapped in leather, along with the shift knob. The convenience of being able to shift into 4 High up to 65 MPH is awesome. And the composite bed and cargo space inside and out is great. 

4x4 switch, radio controls on steering wheel, 6 speed reverse notification (beeps once when in gear as it is by first), cup holders! Storage behind and under the rear seats. Comfortable lumbar support for long drives as I have a bad back. 6 disc cd.

Composite bed, and all the storage options, lots of cupholders, fold down passenger seat that can be used like a desk or table. 

looks very nice

I like the hard plastic bed with the awesome cleat tie down system. The 5 spd automatic shifts very smoothly. Lot's of cupholders and storage space. The storage compartments under and behind the rear seats are a nice bonus. Great power and acceleration with the V6 engine.

Numerous cubby holes for storeage. CD player. Very roomy cab with the suicide doors. Temperature/direction guage is neat. Overall ride is alot smoother than my '93 SR5. I have the TRD Off Road/Tow package too, and have used the 4 wheel drive some without any problems. 

The exterior looks; they made it huge for a small sized truck! The 4x4 rocks, no hubs to turn on the outside (I guess that's been done away with for a while now). I wish they hadn't changed the front grill though, the older models look meaner from the front.

Exterior styling

Great lumbar support for my back issues, great 4x4, six speed manuals awesome for road trips, love the headrest.

Looks, ride height.

Nice manual transmission, V6, good ground clearance, excellent well-spaced layout under the hood

Good low rpms above 60 mph compared to my old V6. Great sound system for being a basic cd player. Big bed with liner. nice bucket seats, good room and interior design. 4cyl = fuel economy. Really like the transmission. The front design is great, looks tough.

Overall look of the exterior, engine power, four door access, built in bedliner, sliding rear window, 4x4 system, 5 speed auto trans, factory trailer hitch, engine immobilizer.

Locking diff., storage, tow package, upgraded shocks, power converter, cab room, bed liner, v-6, 6 speed man, low road noise, toyota reliability, upgraded seats w/off-road package.

great suspension and shocks. Make for great ride. 

Built in bedliner, comfortable ride.

Audio cantrols on steering wheel. Comfort on long trips. Dash is right there and easily accessed.

Suspension, fit and finish, innovated storage (including the bed), handling, comfortable upgraded seats! Dash, style!! Get the TRD offroad-it rocks!!! 

Great looks, rear locking diff, all the storage areas.

Ground clearance, interior size, body style, torque

Cab design, six speed, dash lay out and bed features as well steering wheel controls. Excited to try the electric outlet in the bed for home projects and for recreation.

Smooth engine, great 5 speed auto, good looks, lots of storage.

Smooth ride, great interior include bucket seats w/sports package. Radio/CD controls on steering wheel.

Excellent 4x2 to 4x4 switching. Exterior looks, interior layout, toyota quality & reliability, very quiet engine, overall fun to drive!

Looks; ground clearance; clear and functional interior without too many small buttons/knobs; storage under and behind the seats.

Sharp looks, very solid feel, quiet car-like ride, comfortable/suportive sport seats, large access doors, off-road performance, towing capacity, excellent heat & AC, rear AC power outlet, storage under rear seats, great floor mats with the TRD, and lots of cubby holes to store stuff in.

Appearance, build quality, surprisingly good gas mileage, comfort, handling and suspension, smooth V-6.

Leg room, interior space, cab design and layout, instuments and gauges. Toyota quality. 

Powerful V6, smooth ride, the fact it is a Toyota.

Quiet ride for a truck. Fit and finish are exceptional. 4 Cyl 2.7l performs well.

The access doors. The solid functional truck that has a good appearance without costing an arm and a leg at the gas pumps. Maybe a leg.

Excellent in all areas.

Toyota build quality. Decent gas mileage. Comfortable enough and handles well on long trips and does very well in 4-sheel drive.

I like the functional simplicity of this truck. It's the base 4 X 4, but it has AC, CD, adjustable steering wheel, etc. I don't need extra space or all the "bells and whistles," just a truck that will do what I want it to do for a long time. I have it!



Great looks, solid feel, Toyota reliability.

Love the access cab, tilt/telescoping steering wheel.

The Tacoma is the truck everyone you pass stares at and thinks, "Yeah, I shoulda bought one of those." A real bonus is the adjustable track mounted tie down cleats in the bed. Absolutely brilliant! It screams "class!"

The way it drives.

Comfortable, roomy, engine power, composite bedliner and reliable Toyota quality.

It's really fast and the MPG is great.



6 disc changer, comfy seats, power, too many more to count.

The way it looks. New dash with upgraded interior.

I like the composite bed, Chevy used to have it as an option, but canned it. I like the tie down system, extra storage pockets, and AC outlet. 

Reliability, inexpensive, good looks, strong performance, and very comfortable, will haul 1,000 pounds without a problem, and the composite inner bed.

