Sweet interior, 4 wheel drive, 6 disk changer, MP3 campatability, iPod input, pulling power.

4x4, Huge Console, Line in, road noise quiet in the cab, Steering wheel controls

The interior, the body style, rear camera, backup sensors.

The 4.2L engine and 5 spd manual are awesome, with 9,000 miles on it I drove to Wisconsin from North Carolina and averaged 19.6 mpg at 70-80mph. With a 1200 lb load I averaged 18.6 mpg at 70-80 mph on the flat and 17.6 on the WV turnpike. Same speed. I can control the rpms which helps the mpg a lot.

Style, color and interior space.

NO problems yet!! Drives great, Looks same, Pulls the trailer just fine. Interior is basic but nice. Lots of storage behind seats. ( I put bins there) 

Love the looks of the truck..

4x4, limited slip rearend, ride quality on road, interior room, and last its a ford

The room inside the cabin, sitting up high again and the quality of the fit and finish. The back up camera is excellent

The stereo is excellent. The buttons on the steering wheel, dash, and drivers seat are all the most drive- friendly yet on a ford vehicle. You don't have to 'look' to push. 

FX4 Off Road features, heavy duty box frame, and body colored steel bumpers.

Plush leather heated seats, wood grain dash, sunroof, steering wheel audio, heat and A/C controls. Sound system is great and the back up camera is great for my wife! Help to keep the bumper straight!

Steady ride and steering.

The chrome package makes the truck look great inside and out. Having the crew cab has been helpful, especially with the kids. Love the look and styling.

Power, throttle response, exceptional interior styling and comfort, very quiet cabin, solid build quality, back-up camera with trailer hitch line-up is great, memory/heated seats, air/radio controls on steering wheel.

Strong reliable drivetrain that doesnt miss a beat. Very comfortable seats. Big center console, even with column shifter and buckets. Decent fuel economy and great hauling capability. Auxilary input from the factory. 

Nav, heated seats, remote start, folding mirrors, moon roof, electric sliding rear window, king ranch leather!

20" wheels, smooth quiet ride, audiophile stereo, captains chair, overall look, very aggressive loking.

Interior design and comfort. Build quality. Very quiet ride, very smooth, excellent handling 

The crew cab has folding rear seats that allow easy access when the owner loads the "flat" interior floor area.

Pretty much everything. Especially the abundance of cup holders which is nice. I love the extra 12V ower outlets also very handy. 

Overall quality, gas mileage, I love roll down windows and no power this that and the other to break . Vinyl floor is easy to keep clean. V6 engine is tried and true technology that has a long history and leaves plenty of room under the hood. Ride quality is one of the best I have had in any vehicle

Cruise control is easy to use. Steering is tight and braking is good. Lights provide good view inside and out.

the small things that make driving comfortable.

Best features are navagation system; satelite radio; rear camera; power folding side mirrors

Very nice ride for commuting. Nice interior styling. 

King Ranch leather trim, 20" wheels, nav, folding mirrors, sunroof, Ford motors being easy to modify too.

V8, basic interior, indestructable

Audiophile system, rear camera, navigation

The interior

The self darkening mirror and the rather large tow mirrors. The mirrors basiclly give you no blind spots!

Color matching bumpers for STX model. Smooth ride. Cargo doors. 

Sirius radio, FX4 package, comfortable seating for 5

Quiet, spacious, and comfortable cab with nice looking seats. Pleasant driving experience. Huge and strong- looking structural members on underside of vehicle.

Seats, radio, wheels, running boards, satellite radio, ipod jack, moonroof, everything!

Like the trailer hitch having both connections. Love the back up camera makes backing up to the trailer much easier when alone, and parking a breeze. 

The back-up camera comes in handy constantly. The audiophile sound system has great sound quality. Heated seats are great on cold mornings. I love the power and bold stying of this truck too!

The fuel economy is not bad for a fairly heavy truck. Power is OK--not great. Seats are really nice, the King Ranch package is tough to beat. Neat features: back up camera and navigation/rear DVD make this a people hauler as well as a material hauler. Frame and build integrity are still tops.

Everything

Really impressed with the looks, load capability, and comfort levels. I also like the behind the seats tool storage bin, which is extraordinarily useful. 

White sand tricoat paint (looks great in the sun); audiophile sound system (rocks); Sat radio; rear view camera; remote start

Look of the truck, interior space is amazing. 

The size is perfect for me. The strong frame and overall construction is what I am most attracted to. Great for a family man's peace of mind. Low-end torque is the best in the business and plenty of horsepower for anyone who actually knows real-world trucks.

Looks and the height of the truck. sits very nice. Cabin space is great for a standard cab. 



Color, Nav/Stereo pkg, heated seats

4 X 4, satellite radio. 

Plenty of storage

Navigation, 22 inch wheels

Everything

The design

