Hard Top Convertible, Ease in driving, Heated seats, OnStar

The on-star integrated phone is cool, but can get annoying when ppl call you. It does have a lil bit of pick up too. 

speed and road handling

Kind of hard to have a favorite feature when you've had nothing but issues with the car. 

Its style. Love that it was designed by 6 women so it DOES look like a girlie car. Femenine and sporty looking at the same time.

Throttle responce, ride quality, styling, stereo.

The driving experience, the back seat room, the MPG Hell everything It has an 8 speaker system that is great...Do a car fax for prob. cars and you'll be amazed..

Roomy inside. Love the look when the top was down.

Great looking, spacious interior, reliable. Great fuel economy. Very drivable. 

Int. & Ext. design. Quick engine. monsoon sound system sounds like a custom system. Performance suspension. 

Heated leather seats, satellite radio, MP3 jack, remote start and overall looks

Looks great, top up or down. Smooth ride & handles decent. The stereo system is awesome. I like the steering wheel controls. A lot of fun watching the top go up & down (like an episode of "Transformers"). Remote start. Warranty (tow truck guy was super nice when my transmission left me stranded).

one button top up/down (no latches to pull); heated seats; onstar and xm radio; tilting and telescoping steering wheel; adjustable foot pedals; steering wheel mounted radio and cruise controls; lighted controls. 

steering pops when driving (Hmmm this is a hard one. they had my car for 8hours and it was like they did not do anything to fix it. they told me they can still hear it but.. they did nothing to fix it. Well the more times its in the shop the less miles you put on it. That is my favorite feature. 



Size of car, interior room, adequate power, highway fuel mileage.

The sunroof is great. One touch back and there is minimal road noise. Plus it looks great on the outside with it up. The suspension on this car is OUTSTANDING compared to past vehicles. The independent rear makes this car handle better than the smaller/lighter Cobalt/G5.

About the only thing that I can say that is positive about the vehicle is that it handles very well on the highway

The dash, the V6, the get up and go! 



#1 feature: Torque on the V6. When it kicks down to pass (even just into the upper 2000's rpm range) you feel it. Also remote start, steering wheel controls, stereo aux input, extra power plug between seats in the console.

Two-tone leather seats, chrome wheels and hardtop convertible

Retractable hardtop, heated leather seats, Diamond White paint, 6 CD changer

Seats! Paint job - 3 layers, clear coat white diamond. Nice interior. Quiet with no rattles or wind noise. Handles well with sport suspension. Excellent sound system.

Comfortable interior. Handles pretty good. Very Good mpg. Good overall design. Good looking car.

Hands free phone. Heated seats, monsoon stereo is excellent.

Sporty driving feel, unquestioning acceleration, stunning styling & profile.

Top of course, styling including interior

Where to start..I love my ebony interior (i had beige in my last car), I love the 6 CD changer, the starter, sun roof. I love how it drives and the steering is tight.

The retractable hardtop, duh! XM Radio and ONStar. Gauge cluster and cockpit layout. Lots of little cubbyholes for stowing "stuff" in the cockpit.

Onstar, great sound system, comfortable ride, sun roof, large trunk space, great color.



The interior is for most part great. The bolsters on the seats could be a little larger and give the lower back of the seat a small arch in it. The dead pedal definitely needs improvement. But all in all, the interior is actually one of the best GM has put in there midsize cars, I think.

The remote car starter is awesome. The red lighting to the instrument panel at night is very cool. It can get 31 mpg highway if you know how to drive. 6-disc CD player. Controls on the steering wheel. The car tells you your current gas mileage and even the tire pressure. Onstar can make phone calls.

Onstar, smooth ride, good brakes, good with gas i just try to coast when im getting a red light)the exterior looks bad nice and shiny with metallic i have a midnight blue so it looks bad...

Naturally, folding hardtop, combined with sleek styling. Very comfortable, spacious front leather seats. XM radio, On*Star, and driver information center. Heated seats. Wide, 18" tires. Stabilitrak. 

3.5 L V6, chrome trimmings and leather wrapped steering wheel, sporty factory styling. 



automatic and semi automatic shift, easy to handle and control

I love the OnStar, traveling sometimes without cell service can be really scary, but with the OnStar calling option, it puts my mind at ease. I love the chrome gauges, and the room. I love the power pedals, they work great when your only 5ft tall like me, it makes you far away from the air bags.

252 horsepower, heated seats, XM satellite radio, aux jack for iPod connectivity, street edition body style, sunroof, keyless start, adjustable pedals, steering wheel audio controls, comfortable ride, tight steering, nice sound for being factory speakers

Folding hardtop, handling, ride, looks (especially with the chrome package).

Sunroof, Sound system, XM, Onstar, Aux, Leather seats. heated seats, remote start. 

acceleration, instrument cluster, sunroof, body style and appearance and legroom.

I love the On Star and c/d player with a fairly good sounding speaker system. The seats are comfy too.

Push button convertible top. It's so easy.

Wide door openings

trading the g6 in for the Honda...

AUX MP3 port, Red sport lighting at night, chrome shifter, and the gauges

I love the way it drives and style is gives even though its a sedan it still offers some sportiness to it!

Smooth transmission, great pickup when you need it, easy to find everything with a true cockpit feel. Fuel economy is great on the freeway, and needs a bit more improvement in city driving. There is more than enough leg room in the back seat for full size passengers.

iPod jack, remote start, and the diagnostic display through the radio

Sunroof is great for cool weather. The heated seats are perfect for the cold. A/C is freezing.

I love the comfort of the driver's seat. This car is an absolute joy to drive!

MP3 jack, nice interior cloth, comfortable, and nice feel to all of the buttons. Also, OnStar is nice, but only while it's free.

I love the steptronic transmission the most. It's nice to shift it the way i want to when i want to, or just sit back and let it perform on it's own.

The heated leather seats and stereo system are great. The V6 power and stability control can handle a lot of situations. 

Massive trunk, price, value leader has all the latest safety equipment, and car is easy on the eyes. Car is much larger inside, especially in rear seat room, than you would expect.

XM radio, OnStar, remote start, wood grain and chrome interior accents, large trunk and sunroof.

Powerful and quiet 2.4L 4 cylinder engine had the power and performance of a small V6. Ride and handling is excellent and performance oriented. Onstar features, phone and Driver information center are fun features. The value is unbeatable, especially with the $3,000 rebates and deep dealer discounts

Ease & speed of convertible top retraction, monsoon sound, styling.

Exterior style, roomy interior(doesn't fell like a small car), XM radio, great gas mileage for size and engine size

Stereo system, exterior, magnificent price

The Monsoon stereo w/XM is awesome, six speed auto w/manual shift

On board diagnostics in radio, OnStar

1. Hardtop Convertible, of course why else would I have bought it. 2. Aux Input 3. General Style and Appeal 4. Automatic Car Start

The folding hardtop convertable roof, of course. I also like the red lighting of the instrument panel. The car is comfortable and sporty. Handling is well controlled and the car is fun to drive. We really like this car a lot. 

The whole package!

Strong performing 4 cylinder, smooth transmission. Handles very well. Exterior styling looks sporty for a family car.

It is simply fun to drive, for a four cylinder it is very peppy, passes great, sound system is awesome, runs quiet, and the ride is smooth and responsive. My last car cost 25,000 and did not have some of the features this car has (on star) extensive info center (ask your dealer about this)G6 Rocks

My favorite features are the heated seats, and remote start.I live in Ohio! I also really like having the sense of security with the OnStar package. I must admit, my all time favorite feature is the convertible top. Just push a button and the trunk opens up and in goes the top! Just like the movies!

Street Edition package gets all the looks. People aren't familiar with the car. Great pick up. Comfortable to drive. Power adjustable pedal! (im only 5'2")

Stereo, remote start, OnStar, phone, driver information center. 

Smooth shifting transmission, Powerful V6 engine, Two-tone bolstered front seats. Very well appointed interior features and appointments. Folding rear seats allow for tremendous cargo carrying capacity. Black Chrometech wheels with 18" tires.

Mines loaded, I love all the features. Supportive seats, great looks, great power train, quiet interior, and great sound system. There's nothing not to like.

Has to be the 252 HP V6 with the smooth shifting 6 speed Automatic with manual shift mode. I've been in the 2008 Altima coupe and the ride is not nearly as refined as this G6. 

Comfort, exterior design

The OnStar features and the driver info center with the tire pressure and oil life.

Tire pressure information on driver information center. Easy to read gauges with cool red backlighting. Roomy. Sporty interior.

OnStar with built in hands free phone, 4wheel disk anti-lock brakes,red night time illumination of all guages and window switches.

