I like the easy to clean seat covers.

The good feature is the front left driver side door. You will need a key to lock the door from outside it will not lock from inside.

Mileage - inexpensive

Comfy seats have taken a 7 hr trip and was pleasantly surprised that I did not have a sore butt after the trip. Love the smoothness of the stick shift. And the fact that I have to use key to lock the driver door is great, haven't locked my keys in the car once.

Great gas mileage, very comfortable (I'm 6', 245 lbs.), very solid, no rattles, original tires still good at 24,000 miles, very reliable, easy oil change, GET THE 5-SPEED and the car becomes FUN. The auto tranny slows response. Great headlights, tracks well, easy to maneuver.

the ick up speed is awesome

The back seats folding up against the front for extra room. The seats have scotch guard so spills are easy to clean. The gas mileage is great.

Glasses holder, Nice open dashboard.

The color, gas mileage, warranty, the brakes are good too...

Excellent warranty as far as the road side maintenance. 

Price. High sitting seats. Great lumbar support. Audio input jack.

Power windows, power locks, ABS, cruise control, alloy wheels, 6 speaker stereo with cd and mp3, OnStar. 

Peppy performance (but affects economy). Classy, roomy interior. Excellent seating. Great sound system. Roomy trunk. Includes "upscale" features (cabin filter, oil and tire monitoring systems). Dependable to date and virtually hassle-free. Excellent warranty includes 5 years road-side maintenance.

Easy handling, looks good, roomy

Mileage, great in snow, good power on highway

Purchase price, dependability, room.

The exterior looks, comfortable seats, decent trunk space, and the stero rocks!

I love the fact that the interior is so spacious. You do not feel like you are in a tiny car! Also love the split, fold down rear seats! Also like the fact that you have to use the key to lock the drivers side door! No locked keys in the car this way!

Price, can't beat this car for the money. Great gas mileage getting about 27 in the city. Surprisingly nice stereo. 5 speed is easy to drive with good clutch feel. Easy to fit into tight parking spots.

LT price, looks and mileage. Can get 4 avg size people in it.

Sunroof, chrome areas, has gusto for a little car but not as little as you would think! Stereo sound is great. premium seats are a definite must, and love the charcoal color interior. 

Great around town and not afraid of it on the highway. Nice trunk for lil' thing. Jack for my IPOD nice, too (Just got my first IPOD at 37 years old).

Appearance, reliability, gas mileage, handling and surprisingly peppy performance. I feel very confident driving this car and just love it!.

4 doors and covered rear hatch. Simple to operate sound system, good visibility and easy to park. Great gas economy and low purchase price.

Space. Price. MPGs. Looks. Practicality. Reliability.

Good front seats. Nice ride, fun to drive. Good fit. No leaks. No rattles or squeeks. Good tilt wheel. Real window defroster works good and fast. Nice fabric covering on seats. Good headlight, nice and bright. Smooth steering and handling. Very responsive for a small car. Good tight turning radius. 

MPG, price, room

Nicer on the pocket instead of paying $200 cdn to fill my truck up it only costs me $50 cdn. Save over $150 each trip! 

Large trunk

The way the interior controls are displayed. There's a place for everything and everything's in it's place. The aux audio jack is my favorite. I love to listen to my iPod! 

Comfortable seats and metallic black paint. The suspension is much better then the Hyundai and you don't feel every bump.

MP3/Au jack, color - Spicy Orange! Leg room, head room, every feature!

Interior head room, trunk space, tightness of the suspension, superior handling, fuel efficiency (we drive 120 miles a day round trip and are definitely seeing an average of about 32 mpg) and overall appearance.

Comfort, mileage, quality of it for cost.

Yellow exterior stands out and looks good - I wanted the copper color but they don't produce many of those so I had to settle for yellow. I like the hatchback - plenty of head and leg room in front, although not much cargo capacity. Car drives well out on the road, but has poor control in cornering

Wipe clean interior

Very comfortable, quiet ride; like much bigger car. Love the sunroof, love the cruise, good a/c, good stereo/CD/mp3. Nice, tight 5 spd manual. Reminds me of the MG Midget convertible I had in college. Loved that one, too. Nice bright blue. Euro styling draws interest. I look forward to driving again

Like the color. Is easy to drive.

Purchase price. Fuel mileage. Interior room. Engine power

Gas mileage and very nimble in driving

Looks inside and out, mileage, space for a small car. Value seem much more than it should for cost. 5 speed, and general lay out of car. 

The Aveo is large on the inside and has a high roof line so my head does not scrape the roof getting in and out. A switch can turn off inside lights even with door open. Great visibility, firm suspension, roll up windows, excellent stereo, top post battery. Simplicity at it's best and fun!

Great design. It has a nice sporty look. Very happy to have a MP3/Ipod jack & six speakers built in. Smooth ride, and a quiet engine. Great gas mileage! Great quality vehicle! 

Interior room, trunk I'm disabled and my Quickie 2 wheelchair fits behind the seat and in the trunk.

Gas mileage, room, comfort

The controls, body stylimg and great gas mileage

Room for size feels much bigger. Handles well and looks great. Last two tanks of gas over 40 miles to a gallon. In winter was getting 34 to 38. Car is now breaking in good.

Interior room, power locks/windows, and overall quality of the build.



Upgraded radio/CD/sound system is great. Leatherette interior is nice;should hold up according to other reviews I've read-would prefer black to the light tan, but not offered. Steering wheel controls nice, but not lit at night. Cost/warranty was unbelievable-couldn't buy a Harley for this price!

Price, interior room (And I'm 6'2"), fuel economy, rear defroster & wiper, Tire pressure monitoring system. Plus it's a cute little car (Sport Red)

Cost, mileage, apperance, overall build of car. Comfort is excellent for me. I am 6 feet 1/2 in. 260 lbs.

I like the hatchback feature with the folding rear seats. The heater puts oout hot air quickly and disperses it to the rear passenger area well. Rear wiper and defrost standard along with front and side airbags for driver and passenger. Gas savings the first month more than made my payment.

Tilt steering, driver side lumbar seat support, great styling (looks like the Scion XA), tire pressure monitoring system. Comfort, handling and acceleration was fine for me. You have to pace yourself. Its not a race car! The seats were very comfortable and the car has a great solid "large car" feel.

Everything

It's a manual, it's simple and not a bad or weird to look at. Suspension is soft and pot holes and bumpy roads are easy (big difference than Audi's sport susp + low profile 18"), plenty of storage and quite roomy. Heater is cappable.

Price. The driver side arm rest, clever feature for the commuter. Zippy, easy to drive and park. Fold down seats allows for more cargo room, nice. Rear window wiper blade, nice. Interior has been thought out nicely for such an inexpensive car. Very happy with it all around.

Interior, smooth ride, steering wheel stereo controls, lots of modern features, acceleration will catch people sleeping

The interior width side-to-side, and rear leg-room. Split fold-down rear seat. Tire low-pressure warning using radio telemetry. 4 doors for this price. A tachometer. The speedometer is in front of the driver (unlike Yaris). Side airbags. 

Room inside. More than the competition

