Mileage, comfort, ride and room.

Interior design is excellent, seats are comfy (leather), drive is smooth as can be, my MPG is better than the EPA estimates, feels like a luxury car, perfect city driver with the added room for my dog and carpool buddies

Comfortable seats, less noisy, smooth engine.

Large Nav/ backup screen. Comfortable seating position, and third row seat.

The hybrid system works well and the highway and flatland mileage is good. The third seat is clever and has come in handy while staying out of the way, much better than the Denali. Not an off-road rig, but then neither was the Yukon. Good turning radius and reasonable handling under geeser demands.

Ride, quietness, MPG, great looking SUV. Really good power with econo button off.

Comfortable, roomy, flexibility with 2nd-3rd rows, styling, power, fuel economy and reliability.

Towing package is standard. There is a small funnel mounted to the block under the oil filter, no mess oil change. Rear tires are electrically driven only, less mechanical drag on the system. During towing the CVT and hybrid system are incredibly smooth and peppy. 

Bluetooth, iPod aux, voice activated navigation w backup cam, tire pressure readings, mpg consumption, movable middle 2nd row seat, lots of space for backpacks in second row, 3rd row when needed for extra passengers, moon roof, headrest tv(s), smart key, good ground clearance, lumbar/ thigh support

Hybrid although a large capacity hybrid battery would allow for more electric travel. Keyless operation is wonderful. Backup camera

Smart Key is very impressive. Locking and unlocking are easy and quick as is the start up of the car. The key hasn't left my or my wife's pocket yet. The visual displays are informative and easy to understand. Sound quality on the JBL is better than expected. The quietness of the cabin is very good.

Highlander Hybrid's interior is about 1/3 less noise than BMW X5 and Porsche Cayenne. The second generation Synergy drive is really a technological marvel, it's so refined. VDIM definitely beats BMW's DSC; I've seen several videos on the web, it outperforms BMW X5 when racing on wet/ice surface.

Hybrid system, back-up camera, and it is very quiet. Averaging about 25 MPG highway and city combined.

Hybrid system, brakes, handling, fuel economy, fit and finish, technology.

Hybrid system, energy monitor, small LCD display features, 2nd row leg room, 2nd row captain's chair, 2nd row fore/aft adjustment and recline feature, 2nd/3rd row HVAC vents in ceiling, 

MPG, drivers seat thigh extension, secondary LCD screen, EV mode, captains chairs in 2nd row, full size spare, 2nd/3rd row HVAC vents in ceiling, reliability (I hope), power rear hatch, push button start

Hybrid technology (mileage), comfort, great seats for long drives, quality, durability, back gate opening and closing, roomier than our 2005 and good service,

Seating comfort, hybrid drive system, steering and handling.

Interior comfort and all around durability

Mileage, Blizzard Pearl color, ride quality.

Driving is extremely comfortable - quiet ride, very smooth, lots of room. 

Lots of room for a family of 4 plus all of the stuff. Mid row captain chairs with middle seat option is great. Like the fact that we have an available 3rd row of seats if needed. Auto lift gate, XM radio, ride, auto temperature, digital display status.

gas mileage

Popular Plus package with auto lift-gate and separate glass opening, auto temperature for front and second row seats, third row seating. The space is great!

Nav system, bluetooth, sunroof, watching the energy go from elec to gas and back, 12 cupholders and I LOVE the auto open/close hatchback

Very comfortable and spacious

Econ and ev mode. Back up camera standard. Easy access if you want to upgrade the lights. Technology. MPG for size of vehicle.

Ride, creature comforts, power and, of course, mpg!!

The EV Only button, larger navigation/system info screen and 19" wheels made the top of my favorites list.

Blue tooth, eco and ev mode, fuel ecomony monitoring, and navigation.

Performance and MPG makes for a perfectly balanced SUV.

Love the gas mileage we are getting with a high powered V6 (and still has get up and go). The navigation/Bluetooth, auto-lift gate, hybrid monitor, rear back up camera are all great features. I also enjoy the ease of lowering the middle row seats from the rear of the car

Semi fuel efficient for a mid-size SUV, third row seat, quality, ride, EV mode.

Storage and comfort combined with favorable mpg.

Bluetooth, fold down seats, voice recognition and JBL sound system.

Performance that almost perfectly balances responsible MPG and vehicle size.

EV only mode, AUX audio input/MP3 cd player, towing ability, very roomy interior (i'm 6'3"), multi-function display. Limited Edition is about 95% as nice as the Lexus 400h, at about 90% the price.

 I really like the bluetooth and nav.

The gas/electric meter.

Keyless entry, backup camera, EV and Econ mode, moonroof, power rear door, dvd. 

The display is really nice. I can tell exactly what's going on with the tire pressure, the engine(s), the back-up camera is there, the trip odometer, system functions, it's very cool :) 

Hybrid technology, comfort for long drives - especially seating, seating flexibility, respectable performance for 65+ year olds and hopefully Toyota trade-in value. The CVT gives the impression of better performance than the tests indicate. Very smooth.

Smart Key System. Multi-information display/ back-up camera. EV and Econ Mode. Blizzard pearl color. The exterior body. I love this SUV!

Smart Key, power rear door, back up camera without having to pay for the nav system. JBL stereo is great. Econ mode for the tranny is also a help. Very comfortable car, and the attention to detail is obvious.

Smooth ride, fuel economy, styling, space, digital/auto climate control, flexible use for rear space, and definitely the clear digital display that provides plenty of info about fuel economy/battery efficiency.

Nav/Bluetooth is awesome, also audio/video/110V outlet that comes with the rear-screen entertainment center, we can use our Tivo in the Highlander or bring along the WII.

Smooth quiet ride. Great sound system. GPS is wonderful. No beeping while backing up. Thank you Toyota.

Keyless entry & engine start. Backup camera.

Bluetooth, nav, sunroof, the entire car.

Voice command system allows control over all aspects of the electronics. JBL sounds system provides great sound to all types of music. Automatic headlight system ensures lights are on/off at appropriate times. Nav display screen is HUGE and bright. Many system display options all useful.

Love the comfort of the vehicle and the solid feel of the car. This is perfect for just my husband and me during the week, but has enough room for when our grandsons are with us on vacation. Gas mileage after 2 tanks is about 26 MPG. Power liftgate, stow and go seat.

Very realistic and comfortable third row seating. Blue tooth, navigation, dual climate control, dvd, jbl stereo, incredible acceleration out of a fuel efficient, all wheel drive, seven passenger SUV. System diagnostic check. Too many great features to list.

EV mode for stop & go traffic, captains chairs in 2nd row, bluetooth. Built in XM. Reg fuel, no premium needed 

Love the extra cup holders up front, bluetooth and power liftgate.

Third row of seats, rear glass opening, hybrid synergy drive, rear levers to lower second row seats, auxiliary jack to connect iPod to stereo, solidity.

Love the back up camera. Driver seating position is just about perfect with the power seat.

Econ mode hybrid function, navigation best factory system in the business, Bluetooth handsfree, seat configurations and ease of use.

Bluetooth, hybrid synergy drive, power liftgate, extendable thigh bolster on driver's seat, compass mirror, and Homelink!



