Spacious back area with fold flat seats, no stain fabric, easy to clean, tall clearance, subwoofer, smooth ride & handling, sweet cup holders.

safety and handling

The solid feel, the powerful engine, the rugged build and exterior styling. The way it handles off the road and the great reliability of a well built Toyota. I have had off road contest with a Jeep Rubicon and bested it every time.

Reliability, seat covers, plastic floor mats, high clearance, ride, steering.

Three wiper system, Total control over drive-train

Styling, reliability, safety rating, simplicity. Seats are very comfortable and entire interior can be hosed out - to a point. Really like the suicide rear doors. Styling looks like a two door, but has two "extra" doors. Very secure in the back-no need for child locks.

I'm not driving a "me too" vehicle. There are very few on the road compared to most autos. The power, nice stereo and I can plug in my iPhone and have my music where ever I go.

Off road capabilities, exterior design, interior functional design, engine power, and easy to clean flooring

Sits high up.

Off road capabilities, smooth ride, solid built, the way it feels. EVERYTHING.

Performance, pull off the shoulder of a highway and then back on. Keep it floored to about 80, it is scary (find an empty highway). I have the performance exhaust and cold air intake. It likes Premium but runs fine w/o it.

Great roof rack system with modular parts that are easy to adjust. Although the average sized woman will never be able to put a bike up there. It's very high and you can't use underground parking if you have any racks on it. Looks good... but it's a sheep in wolf's clothing. 

The drive the cool black color and the seats and of curse the comfortable space. Finally the reliability of Toyota. So far no car comes close to it.

Unreal off road performance. Good looks. I have the sand color and it turns heads. Good stereo, good lighting, inside and out. Easy to clean out. The cabin filter leaves the inside immaculate no matter how dusty the trail. The three wipers perform better than any vehicle I have owned.



The ability to fit all 3 of our kids in the rear seat with car seats and still have room. I love the sunfusion yellow and the TRD wheels with BFG T/A ko tires. The base stereo is pretty good with the addition of a sub and some speakers in the rear cargo area. That will surround you with sound.

Off road capability

Safety! I was rear ended pretty hard by a sedan, and the hitch absorbed all the impact. Fun factor, I love to drive around in it. It goes anywhere.

Ability to lock center and rear diff.

Everything!

I love the suicide doors, easy access. The stereo is great..it's neat how you can change the colours on the display panel. The interior is so easy to keep clean and the cargo area door lock feature (for wind) is awesome. I love the windshield washer vessel.. it's huge. My #1 is the Balanced Engine!!!

Rugged over all construction and easy maintenance, wall to wall rubber flooring a dream to campers and off roaders cleans up in a jiffy!

Stereo, 4x4, ground clearance, looks. 

MPG - 20+ and climbing

Engine operation and low end power. Although not used yet, rear locked will be put to the test this fall in Arizona, Sedona area.

Pull out your stuff, hose it down - inside and out. Now thats a real car wash!

I love the ground clearance, the off road tires the TRD exhaust, really just the whole concept of an off road vehicle .

Overall look and design, off road capabilities, fun to drive.

Love driving this vehicle. It's sound and has a very solid feel to it. 

Fun to drive. Shift action of the transmission when coupled with the TRD short shifter option. The TRD exhaust note is throaty & pleasing under throttle yet quiet while cruising. And my FJ just makes me smile.

Unique, comfortable, stylish, groovy man!

Front seats. Instrument panel. Radio system. 

Sheer armored-truck, chassis ruggedness. Astute performance, stainless sculptured shifters, dual-stage air filter, common sense oil filter placement, great audio from my iTunes, not embarrassing as a Hummer, sits high for great visibility, catches a lot of eyes, all white with all black accessories.

 Style, interior layout and interior room.

Two foot deep water?. Drive in!

Driving the FJ is my favorite feature hands down. And the looks you get from other people while driving the FJ is better than driving any sports car.

All around cool car. Backup sonar is great. Can't beat the styling. Lots of room in engine to get at parts. Oil filter location is great. Side visors nice addition. Haven't had any visibility problems. Windshield does catch lots of bugs though. Like the simplicity of interior, no carpet. 

Head room. Great style!

Everything.

My favorite feature is the true utility nature of this vehicle. Brought some wood home for the stove one day, wife and I were out running the roads the next. Cleans up real easy. Headlights and heater are great. Nothing is fancy. No bling. All controls are simple and easy to operate.

Smooth ride. Easy clean interior. Suicide doors/easy to get kids in back seat. Oil filter near top of engine! Powerful engine 5000lb towing capacity 

Radio with sub, great looks, and off road ability.

I live in CO so the heater is awesome. Also love stereo/subwoofer and the room in the back. Sun visors are great too! No carpet is the best idea ever in a 4wd.

Classic looks, stands out from the cookie cutter SUVs. Its a Toyota with the heritage of the original Land Cruiser. Seats with water resist fabric. Skip the carpet and get the serious rubber mats (you will not be disappointed). The feeling I get in the middle of no-where in total comfort. 

Goes every where up down across any terrain I have tried to go through. Is well suited for me, wife and 15 yr old son, grandkids like the up and down part. First time I've had a locker, great item. Music a must and comfortable seating if son sits behind wife. Very fun ride. 

Big buttons, control knobs and handles. Different looking than anything on/off the road. Plenty of power, supercharger is now available from TRD if not enough power. Interior floors can be washed out with a hose. Great stereo with subwoofer, mp3 port and 6 disk changer. Lots of accessories available.

Style & predict excellent resell value. Comfortable seat, roomy interior, smooth powertrain & excellent fit & finish. Great value. 

Knobs big, good with gloves on. Not fancy, just practical. Not a "soccer mom's" car (thank goodness), more of a "guy's toy" vehicle, although it's my one and only. No carpet to stain. Nice sound system/aux jack. Room for the grandkids, too. 

The capability, style, and uniqueness of this vehicle put it at the top of my list. Simple engine layout, easy access, and Toyota quality.

Excellent off road capabilities. Not a soccer mom SUV.

Style, simplicity, off-road ability yet refined ride on the highway.

No-nonsense interior, all very functional, very good factory stereo with sub-woofer.

