



I love the size of the vehicle, easy to see out of in all directions. The stereo is the best I have ever had in any vehicle and I have had 15-20. The mp3 plug in it is wonderful and it just adds to the great sound system when you play your mp3...it helps cover up the rattles. 

Aux. Jack Cargo space

4x4 wheel drive mp3 hook up



spacious, nice drive, color, fabric/interior.

Exterior, cruise control

Heated seats, stereo, turns on a dime 

The dual access lift gate. Open entire hatch or just the glass

Blue dash lights, Aux jack, driving position, new design.

Exterior and interior looks, satellite radio, 6 disc CD, wheels, running boards, ride, comfort, and gas mileage.

The manual transmission. It is getting harder to find SUVs with one and this is a must have feature for me. The Escape's manual transmission is smooth, easy to shift and a real pleasure to drive.

Satellite radio/sound system. Navigation system (although very pricey). Appearance-inside and out. Handling is great. Back-up sensors. Comfort (leather seats are great) Overall this is a great SUV and I'm very happy with my purchase. Just needs a few improvements.

The safety features are great. Love the 4WD and V6 engine. Love sitting up higher in traffic & having more overall vision. Love the leather, moonroof, Sirius, & aux jack (no more FM transmitter). Ice Blue lighting. Deep front armrest for storage space. Everyone is comfortable, even in the backseat.

The cool dashboard lighting. The control panel looks very futuristic. Satalite radio, sitting up high, electronic steering, oil changes every 12,000km according to the owners manual, One key with all the functions on it, a good size console to put stuff in (contrary to manual, my purse does not fit)

Very smooth and quiet drive. Decent pep for a 4 banger. Bright and roomy cabin. Interesting color. (Light Sage) Lots of air bags. Low cost to insure. 

6 cd changer, 4WD and air bags

The entertainment center is nice, plus the leather seats. Interior room is also a plus for a small vehicle.

Mp3/Ipod jack, new design, the rear glass pops open with a button on the remote! 

The design and features. It looks great.

Looks buff. Really like the newer look over previous models. More rugged looking. We added the window shades and bug deflector. Great sound, roomy but still frisky. 



Kiwi green paint, sunroof & satellite package, new body style, interior controls & ice blue interior lights.

Softer blue lights, interior room, reversible cargo floor carpet to rubber mat, bigger side view mirrors. Sound systems very nice.

Lighted controls on the steering wheel for cruise and radio, dash lights, message center, info center, perimeter lights, heated seats and mirrors, individual climate control.

Overall comfort. Overall balance of features. Logical, user-friendly design.

Sitting higher than the cars, like the ride w/the 17" wheels. I also am fond of the satelite stations.

Looks, sound of the engine, so many std. features! Everything!

GPS, dual Zone climate control, heated seats, gas mileage. Smooth ride. Great sounding stereo, awesome look, no longer a "chicks car", but universally appealing. 

Cargo room,quite engine, cool blue LED display, powerful AC, side curtains and spacious interior

Sunroof, sat radio, interior material, blue lights at night in dash, multiple cup holders, large storage under armrest

Love the convenience package which has auto lights,keypad on door,message center with temp,compass,trip odometer, and more. Love the blue soothing lighting and controls. Moonroof is extra lge and onetouch open. Keyfob lifts up the glass in back. Transmission very responisive unlike 05 Highlander. AWD.

Moonroof, Sirius radio, front, side, and curtin airbags, traction control, stability control. Seperate flip-up glass in rear tailgate.

I like the new ice blue lighting in the dashboard

Power seat, comfortable ride, good leg/head room (6'2" husband), positioning of dash & cabin features excellent, back seat EZ to fold down, XL moonroof, and now I add: The outstanding safety features come with all this.

Dash. Eye level of radio, temp, etc is less distracting for the driver. Blue color is attractive. Sound-good sound system.

I pod jack, satellite radio

Blue lights easy on the eyes, love my 17 inch chrome wheels, keyless entry when needed, V6!

Love the outside and inside styling, cool blue dash lights, short-throw 5- speed stick shifter in the console and smooth clutch. Great ride, good handling and very quiet.

Stlyling, fit and finish, dual climate control, reverse sensor, 4x4, leather seats, chrome package. Big truck feel, with small car advantages.



Interior, exterior, very roomy. All the airbags are quite nice.

Interior fit and finish, exterior bold looks, wheels, remote keyless entry built into the key, center console, MP3 jack, fuel efficiency

AWD, height, size, room, handling, bump absorption, sound system, overall drive. 

Handling characteristics, acceleration and roominess.

Like all other Fords, the brakes are very responsive.

Interior. Exterior styling. Great to drive on the freeway, very smooth and enjoyable.

Interior is great, except for the center console display thing. It looks kind of cheesy. I love the new exterior look, very tough looking. Makes it more of a truck, which I like. Generous room for 4 or 5 adults. Good cargo space. Very quiet inside! 

I like the center storage area which is great for my laptop, or my wife's purse. Also love the satellite radio which I've never had before.

Tough looks, great gas mileage, cool interior.

Roomy interior. New outside looks. Aluminum wheels. Flip open rear glass.

Safety items like the curtain bags, stability control, and the new front grille.

Exterior style, tire size, AWD, cargo space, radio jack (for XM or iPod), fuel mileage, rear hatch door (dual opening feature).

Kiwi Green color is so awesome, the satellite radio, the leather seats, new exterior styling (new grille and painted rear fascias).

Exterior design. It doesn't look like a compact SUV. The smooth and fun driving. Great fuel economy.

Big deep center console. Spacous cargo area. Tough outside look and great fuel economy.

Design, ride, front seating, console

All the safety features. Side Impact air bags, inflatable canopy dual power airbags. Love the styling and how it plays off the Explorer/F150 front-end theme.





interior, cup holders, ease of driving 

Interior appearance, seat comfort and height. Very roomy interior for being a smaller SUV. Great sound system & gas mileage.

sun roof!! gas mileage!! heck everything!!

Comfortable on long rides. Fun to drive around town. The 4x4 is great. 



Nice sized SUV for me, ipod hook up, nice console layout. Easy to steer.



Leather interior, back up sensor, Sirius, auto head lights, sun roof, great sounding system

Solid ride, no rattles and tracks good on the highway. Heated seats and dash lighting are nice features.

I love the way it looks. The interior is comfortable and good looking. I am able to see out the whole way around. Love the power seat. Keeps up with traffic.



Looks good.

Love everything about this vehicle.

re-vamped body design, OK fuel econemy for an SUV.

It is really fun to drive, walks through tons of snow without flinching- cool intelligent 4WD-no buttons to push!.. has a great sound system, moon roof, etc. The exterior is very attractive! Love that it has an ipod jack. Sirius radio:) 

seat folding arrangement and heated front seats

I like three things. The dash is well organized and the overall structure seems very robust for hard use. The interior is appealing, though the seats are cheap. The best part is the exterior, it looks good from the outside to fool you how poor the engine on the inside.

The sound system is great! The Sun roof, Comfortable ride, the look, AND the key pad on the door for if I lock my keys in the car...THAT is wonderful!

Security, size, fuel economy, exterior design, sound system, cargo space.

Built-in MP3 CD player.

Leather seats, seat warmers, reverse warning system, interior and exterior design, cargo space, and the moonroof.

Easy to drive, comfy leather seats, nicely laid out dash board.

The display that tells you how many miles till empty. My moon roof! Had to have it! Satellite radio. Full airbags (hope I never have to use them, but I feel safe). Center console is roomy & I like where the gear shift lever is located. 

Room and interior layout. Love that it looks like a larger truck.

Blue Instrument panel, standard sound system is nice, safety features are great, smooth ride

The built in Sirius radio (got 1yr free), heated seats, the sunroof, ride quality, awd feature (no buttons to push) I like that. Headlights are great, great visibility

Comfortable ride, satellite radio, easy handling, moonroof and the size along with the gas mileage 

Sirius for the long commute and the plug ins for the kids' ipod/ movie players in the backseat. Also love the fold down cargo and auto airbag off sensor

More storage room, cup holders, satellite radio, body style. Seats are more comfortable.

Easy and comfortable to drive. 

AWD system is quiet compared to 4X4 22- 26 mpg in an SUV with 240 horses!! Leather, satellite radio, fold flat back seat, black pearl paint is gorgeous

Got better than stated gas mileage - 27mpg on hwy. Ease of getting in and out, smooth ride, very quiet.

Electric PS. Satellite radio, moonroof, illuminated controls, gas milage. Ease of handling. Large rear view mirrors. Red color is outstanding. Information displays.



Interior leather and layout is very attractive and I like the rugged exterior look. 

Sun roof, built in satellite radio

Beefier exterior, "piano black" interior trim, elegant seats, roomy. The limited model is the only way to go, everything just looks nicer.

Size, styling, quiet

Power, appearance and space.

Fun to drive!



Internal compass, INFO button for determining how many miles left to E, and the upgraded leather in the Limited.

The interior is very well layed out.. 

Auto 4x4. Interior, exterior, mpg, stock sound system rocks

Visibility, console, MP3 jack, great sound system, driving position, great all around!

The comfortable, and well appointed interior with the "ice blue" dash instrument lighting. The newer exterior styling of the 2008 models, which look much more like their more expensive cousin the Explorer. The get-up-and-go of the V6, and the smooth auto. tranny. The large CD holder/mid console

I feel very safe traveling with my toddler with all the safety features (airbags, side airbags, canopy, ABS and carseat anchor points). Thanks for "Aux" radio connection for my iPod, walkman, and portable DVD player. Center console is huge and fits a notebook computer.

The great gas mileage. I love the two toned seats. Also the center console (I love all those compartments), cup holders, the I-pod outlet, the sunroof, the remote hatch release, the exterior look grille and fog lamps, the interior look.

Sirius satellite radio. Automatic one touch seat adjustment. Moonroof. Liftgate. Running boards. Fuel economy monitor on the dashboard

The way it looks

I like the light blue coloring for the dashboard, cupholders, and center console. Hidden compartment in back & privacy glass. Cloth seats easy to wipe down with 2 kids

Enjoy the 4x4. Built in Sirius radio is a must! Great small SUV. Lots of room at an affordable price. 

Reverse sensors, the upgraded stereo sounds awesome. The black interior looks great, the hand controls on steering wheel are nice. Like the compass option.

Styling and value. Roominess and economy. Vista Blue, used to have an Electron Blue Vette. Hard floor in rear for heavy gear like scuba tanks.

Decent factory sound system, smooth exterior design, roomy interior, nice factory rims.

Looks cool. Excellent drive. The leather and sunroof makes the car look very nice.

Rugged look, love the center console. Smooth ride. Nice features. All around great look and love the console lights. Love the blue all around it is shar I got mine fully loaded except for the sunroof, navagation, and satalite radio. I'm very impressed and so is my husband. He loves to drive it as well!

Moon and tune package! Comfort, handling, electric power steering, fuel mileage, INFO center on dash giving updates on MPG, miles to empty, and the efficiency graph (and yes, I do use it!)

Body design, decent stereo

I really like the MP3 hookup, and the fold away seats are great. I purchased the cargo cover and it just makes it look that much better. Can't say enough about it. Only thing missing is my car starter, which I am sure will come along.

Like the power. I think it is the best looking SUV on the road

The parking sensor, MP3 jack, the volume controls on the steering wheel, the auto head lights, the exterior color, how fun it is to drive.

Gas mileage in city average 21.8 not too bad 

Airbags, automatic headlamps, power driver seat, sun roof, satellite radio pkg. Privacy glass. Color (red).

Sunroof, seating comfort.

Nav/Audiophile sound quality. More "truckish" look. Higher content. Compass/temperature, side curtain airbags, computer on dash. Got 29 mpg on a recent trip to Vegas!

Moonroof, seats that fold flat in the back, easy and accessible dash lighting and controls.

Moonroof, sattelite radio, MP3 plug, roomy center console, color.

Satellite radio, instument cluster, look

The satellite radio along with the gauges display are the tops. The new tougher looking front design and chrome grill is perfect.

Steering controls, ambient lighting, 17" chrome wheels, sunroof, body design, chrome

Moonroof, hookup for my MP3 player and my computer and my keyless locks and the metallic blue color. 

ipod jack, space/headroom, center console, mileage (for what it is)

ipod jack. No more cassette adapter! The center console. The visibility. Removable rear seat cushions.

MP3 plug, chrome grille, keyless opener, handling, sits higher.

Vista Blue Metallic - fantastic color, sunroof, new body design

Color - vista blue metallic steering wheel position is very comfortable flip over rear cargo mat - rubber on the back. Roomy storage compartment between front seats 

Driving experience, all of the standard features, everything about it.

Handling, and driver arrangement. The back storage and hatch are easy to use, especially the opening of the window on hatch in the back.

Satellite radio, CD player, climate control knobs, black on black interior, moonroof, hidden cargo compartment in the rear, ice blue lighting.

