

It looks cute and was fun to drive...until now because I'm afraid to drive with the clutch issue.

Handling is exceptional and fun. I like the convertible.

driving it and gas mileage



Style. I love the retro look.

How it handles on curves

FUN FUN FUN!!!! Handling is incredible, 6-speed stick is fun, turbo engine is a blast, unique style, panoramic sunroof, radio controls on the steering wheel, good seat bolsters, fuel economy.

Third Gear: The exhaust resonance is perfect, you are going 50+ and you know that you have three more gears. Drop Down Seats: The thing becomes a mini stationwagon. 3 suitcases, boogie boards and a cooler- or a weeks load of groceries.

Handling, Mileage (40.2), technologies (mp3 and bluetooth), The shear sexayness!

6-speed transmission, fuel economy, Sport mode, handling/cornering ability, iconic retro styling and major cool factor. Highly customizable.

Parking, parking, parking. Hee hee hee! 

Tight Sports car feel and ride...lighting acceleration and race car cornering..very stable and safe on the highway..Terrific MPG and troublefree. Able to customize all the display setting and controls...features for the entire car ...IPOD radio Cute but very sporty.

Looks, novelty, heated seats, DSC, big sunroof, BRG color and stripes, gen build quality and fun factor for quick around town trips. 

Uniqueness. I could order it any way I wanted. Nav-system and voice recognition are light years ahead of my Lexus. Very easy to use. Road feel and handling great! 0 mph to trouble in less than 6 seconds. Back has plenty of room for shopping. It has an 'identity' that other cars lack. ATTITUDE!!

Extreme power to size ratio, dual sunroof, very customizable, great styling, fit and finish.

fun to drive, good mpg, design

Peppy, quick and very fun to drive. Love the mood lighting (purple is my favorite)

at this point none

Mine had all bells and whistles, but auto windshield wipers, xenon headlamps, convenience access, auto dim mirrors, heated seats and mirrors stand out.

Top opens partially to a sun roof configuration or fully open to a convertible mode.This thing coners like it's on rails and and accelerates with the 6 speed manual very nicely.

Everything from the turbo to the color palette! From the base package (which has so much to offer!) to the multitude of options! (which are awesome!) But my favorite thing are the changeable ambience lights! So cool!

Easy to park, great fuel economy, more than ample power, push button start

Performance and handling. The high beams will scorch paint. The stereo sound is awesome. A bag of chips, a bottle of water, and change from my $20 bill after filling up with no-lead primo is pretty cool too. 

Bluetooth, sensory wipers, retractable side mirrors, cold weather package, driver and copilot leg room, mood lighting (love the blue), panoramic sunroof.

I pod jack, 5 speed, convertible top, seats and fun factor.

The convertible roof that opens half- way for a sun roof effect is nice.

Navi, push button start, ambient lighting. MPG! Bluetooth!

My fun meter is pegged-out every time I get in the car. Even a quick trip to the grocery store.Best bang for the buck on the road, period.

Peppy engine and great handling

I love the design of the Mini and the way she feels on the road. Driving the Mini is always a good time.

Very roomy, fast, and stable.

Good looks but obtained at the sacrifice of interior space. Adequate power. Excellent Getrag 6-speed manual gear box. Good sport seats but they prefer slender occupants. Good albeit firm handling. Good fuel consumption when driving in conservation mode with the manual transmission. Huge options list

Exelent gas mileage, performance, and the style.

I ordered this car and love the Sidewalk English Malt Brown leather. Seats are soft, comfortable, and very supportive. 

Go cart handling, fuel mileage. Cold weather package, attention from other motorists.

Unique styling, great color options, nostalgic design, fun to drive, easy to maneuver, great gas mileage

Interior space. Ipod and bluetooth phone operation. Mood lighting grows on you. Hidden compartment in the dash. Standard seats are perfect blend of comfort and performance. Driver visibility is excellent.

The acceleration, manual feature of the automatic transmission, gas mileage, leather seats, large different speedometer and tachometer, exterior looks, and fun feeling while driving - hard not to smile.

Engine sound, go-kartyness, great heater, brakes, safe, great sound system, auto tranny and just about everything on my MINI

The sport button: it tightens up the steering and throttle response and makes the car a mad performer on twisting roads.

heated seats, sunroof, secret compartment, cruise control, in-wheel audio adjustment, lane change mode for turn signals, power folding mirrors for extra tight parking spots, and most importantly... mini-sized proportions perfect for zippy parallel parking brilliance!

I love the auto top, and the heated seats.

Panoramic sunroof, navigation, heated seats.

Looks - so unlike everything else! It has character and presence. Love the interior, stick shift, handling, performance, road gripping is amazing, the faster I go the more solid it feels. Ride quality and road feel are excellent. Steering wheel very comfortable. My little hot rod sports car! Love it

The convertible tops opens partially to expose a sun-roof configuration or completely to expose the full outdoor sensation of a top down experience. The super-charger engine / 6-speed manual transmission combination lets you feel the road.

Heated seats, suspension, handling, fantastic sunroof, comfort access, bluetooth integration

The 'BMW' quality you find everyplace. My ability to order the car practically any way I wanted. Its 'singularity' as in you don't see many around. The sound system you get in the S model and a much easier to use than others NAV System. The ergonomics!

Easy to manage dashboard controls. Cold weather package. Power folding mirrors. Heated mirrors and washer jets. Heated front seats. Satellite radio lifetime subscription 

