"Feel", Quality of Manufacture, No defects. Ride, handling. This is one of the best automobiles manufactured. For it's price, none are better. 

Performance, heated and cooled seats, heated steering wheel.

Navigation, radio.

Acceleration vs mileage ( I get 30mpg at steady 70 mph), supportive seats, driving dynamics

Bose sound system, Nav, OnStar, Bluetooth

Going back to a import

Key fobs, nav, sound system, seats, exclusivity, heated front- rear seats and steering wheels and the look of it. Thunder Gray Chromaflair paint.

magnetic ride control, all wheel drive, blind side alarm

Good looks,inside and out, lots of great features (i.e., adaptive speed control, heads up display, OnStar, Lane and blind spot warnings, XM radio, etc.) make driving easier, and performance to date has been very good.

AWD for Ohio winters and On-Star turn by turn navigation. Size of the vehicle is perfect. Fuel efficiency is unbelievable for a car of this weight and physical size. Seat heaters and automatic temperature control are fantastic. We like the three levels of control on the seat heaters.

The beautiful looks of the 2008, especially, in red w/black interior. The seats, esp. the air conditioned front ones, were one of my main selling points. Also love the power & gas mileage of our V6.Also love the OnStar, who needs a nav system? I am just basically in love with this car.

Strong V-6 (when it will actually run.)

Sound system, Bluetooth, 18" chrome wheels, Heads Up Display!! Lane drift awareness, blind spot awareness both work great! Love the heated/air conditioned memory seats and - best of all - the keyless push-button start. I LOVE this car! Driving a BMW or Mercedes? Bet you didn't test drive an STS.

looks and performs well

Comfort, elegance, performance, price.

The Bose 5.1 stereo, by far the best I've ever heard. Great tunes all the time!

Handling. This car is a pleasure to drive. Sound is great and I love the gizmos. Like the auto high beam feature.

The Bose 5.1 stereo, navigation system, and the Leather seats. The dash set-up of the instrument panel works great for me. The in-line V6,. No need for the V8. Enough get up and go when floored to pass.

Quietness of the engine and ride. Stability of car while driving. 

I love the gizmos! My wife is less attracted to all the Techno updates, but give me all the technology you can. If it weren't for the awkward looking "pod" mounted in the windshield, I would have also opted for the laser guided cruise control and the lane guidance systems.

Remote starter. Quality sound from the speakers. Handling. 

Heavy rain this weekend in Chicago area handling was outstanding all wheel drive works great. Performance and luxury at their best. 

Seats, Bluetooth touchscreen, XM radio for the family, with AUX IPOD jacks directly into the radio via the under arm rest inputs. GM/Cadillac have knocked it out of the park for $44,600 out the door, loaded.

Great American car. Keyless start (push button) Can start the car and air from 200 feet away Bluetooth interface 

