AWD control. Great for drifting. Bucket seat ready for five point harness. Great body trim and suspension.

Turbo!

s-AWD, handling, looks, performance, acceleration

HID, torque, S-AWC

The power/speed is by far the best part. The handling is a close second. The intoxicating whistle of the turbo begs you to push the pedal down a little bit more. The navi with music server is also very nice. The SSS Fosgate stereo is incredible. Phantom Black!

Wife can drive it! (<3 you TC-SST!) Can fit baby seat in back and stroller when the time comes! S-Sport is very responsive. Faster than I could shift manually! Recaro seats are fantastic. Exterior: very aggressive! Have to drive it to realize how fun it really is! (psst.. 2 words: Launch Mode!)

Great exterior styling, great seats, best handling of any stock street car I have driven, and love the AWD system.





Handling

Three traction settings, safety, and speed! The looks help too!

Engine, Looks, price 

Power, AWD, LOOKS, SSS Package. Picked this vehicle over a 350z, G37, RX8 R3, and Sti. Can't look back!

power, AWD, 4 doors

Looks; this car turns a lot of heads, and I always have people asking me about the car. Transmission is excellent; I will never buy a manual again when this typr of transmission is available. Technology package was worth every penny, as well as the body kit. Phantom black is a great color.

Looks,steering, the feeling of it always wanting to go, I've had other performance cars that were sedate, this one always wants to go harder, faster. 4 doors if you need them. Good resale. Future tunability. Fast key, headlights, awd, recaros, if they fit. wheels, brembo, 

The styling is great, I get a lot of good remarks on the car.

Handling, brakes, audio system, cruise control (A first on an Evo). Recaro seats are nice, and the car truly has great looks especially from the front. 

Handles like a go-kart, accelerates like a big block. Rockford Fosgate stereo is awesome - plenty of features, but not too many. Room for 5 normal adults. The HID headlights work really well. Looks amazing - everyone likes it, from the tuners in parking lots, to the girls down the street.

Handling and acceleration are awesome. 4 door 5 passengers. Stereo System is unbelievable and has built in iPod jack. Factory exhaust has a nice tone. HID head lights. Evo gets a lot of thumbs up, and compliments from other drivers.

My fav features are Acceleration, aggressive steering ratio and the killer looks.I have been told by 4 people till date that the car looks amazing.Gave me a REALLY good feeling about my decision to purchase.I got a fully loaded minus the NAV.Sound system ROCKS! height adjustable Headlamps r cool.

Everything

The whole thing! It's a great, realistically priced vehicle in todays market, with some power and great looks that again hauls five. So my whole family (3 kids in toe) can enjoy the ride!

SAWC! Torque 23 psi turbo & Intercooler Handling Aero Style This car is smoother at 125 than my BMW 3 series is at 65, and gets there so quickly. Its so much fun to drive! Racing seats Carbon Fiber Rockford Fosgate Exceeds every expectation I had for a four-cylinder tuner or a 4dr sedan

Handling, Acceleration, Responsiveness, Immersiveness, FUN FACTOR A perfect 10 to drive, show, tune. Even fun to clean. Okay, maybe not, but it is a fun car. If your the least bit interested, ignore the fact Mitsubishi won't let u test drive one, and just buy it. It exceeds every expectation I had.

Super Active Yaw Control, or SAYC, is the best thing to happen to the Evo, ever. Understeer is gone completely; you get oversteer on demand!

AWD, handles great; acceleration is okay.

The powertrain. I thought I would have said the suspension and handling, because that is where all the hi $$ stuff is, but so far I am impressed with the thrust.

