3500 lb towing, although I have only towed 1000 lb with it.

Comfortable.



My favorite feature is the sunroof and Cruise... Heated leather seats.

Leg room, radio controls on the steering wheel, message center

Highway mileage around 23-24 mpg. Quiet, smooth, comfortable ride. Crash Safety ratings are excellent. Roomy backseat, which slides forward to hold more cargo when necessary. Electronic info center. 

3.6L engine, the sliding rear seat. Room enough for me, 6' 3" 220 pounds. Remote starter, heated seats. Kid protector on the rear of the passenger seat. Looks sharp, not like every other car on the road today.

Although not great sounding, the stereo as well as HVAC is easy to use and quickly cools/heats car; lit steering wheel controls are nice as is the on board computer showing miles to empty, tire pressure, etc. Lots of room for luggage and back seat passengers; good gas mileage. 

enjoy driving, until opening rear doors then what a mess no way to use rear seat for any purpose.

Sliding back bench, dash set up, storage under front center console, tons of leg room in the back, nice get up and go and handling, OnStar and AWD!

Roomy back seat

The main reason for my purchase was the good mileage and plenty of room in the car but small enough to fit in our garage. I'm huge fan of the sunroof. I think I am the only one here that really doesn't have a problem with the cupholders.

AWD! Great size and room for the money and for it's class. Seats are comfortable and visibility is decent. Exterior trim on the LTZ is quite good - and it is well put together. Definitely get the factory installed remote starter, when available. It is a really nice feature for SUV at this price.

OnStar GPS. All I can say is wow! And for only $10/mo subscription it blows my Garmin out of the water! I got a remote start installed from the dealer, and it takes almost no time at all to get into a toasty car! The V6 power and get-up. The best is the enormous amount of back seat room!

Car height, and seat height for the male driver.

All wheel drive. sunroof. heated seats. Crash worthiness and OnStar (called us before we stopped moving definitely a good system) 

AWD. The little display that shows me the tire pressure and percentage of oil life left. Tons more cargo room than what I expected.

I love the MP3 jack for my ipod! I like the heated seats. Handling is nice. I like the look of the chrome wheels. The little electronic info center is also a nice feature

Roomy backseat, OnStar, comfortable ride, fun to drive

Very good control and spirit. Big enough for Big Joe. 

Looks nice

OnStar (what's available), rear seat adjustability

All wheel drive w/ stabilitrak & traction control for the fun canadian winters. 3.6l v6 engine. Cargo room, fold flat seats & flat floor in back seat. 

Ride, handling, MPG for AWD good. 

Interior layout, handy pockets, driver information center with lots of good info. Also stylish appearance and lack of wind noise.

Handling, engine.

Remote start, black metallic paint, XM

I love the roomy back seat area. Lots of room with the seats down to transport large items. Lots of great features, rear window wipers; OnStar; shows fuel;tire pressure etc. Great fuel economy, I can get 30 miles on the highway and about 22-24 in town.

MP3 jack, roominess, the mpg calculator and the outside temp display. And, of course, the AWD.

GPS and OnStar hands free telephone. Also like the remote starter. Chrome door handles give the vehicle a rich look.

Ride, roominess, comfort, towing ability. The back seat is especially roomy. OnStar seems like a good feature although we have not used it much.

Remote start, cargo area, mp3 jack, sunroof

Back seat that slides up to give more cargo area or back for lots of leg room. This back seat keeps my kids happy while on long trips! I also like how comfortable the front seats are. The Leather wrapped steering wheel with radio controls is a great feature. Driver info center w/MPG readout!

Great stereo, vehicle handling/acceleration, leather interior is a must have (trust me), 5/5 star crash star rating, nice trunk space with folding seats, stylish exterior with the sport trim and no roof rails.

Interior cloth (color, design), plentiful cup holders, OnStar and information system.

All the room in the is plus size SUV - sure - it is not a full size SUV/Truck, but for that class, it is perfect.

One of my favorites is the cloth interior. As a father of a 2 yr old things get dropped in the back seat but but with a damp rag my wife and I have managed to get out every thing he can spill on it.

Great engine trans combo!

Upgraded engine, OnStar, XM radio, styling



Radio controls on the steering wheel, leather wrapped steering wheel, fuel economy, suspension, mp3/aux slot in the radio, OnStar, and the fake woodgrain

Traction control, and the adjustable back seat that slides forward and back.

Exterior

Remote start, heated leather seats, XM radio, premium speakers, sunroof, Onstar

Looks great

It's very roomy. The dash with the wood grain I like. I can plug my Mp3 player right into it. The leather steering wheel. The smooth drive and it can go when you want it to. The gas is Ok I get 20 MPG.

LT2 trim, leather heated seats, sunroof, sound system, ride and handling, easy access front and back and quiet ride.

Folding/sliding rear seat and great visibility.

XM radio, radio control on steering wheel, comfortable, and remote starter

The overall look of the car and the front seats are very comfortable. It has great pick up speed and drives with ease.

Seating comfort and interior room is outstanding for a vehicle this size. It is a very quiet and stable platform for freeway driving.

Electric controls on the console. Engine smoothness in acceleration. Steering handles well and the road noise less booming than the other suv's we test drove.

Performance, nice looks, heated seats, leather seats and sun roof. Came with the sun sound and leather package that saved about $1,000 if ordered seperately. The wide rims, dual exhausts, and the front air ducts really make this SUV look bad and fast.

Leather and power seats, steering wheel radio controls, 6 disc changer/XM and Pioneer sound system, heated seats, fuel economy (for an SUV)



Overall looks and performance. I have not found anything to complain about and the remote start is great

The best feature for me is the automatic start and OnStar, hands free telephone.

Didn't get all the bugs, bombs and whistles on this Equinox, but as I said, the inside design makes sense and everything is where it should be.The a/c will blow the hair off a dog and will cool things off fairly quickly.

Seem to handle okay and rides nice.

I love all the features, but one I really love is that the entire back seat moves forward so there is more room in the trunk area.

Remote starter, OnStar radio, hands free calling system, lots of leg room front and back.

Styling, comfort, and value. Fit and finished seems improved over past Chevys. Power good.

LT fwd with chrome package, Pioneer stereo, great sound with woofers and all. I get a lot of good comments. Nice interior and the fold down seats are nice and handy, with the back seat down and front passenger down you can get 8' boards in and still shut the gate.



Very roomy, back passangers have lots of leg room. Love the automatic start. Back seats fold down great. Information center tells you all you need to know. OnStar free for 1 year. I got XM radio free for 3 mts. I will definitely subscribe to it when its up, XM radio is great.



Great ride, Love the OnStar system. 6 pack Cd system with controls on the steering wheel. Power sun roof that slides wide open or tilts. With slide cover for AC Days. Plenty of power to handle the AC and highway traveling.

Six-speed transmission man/auto; good sound from the higher end sound package. Nice arrangement of 'bells' and whistles'. Also has excellent windshield view, compared to other cars.

Style

Driver info. center, OnStar. Lots of room for backseat passengers

Engine, AWD, XM radio, leather seats

Performance, handling, looks

MPG. We got 26-27 highway.

Power and look!

Good perfomance and looks like a performance vehicle with the tire and wheel combination

