Navigation, remote starter, and trade in value. Some how they do retain their value very well. I also liked the three piece removable top.

Easy top removal Looks

Freedom top, 4 door, fun car and decent gas mileage. V8 would suit the car better. 

The dual top, the power package and the fact that there are four doors. It now makes a fun truck more family friendly.

handles the sand at the beach like a champ. It was suppose to be our surfing get away vehicle

It's a Jeep. It doesn't look like every other vehicle on the road. Very dependable! Fun to drive, you have a convertible in the summer and a four wheel drive in the winter.

Exterior: Very manly and beefy looks and the wider stance offers better handling on the highway and better ability to take corners harder. Interior: Much more room than ever before and I like the seats capability to "rise or lower" just by cranking a lever up or down and the power windows are nice.



 Top is not as easy to take down as the earlier models. You can't put a toneau on without taking the top frame off. Interior panels scratch too easy too.

More room, more comfort 4 doors.

The 4WD and the top

I like the ride and comfort and handling(when its running). It's actually a fun vehicle to drive. Also the heater works a 100% better than they used to.

Good seats, decent outward visibility, great tires and rims and (with hard top) handles northern Canadian winters quite well. Pay the extra for the infinity sound system w/ sub!

Four wheel disc brakes, comfortable seats, nice rims and tires, excellent ground clearance. Fun to drive, year round!

Handling quality is superb. Sound system crisp and clean. Dash layout very ergonomic. Engine quiet. 

Removable top and handling

Turning circle, seats, soft sunrider top, quiet cabin, handling.

Love the seats. Drove for 10hrs, with no squirm. Stereo cranks with Ipod. 

Wider body and longer base. the overall look is more powerful 

Very pleased with the seats, around town driving is smooth and the engine is quit(I have the standard. Height of Jeep (kids love sitting up high). The sound system is great. Heater is better than I though it would be. Controls easy to use with standard. 

Sahara's tires, navigation, satellite radio (I hope they handle the elements when the top is off). Everything!

I love the freedom top, although it does leak in heavy rain. I love the fact that I can take this baby apart and enjoy the outdoors while driving. It just looks awesome in general.

Loud radio system. Looks good. Rides good. 4x4 is great

The MyGig navigation/entertainment system(more advanced for the money than anything in the under 50k price range)rocks, the hard top is easy to remove, excellent looks/functionality, remote start/tire pressure warning, all the upgrades available through Mopar(and they do make the mirror kit..fyi)

General design, satellite radio, fun factor

Exterior design, ground clearence, heater, handling and the easy drop down back seat.

Love myGig stereo and information center, the removable hardtop. When in passing, other Jeep owners will give you a friendly wave, as if welcoming you to the Jeep family. Don?t get me wrong; Jeep is not for everybody. Test-drive a Jeep Wrangler, and just maybe you?ll get bit.

Standard radio in the Sahara biggest and best suprised. Fog lights are a must.

It puts "fun" back into driving! A very compact 4x4 vehicle that I can drive down a narrow lane to my cabin in the woods..or take off across country on interstates and enjoy a great trip. Other Jeep owners always wave when they meet you...and ask and compare to their Jeeps- fun!

My Gig navigation, Pwr windows/locks, soft top with fold back over front seat only. 

4 wheel drive, cargo space

Hard top, vinyl interior, fun factor. 

Really fun to drive. Awesome in the snow! No Lean in corners. No blind spots. Killer bumper. Fog lights double view range. Awesome heater! Comfortable seats. Nice power package, and remote start. Nice stereo with nice layout of dash. 4WD is simple and usable on the fly. Awesome tires on Sahara. 

Four door functionality and storage space in the cargo area. 3 piece modular hardtop is pretty nifty with regard to ease of removal. FYI, Soft tops are not that difficult to remove and install once you get the hang of it. It is all part of owning a Jeep!

Hard top easy to remove the front two panels. Need a 2nd person to remove the rear portion of the hard top. Fun to drive. Plenty of cargo in the rear. Rear seats in the four door easy to pull up and down. Front seats are very comfortable. Love the auto starter for the cold winter months in MA.

Ability to go through deep mud and climb rocks.

I love, the remote start. How awesome to have the car warm and waiting while leaving the store.Love the 60/40 split rear seat, which is more like 80/20.Room it has plenty of for my three kids in the back.The 4X4 capability on the beach in soft sand is wonderful. Love the 3 piece top.

6 spd trans, sunrider top, 6" wider and 6" longer, exterior style

It's a Jeep - not a Honda, or a Kia, or a Toyota. The MyGig infotainment system is one of the best on the market (IMHO). To have this as an option in a Wrangler is crazy. Just get it; you won't be disappointed. Add to that, topless driving and that it will easily climb a wall and you have a winner!

The remote start rocks! The amount of room is incredible! Jeep specs say it's 10.5 inches larger than a Liberty! The incredibly smooth ride. To those who complain about the seat quality, Sit in any previous Wrangler! Seats that are exposed to the outside are not supposed to be plush or leather.



Fun factor. You can strip everything off on a nice day and hit the trails. I like being part of the Jeep family and most members will help you out with anything.

Having both tops. Freedom hardtop with its removable panels. The look of the vehicle is great, they got the "rake" stance right. 6 disc nice upgrade. 18" wheels. Easily removed doors. Ride and handling. Quiet ride. Tow pkg. Elec doors, windows, cruise, standard A/C.

This is still a truck but a convertable as well. The best of both worlds! I love experimenting with the windows and top. The new Sunrider Soft Top is an excellent upgrade!

Looks very rugged, even the 4x2 model, yet elegantly chic!

4 door convertible

Power steering--yeah my other jeep did not have it.

The overall package is tremendous. In no particular order I like: the three top options, the high vantage point in traffic, the myGig system, the seat support and adjustability, the rear storage compartment, being part of the Jeep family...

Feeling of confidence in winter conditions, summer with the roof and doors off it's like having a dune buggy. Can strap a canoe or kayak across the roll bars with the top off.



Easy to modify, excellent range of features standard, open top fun, all weather and terrain capable, lots of space for gear and family, BFG Mud Terrains, front/rear lockers, 4:1 low range gearing (transfer case), & more...

Dual tops, 6 speed, short wheelbase (I live in Chicago). Smooth ride for a Jeep.

Right hand drive.

stability control. On icy curvy roads, it keeps the front headed straight. Being able to quickly drop the soft top on a nice summer day and feel the wind on my skull. Being able to quickly pop the hardtop T tops in the fall. It drives better the worse the weather becomes.

Stereo system is nice, good ride, good stability, Warranty seems pretty good but haven't had to use it yet so we'll see.

I love the Wrangler, instant convertible or hardtop. This vehicle is rugged, none better if you like this type of rig. It handles well for what it is too. I am impressed by the traction control, hardly every use four wheel drive on the road since it is so good in rear wheel drive. 

Solid feel. Smooth ride with great turning circle. Freedom top, infinity sound system.

Sound system, handling on and off- road, the way she will go through and over anything, Mud tires that come standard on Rubicons, more quite than jeeps of the past, really my favorite features are everything about it.

Definitely opt for the power options (remote key-less entry, power windows). The sound system is also decent and has a pretty good sized sub woofer in the back. Sahara Pkg.-- The different suspension makes it smoother on road.

No other vehicle offers as much customization and after-market hardware. It's easy and inexpensive to personalize or configure for insane off-road adventures. You can leave it absolutely stock and know that you still own one of the most capable factory built off-road vehicles on the market.

Killer sound system and SIRIUS. The Freedom Top.

Navigation, lockers, hard top and doors come off easy my wife and i can lift the hard top, storage in rear is great more room then Ford Explorer and Jeep Cherokee, the stock tires are great love the BFG MUDS.

stance ,clearance, appearance, turning radius and a actual lever to change transfer case functions

Favorite features would be the new 3.8L. V6 that replaced the dated 4.0 L I6. The extra length and width makes it much more manageable on the road. Also the new high pinion front axle.

Suggested Improvements

Overall style, nice ride and handling, adequate performance, decent fuel economy for a brick, A good value.

Love the 6 speed stick and the stereo. V6 is great too. 3 piece hard top is the best feature. The good ride was unexpected. Drove it 200+ miles home from the dealer and was pleasantly surprised. 

the freedom top is cool. Off road handling is very good. The YES fabric on the inside is very good & easy to clean if you have kids or you're just dirty. All around good vehicle

Appearance, ground clearance, MyGig/Nav (tho MP3 needs improvement), Freedom Tops, 4-doors, suspension. Hmmm, everything except below.

1) GPS 

The handling and the fun of the ragtop. The quick turning and stability.

Off road handling. Comes with hard and soft top. Nav system with 60 gigabytes of memory.



Owning a Wrangler is really a lifestyle. The Wrangler is adaptable to any weather and driving conditions. Go anywhere and have fun doing it. No better power train warranty in the business and a low-cost service contract extends the lifetime coverage to the entire vehicle.

Comfort, very good brakes, classic style, lifetime warranty,

Style, turning radius, performance in the snow and height / line of sight over other vehicles

Soft top, stereo, seats, look, wheels, removable doors. What's not to love.

Serves my purpose, does everything a crossover can do, and holds my dog ( American Mastiff) all 225+ lbs of him in the back. 

I am trying to figure out if anyone else has had this problem with the 2008 jeep wrangler/ the top leaks they fixed it supposedly 3x still leaks. hard top that is

removable tops

6 speed manual transmission. Jeep Green with Khaki interior and top. The big wheels and tires as stock equipment. The "Wave". Driving with the top down!

Unique style, removal top, great off road/ bad weather driver. 

none now, i just want the thing to work right.

ESP and the lockers. Haven't used the sway bar disconnect that much as I haven't needed to. Tried to get stuck but can't!

Powertrain, looks like a Jeep, fun to drive, will go almost anywhere if you are willing to take the risk. My wife won't let me. Stereo is a unexpected bonus. Room for the grandchildren. Seats are easy to keep clean, head lights are better than average, when driving you feel in control. Buy a Jeep!

Is as rugged as it looks. Easily upgradeable, insane off road ability when you need it. Ive pulled toyotas, h3's, and even an EXPEDITION out of the sand. THE POWER IS THERE, just need to know how to use it.

My Gig, rugged looks, satellite radio, fun factor, Pwr windows/locks, Four wheel disc brakes 

Favorite features are the MY-GIG and the 18" alloy wheels. A friend loved my Wrangler so much he ordered one for himself!

Suggested Improvements

MYgig, hardtop/soft top combo, great looks, rides nice, very reliable thus far after 15k miles.

Rubicon package has no peers. The only options I don't have are auto trans and remote start. It is awesome!

Fun Fun Fun, Practical for trips to the market, home depot, fishing, boating, Sam's Club etc

MYGIG, dual top

I love the styling and ride. I?m amazed how quiet the interior is! Love the leather wrapped steering wheel. Automatic Transmission shifts smooth! I love my Jeep! 

The new body style is definitely awesome, large tires and ground clearance as well. Additionally the lifetime powertrain warranty is a good thing, because I'm sure that 3.8 wouldn't last a lifetime. This only vehicle that looks better than this jeep is the Rubicon (also 3.8).

Looks, aggressive stance, rockin' radio, great handling, and oh yeah the ladies are loving it more than me!

The three piece hard top with the soft top. Just the over all looks.

looks good parked

I love taking the soft top completely down. The navigation unit is perfect when I get lost in the middle of the Arizona dessert. Transmission and steering are very beefy as expected. The 18" alloy wheels are sharp too. It can turn on a dime! I like the short wheel base and small turning radius.

Cruising Maui with the top down. Park it anywhere. Off road capability.

Three piece hard top. sound system. 

Interior, ground clearance, large tires from factory, storage area under rear gate.

-Dual top option (great for handling the four seasons) -Smooth shifting manual transmission -MyGig system (although it needs better speakers) -Excellent ride and handling for a true offroad 4x4

size, turnability, seat comfort, overall looks, touch screen NAV and Infinity sound system. Mileage OK. Coolness factor with my 8 year old!!!!

18" polished aluminum alloys, MyGiG, power windows and locks, 6 speed manual, and most importantly the 368 watt Infinity sound system.

Easy to park, good driving visibility, will fit into any parking spot,jeep wave

Everything! came with running boards which is very handy for us shorter folks, really comfortable seats, really good heater for colder days, 2 very roomy locking cubbies, lots of storage in the back even with the seats up, power conveniences

Easily removable hard top with a couple of people, with rear wiper and defrost for comfortable winter time driving.

Color, grips the road, smooth ride, with the soft top there really isn't a lot of noise, handles well. great space.

Removable hard top, smooth ride, good room, good looking exterior and interior, good mileage for the vehicle, and all around great design.

Sporty Wrangler style, handling and better fuel economy.

still shines

4X4 system...in my opinion the best on the market. 18" wheels...provide a great view from inside. 4- doors...accessing the backseat is much improved over the 2-door variety. Fit & finish is improved over past years.

Power Windows, power locks, alarm, keyless entry, 7 spkr 360 something Watt, 6 disc, dvd, mp3, cdrw, cdr, cd infinity stereo, Cruise control, 32" wheels, soft rider softop that slides back, digital compass and outside temperature displays on the dash, even the cup holders have small rubber grips inside! 

Unlockable sway bar, SIRIUS, Infiniti 368W system with Subwoofer has great sound, Soft top, 5 star front impact rating, Removable doors, foldable windshield, Remote start, Full spare, Extremely easy-to-fold rear seats give tons of cargo space, abundance of aftermarket & Mopar accessories

Minimum blind spots. Good field of vision. - Manual transmission. - Easy clean interior - Lots of good after market accessories - High driving position - Great looking vehicle. Not your typical SUV.

Standard gears good A/C and heater. More room to store your stuff (just look its there). the hard top is better than the reviews. 

Dual Tops. Get this option nice having hard top during winter and sunrider soft top during summer.

freedom hard top, infinity sound system, smooth ride.

Minimal sound, Large tires good ground clearance, Good looking interior

It looks fantastic!

Solid feel. Fairly quiet ride. Good turning circle for such a big vehicle. Good roominess. Great looks. Great value holder. Great tradition. Beefy build. Can hold its own against all the competition. Decent mileage. Tinted windows. Great front end crash rating.

Space, by far I like the large interior in the back. I fly remote control planes, and this is going to be just perfect for getting to far fields, and high hills.

climbs like crazy. awesome 4x4 ability, looks great, stereo is excellent. way more room for gear than the other jeeps.

Looked cool before the rust. 

Top down driving with the soft top. Doesn't leak, even in a car wash. Seating position is upright, very nice seats. Fun to drive with manual tranny, always easy to find the right gear. Extremely cool with top off, stand-out vehicle driving down the road. Off road legend is well deserved.

You could roast a marshmallow on the heater vents, they crank. Brakes work great, handling is nice. The 4 wheel drive system is the best. 

