The console...I love the space behind it. And the very comfortable seats.

Beautiful interior and very VOLVO-sh exterior. Nice Programmable features. CD player plays Mp3s. Ipod integratable, nice nook for it too.

The seats are amazing. Sound system rocks. Love the elegant simplicity of the cockpit.

Fit, Finish, Sound system, LOADS of power. VERY QUITE. And just plain looks cool

I like all features on my S40. Sound system is excellent. Turbo is awesome. The heated front seats are the best.

Exterior looks fantastic. I feel very confident parking this car next to a BMW or Audi in the styling department. Interior is crisp, materials are durable and look great. Volvo dealer service is top notch. The customer service I have received is enough for me to stay loyal to Volvo for life

 

Leather seats, styling inside, ease of controls.

I love the interior design, the radio console controls are simple and elegant. It's very comfortable seated inside and to handle on the road. My S40 has great acceleration and turning control. The exterior design of the vehicle also looks gorgeous. This one definitely turns some heads.

Seats are the most comfortable I've ever owned. The feeling of security when the doors close must be felt.

Seats are very comfortable. Car is small and handles wonderfully. Audio system is fantastic. Interior styling is outstanding. Fast and Fun.

Interior design and comfortable seats. It is more comfortable than my massage chair. Ride quality. Overall car length is short which makes it easy to park in tight parking space.

Body design; high quality leather seats; so many options! And kudos to Volvo for keeping the name on the car and not using those meaningless and cryptic symbols. 

The wood trim interior. AWD. Exterior design.

Every time you drive it! Sport steering wheel upgraded stereo seats the simple styling

Exterior styling, nimble handling, loads of features/amenities which come standard, sleek yet sophisticated interior styling, loads of safety features.

Select package - Satellite radio with text display is excellent. Cold weather package - heated seats are a must. 5-M gearbox - small displacement non-turbo needs the stick to keep the revs up. Excellent seats. Balanced ride - good mix of sporty handling and passenger-pleasing ride softness.

Exterior look and interior design.

The Five-Speed Geartronic Transmission, the design inside and out, as well as the entire select package.

