Handling, interior design and exterior design

Heated seats, remote start, sound system, nicely designed interior.

Gas mileage, exterior look is nice, but lacking in quality.

AWD, 6 speed shift.

Styling and Fit/Finish. MPG as- advertised or better. Easy to drive highway and city; power is sufficient in all situations. Extremely safe; full compliment of airbags are standard!

Onstar ,Manual Shift, Handsfree calling, Exterior looks great

Comfortable front seats

Interior appearance and quality, XM Radio, Storage space, the ride quality, and the power of this 4-cyl. engine. 

XM radio, heated cloth seats, heated windshield washer nozzles and rain sensing wipers.

Overall look of the vehicle, radio controls on the steering wheel, a comfortable and reasonably quite ride.

Electric heated seats, Heated outside electric mirrors, Lumbar support and the XM satellite radio. 

The NAV system and steering wheel controls, heated seats and the seats themselves.

Remote start, manual shift mode, OnStar



Sharp styling, excellent visibility, fantastic road manners, interior material quality, remote start, rain-sense wipers, heated leather seats, automatic climate control, automatic dimming review mirror, outstanding safety features, OnStar, XM radio, steering wheel controls, fold flat seats, decent fuel economy

Safety!

Nice to drive, comfortable,good power from 3.5 V6.

Quality of interior, heated seats, cup holders down low = no spills!! Rear center armrest. Radio features, engine. Designed in Germany - same vehicle as the Opel Antara. Perfect interior size.

Seat warmers that go all the way up the back. The advanced audio is just killer. Much more stable than any other SUV that I have driven. No fake wood anywhere in the vehicle.

V6 power

XM radio, OnStar, folding passenger front seat (makes a desk), door courtesy lights, delay lighting and power, bodystyle, color (sunburst), and the interior fit and finish. Excellent value and MPG, I average 23 combo, 27 highway on cheap gas! has a large 19 gallon tank. 

XM radio, OnStar, heated seats.

Exterior design, OnStar system and base-level alloy wheels.

Remote start, heated seats, tapshift, XM radio - just about everything!

Excellent visibility, quiet engine, smooth 6-speed transmission, amber backlit intrument panel lighting, rain-sense wipers, remote start, and OnStar.

V6 power. 257 horsepower

Ride, handling, size and functionality. OnStar also a GMC plus I never had before.

XM Radio and onstart standard



Large cabin and extras like XM radio free for 3 months. Our previosvehicle was over 5 years old and our insurance went up less than $20, probaly based on safety features

Tap shift, heated cloth seats, the power drivers seat, the body, the interior, basically there is nothing we do not like!

My favorite features are the standard power windows and keyless entry. I really like that there is no seatbelt dinger. The interior has nice styling. Cupholders are sufficent. Someone wrote about them being lower, but I like that personally; before I felt as though I was hitting my cup wth elbow.

Heated seats, OnStar, XM radio, 

Everything! Mine is fully loaded minus the navigation system.



Performace, quality, fit and finish.

Drives and handles fairly well. Reasonable mileage

My favorite features would have to start with the AWD. I have never had an AWD vehicle and I am very inpressed. Secondly is the built in XM option and OnStar. I never thought audio / safety options would be "as" important as they are. I can't forget the interior and exterior design. Much improved.

Exterior and interior design and detail. Acceleration, handling, and 6 speed transmission. Heated leather seats and remote start. XM radio and OnStar are nice value added features. Turn by Turn navigation works well - you don't need to spend 2K for the navigation option. 

The look and radio controls on the steering wheel. 

6-speed transmission, 3.6 V6, Ebony leather w/faux suede inserts. XM radio and OnStar are great, as I've never had them before, but plan on keeping and extending service.

Power, ride, looks, heated leather seats.

Looks, safety, quality

OnStar, XM radio (never thought I'd be interested in it until I had it), sun roof installed by dealership, 6 speed transmission, body styling and wheels, leather seats with suede inserts and heated seats. Love the remote start and homelink. 

Comfortable seats, great visibility, stylish, XM radio, steering wheel controls, price

Power of the v6. Sleek look. Quiet ride.The chrome options help it stand out.

Really cool style, comfortable, zippy little vehicle has lots of room for shopping, too! 

The interior is so stylish, Heated seats, OnStar, XM radio, sunroof, all the safety features. Multiple outlets in the luggage area are very useful.

The styling, quiet interior, excellent seat position, easy to fold rear seats, safety features, value, resale value.

OnStar, smooth ride, classy Euro styling.

Tap-shift option, OnStar w/phone, satellite radio, one-touch fold-flat rear seats, intelligently placed cup holders, lockable gas and glove compartment, stiff and secure cargo net, a little compartment just for sunglasses (essential for someone like me who can never find them), awesome interior.

Outstanding fit and finish, outstanding quality control, great performance, security

The ease of packing/unpacking the cargo area. Also the rain sensitive wipers. 

The multi-adjustable driver's seat is great, abundant headroom, OnStar and XM radio, body styling is pretty, we've noticed many looks and double takes as we've been driving. Very comfortable to settle behind the wheel and go. I like not having to squat down to get in it. 

Exterior, interior, drive train smoothness, warranty (includes loaner and roadside), and standard options when compared to a Toyota.

Interior finish is nicer than most competitors (i.e Compass). OnStar has some great features - the check engine light came on an OnStar was able to get the code and contact the dealer with the problem (loose connector) while I was driving.

Engine power, transmission smoothness, interior layout, safety items and exterior looks 

Zippy handling, quiet ride, great radio. Couldn't be happier. The built in cell phone is easy to use.

V-6 engine, great looks, comfort, power driver's seat, Saturn service, but most of all, the stability of the AWD.

The styling is fantastic. The features are over the top awesome...much more than any other competitor.

XM radio, airbags all around, stabilitrak

Interior and exterior style, standard safety equipment, and Saturn customer experience.

Radio with the ability to program 36 channels. Free XM for 3 months Year of free OnStar. Heated seats. Cargo net for trunk. Back seats tilt Huge glove compartmen.t Exterior design. Radio control from steering wheel 

Ride. Seat comfort. I have XR with leather and even that's comfy. Cool cargo net in back. GM took their time when they engineered this one. 

I love the easy handling, space, automatic headlights sensor, radio adjuster on the steering wheel, back seat adjusters, big .

Its styling and performance are its greatest attributes.

Overall quality. Seats fit me

Heated cloth seats, design is superb, solid SUV.

The seats are wonderful, my last ones' seats were not comfortable, the fit and finish of the interior and exterior. HVAC controls is far superior. Back seat also reclines a little to give passengers more room. Also the AWD and Stability control are so helpful cant what for snow!

Exterior. interior, ride

Styling

Rear reclining seats, side air bags,trailering package avalible even on four cylinder.

Style of the VUE is awesome. I catch people staring at it all the time. The mileage is also very appealing.

Exterior styling. Base comes with standard 6 airbags, XM radio and OnStar. Cargo net system in storage area

Lexus quality drive and look.

Floor console, overhead console, smooth drive, storage space on back of driver/front passenger seats, rear storage space.

LOVE OnStar, XM radio, performance, ride, cargo space

Fully loaded and then some for a GREAT price...dependale and SAFE!!all that matters,

love having 257 hp under the hood . the remote start is great in NE winters .Still hate having automatic traction control ,but at least the 08 has a switch that can turn the system off ..has a nice solid feel thru the steering system over the vague 06 .XR has a nice compliment of comfort features .

Heated seats, cargo space.

Great ride quality. Solid lumbar support. Good looking exterior. Great dealership service (the best I've had). It feels like a more expensive vehicle than it is. XR 3.6 offers plenty of power when needed. Wonderful to travel in.

The 3.6L V6. The remote start. Where I live we have an yearly average temp of 86 degrees, so it,s nice to start up and cool things down a bit, before entering. The simple instrument panel is good. No need for unnecessary info! If the engine gets hot you'll be warned anyway. The manual shift function

the body style and the xm and onstar

Heated seats, XM radio, OnStar, and styling. I'll once again enjoy the sun roof when spring arrives. The XR has plenty of extras.

Looks decent.

Interior layout, you don't feel like you are driving a cheap car.

Nicer interior. Radio controls in the steering wheel.

XM Radio, Rain Sense Wipers, Fuel Economy, Heated Cloth Seats.

The 3.6l engine (when it runs), the AWD, the body style, and the price tag.

Rides nice over bumps. Heater works good.

Handling, stereo, cargo area design & cargo net, body style, sport tuned exhaust, leather seats are well bolstered



The outside styling is my only favorite thing.

Styling is really nice. We have the orange color and have quite a few folks ask questions about it. Heated seats, OnStar, sun roof, and XM radio are all enjoyed.

Style, remote start, heated seats, fun to drive

Styling, luxury features



XM radio, OnStar, headlights that come on when the windshield wipers are turned on, perimeter lighting.

Love the OnStar and XM radio features.

The front passenger seat folding flat great for the laptop.

Safety. Safety. Safety. Comfortable ride. Smooth. Excellent sound system with audio jack. Good amount of rear carrying space(could haul two mountain bikes inside). Spacious back seat. I quite like the exterior style (Euro).

XM radio, OnStar, rain actuated wipers.

Better gas mileage than advertised, excellent feel on the road, and the space inside? Fantastic!

I like the size and the power to weight ratio. I have had quite a few folks look the car over and ask me about it. Good fit of design and color.

Leather interior, torque, safety features, traction, everything! Not to mention you pimped out the exterior in a tastely manner! Nice!

Great interior fit & finish for a compact SUV in this class. XM radio. Exterior styling. Safety features.

I like the safety features and fuel economy.

Look of interior, radio, exterior, radio controls, AC, XM. Love how you can control back windows even when locked; my Honda Civic didn't do that. Also the fact that it had everything my Honda Civic EX had in base model. 

Color, body style, spacious, but still easy to maneuver

Nice looks. That is about it. Having GM buy it back... that was the best feature. Thanks Lemon Law. I am going to stick with Dodge / Chrysler.

Handling & the fold down front seat.

I love having OnStar safe and sound package and "hands free" phone in car which I will subscribe to even after trial period, and the XM satelite radio is great!

Auto start. Auto blinker. Great seats. Aggressive front end

Exterior (European styling), horsepower (zippy), size, and handling.

Style of the car, solid steering, heated seats

Quality craftsmanship, safety, cargo space and styling. Smooth ride, handling and max gas mileage. Easy manuvering in traffic. Excellent drivability in heavy rain - high driver position, operation of front and rear wipers. OnStar - safety features access to driving directions and XM radio.

Remote engine start, interior design, cargo system (it is really useful), turn by turn directions and OnStar, pickup and handling, exterior appearance.

Rain sensing wipers and OnStar. 

Remote starting - interior and exterior looks - rain sensing wipers - heated outside mirrors - leather heated seats - 

Chrome, something nonexistent in most other cars. I have advanced audio with nav and the sound is pretty good. Easy to use once the manual is read. Rain sensing wipers. Remote start. Lots of interior lighting. Chrome on the inside too.

The dash board, it's very European looking and with the tan interior it has wood grain panels which make it look very rich and stylish. Also, the cargo area is spacious and well designed. The vent looking thing on the side is a nice touch too.

OnStar with hands free calling. Nice MPG for a small SUV. Good fit and finish. Drives like a bigger ca.r XM radio with input for iPod/MP3. Attractive and practical interior design. While some owners don't know it, the console slides forward to make it a better arm rest. Adequate performance for a 4 cylinder

Heated seats, leather interior, radio control on steering wheel, automated volume control with speed change, middle arm rest in back seats, lumbar support, quiet ride.

Everything from the cup holder position, steering wheel controls, to the exterior design. Fanciest car we have ever owned.

Drives like a car, hauls items like my old truck based SUV. Mileage, interior, looks, handling.

Newly redesigned exterior, heated cloth seats, enjoyable to drive

Optional manual transmission, stereo, auto wipers and climate control. Built solid.

OnStar and XM radio are two wonderful additions that I wonder what I did before without them.

Ride is unbelievable, Styling is great both inside and out - friends keep telling us it looks like a BMW - Feels so roomy inside for compact SUV. Fit and finish are first rate. Quiet on the road - much better than other $20k cars. And did I mention I love the interior! 

Attractive interior, lots of handy compartments. Front cup holder location is perfect! Comfortable seating front and back. Got all the extras. The tilt/slide sunroof was a must as was remote start. All the creature comforts of my previous $35,000 vehicle and then some, plus money in the bank!



Exterior looks, heater side mirrors, seat comfort, the way it drove (prior to repairs)

Steering wheel controls, built in XM, OnStar, design, safety features, all the options on the base model. Totally more than the CRV or RAV, with a much better exterior and interior look!

Updated exterior, handling and driving, heated cloth seats

Body style, mpg, price, storage, curtain airbags, radio controls on steering wheel

Style, room, gas mileage, ride, handling, safety features

The Redline model is eye-catching, one of the best-looking SUV's out there. The Vue has great soundproofing with minimal engine noise and almost no road noise. Well-designed interior with good legroom front and rear, lots of storage areas and nice cupholders. Rear hatch cover and nets are nice. 

Like cleaver storage in spare tire compartment. Like compass and O/S temp gage. 

Comfortable interior, rain sensing wipers, nav system, XM radio, 257 horsepower, heated seats, voice commands, OnStar, advanced audio (10 speakers)

Exterior styling is very attractive. Excellent interior quality and attractive styling(material, textures, layout, ergonomics are all good). 3.6L V6 and 6spd auto is an excellent powertrain combination. Clean engine compartment layout. Reclining rear passenger seats are very comfortable. Storage!

Storage, quality look inside, heated cloth seats, pick up and so much more. 

Comfortable until it broke.

Love the heated seats, auto heat/cooling, OnStar, XM radio, remote start, auto sensor windshied wipers. Lots of great features.

Interior, engine, driving fun, steering, CD changer, climatronic, general automation.

Auto stick transmission. Standard radio provides excellent sound. Power drivers seat and automatic climate control.

European handling & predictablilty, impeccable interior materials, outstanding fit & finish (BMW/Cadillac quality), gorgeous exterior, comfort, convenience & features of a Lexus, extremely quiet ride, stability control even works towing my boat, ample air bags, XM radio, OnStar 

Interior storage, bigger glovebox, heated front seats and Euro styling. Standard 4-wheel disc brakes, ABS, traction & stability control & multiple airbags are plus safety features. Recommend the leather option for a more opulent look & feel, it really sets off the interior.

Heate leather seats, cargo area, back seat leg room, convenience and premium packages were well worth it!



New car smell! OnStar and XM are great to have. The gas tank locking feature is pretty cool. Very smooth ride and turn ratio is amazing for an SUV.

OnStar

Interior is so luxurious for an economy SUV. The tan intereior is far superior to the grey feels much richer and more European. Exterior styling is sporty and distinctive. Well optioned even in the base model. 4cyl engine is great! Quiet smooth ride. Mercedes quality at a Saturn price.

Style, interior quality, ride, handling, power of 4 cylinder.

Looks are great, ride is very comfortable and the 4 cyl. has plenty of power for me and I still get 24+ miles per gal. on the highway and in the country where I live. This is a great vehicle. Also love OnStar and satellite radio.

Remote start since I live in northern NY and it's very cold, heated seats, heated winshield washer nozzles, OnStar, great interior and fun to drive...oh yeah...all the compliments from people at work 

