I love the back end of the car, very eye catching, and the gauges are nice.

Acceleration, power everything, mp3 jack, trunk space, sunroof, spoiler/overall body style, fog lights, information display.

CD Player and sound system has aux in for my iPod. Good bass response from the speakers. I also like the trip computer which allows you to instant gas mileage and tire pressures. Steering wheel cruise control is nice.

I love the radio included. XM, mp3/wma, and how it does it's presets. Its neat.

Sunroof, large trunk, good stereo system, and power windows

Turbo charged 4 cylinder, super suspension, great tires, and overall great looks.

Remote start, sunroof, large trunk, stereo system and cruise control.



Information display, Fold-down rear seats (open to trunk), Good sound proofing. Zippy performance and comfortable to drive. This car will make a great graduation present for your high school kid: he or she will love it.

-I paid $5,600 for this car new -Torquey engine and gearing ratios are perfectly spaced -Fuel Economy

The great acceleration and the "fun to drive" factor.

None that I can think of. 

Good gas mileage. I love the aux jack for using my mp3 player.

Power and handling are superb. XM radio is a pleasant standard feature.

MPG, silver color, appearance and performance, on board computerized readout advising of tire pressure, oil change frequency, air temp and much more.

Safety, might save your life

Leg room in the front, XM radio. Decent trunk space. Good grip steering wheel. Good acceleration. Overall nice. 

XM radio. Cruise control on 5 speed.

Ergonomics, comfortable in front, good performance for an economy car.

MP3 player, terrific warranty, and safety options

Fuel economy, acceleration, ride comfort, handling, trunk room, styling, driver information center (trip odometer, average MPG, oil life monitor, fuel range, etc.)

Being able to get the car and color with I wanted for almost no cost 

Power, handling, 6 disc in dash mp3 player, factory 7 speaker with Pioneer 10inch sub. Brembo 4 piston calipers in the front, and the tires stick really well on a dry day.

I was able to get rid of it fairly easily. The dealerships love to sell these to unsuspecting buyers who think they are getting a great car. 

Low price, outstanding fuel economy, comfortable seat for 6'3" driver.

The sunroof, OnStar, and the seating.

I love everything about the car! My favorie is the sunroof, gas mileage and XM radio!

Sun roof and a great sound package. Quiet ride, smooth acceleration, and great handling on any surface.

Love to mess around with the onboard computer information. Instant mpg, avg mpg, outside temp, tire pressure, trip A and trip B odometer, engine temp, and average MPH. Also like the XM radio but am undecided as to cost per month for it. Car is quiet running and fit and finish is good.

Radio controls on steering wheel other controls on steering wheel

Best feature is the traction control and performance mode shifting. Cars are made to turn and corner, no doubt this little car can handle more than you'd expect.

Stereo system. Handles like a dream

The engine is a marvelous. The injector's spray fuel into the piston's at around 2000PSI, vs a normal engine at 50-80psi. The turbo, handling and stereo are all great. This would be a great commuter car, but I use it as a grocery getter, around town etc.

Fuel economy. Handles well. Driver information display. Intelligent oil monitoring. Comfortable driving. Fold down rear seats. Fun to drive. Large trunk. Tire pressure readout. Center armrest. Long oil life. Great commuter car.

XM sattelite radio, DIC information center, great gas mileage.

Huge trunk. Driver information display. Good options for giving it a sporty look. Good performance and handling for price. 

Gas mileage, ease of shifting, trunk space with 2 fold down seats, enough power

XM radio (free 90 day trial), information button that tells you average MPG, two trip sets, tire pressure, outside temp, how many miles til your out of gasoline etc. Quiet ride. Fold down seats perfect for snowboards. Keyless entry, car finder (push alarm button for 1 second, and car will honk 3x)

Looks are good. Stereo is very nice. OnStar is awesome. And the car really handles nice.

My favorite features include the driver's information center, satellite radio and suprisingly large trunk.

Price, fuel mileage

I love the auxilliary jack on the radio and the standard a/c does a good job. 

Instrument gauge features, performance, XM satellite. Again, bang for buck, you get a steal when it comes to performance. I can only imagine what the SS package would bring to the table. I also really like the cargo room in the back. In my opinion, it is plenty large. Averaging 34 mpg

Engine

Perfomance 0-60 under 6 seconds, Brembo braking performance, FE5 sport suspension, bucket seats 

I liked the exterior looks. A sporty looking car for a kid without the unnecessary bells and whistles - leaving me with a nice priced car. 

Reliable and affordable, gets good gas economy

MPG, value, MP3 input standard, head curtain side airbags, rims that came with package, handling, looks, spoiler, trunk space, driver information center, interior looks, new car smell!



OnStar, easy and fun to drive.

Seating, dash display, and performance.

mp3 jack, power, sporty look, great gas mileage.

5 speed manual, comfty smooth ride, pioneer sound system, stock rims and agressive exterior look, quick beautiful machine, good gas mileage, plenty of room for a coupe.

Excellent balance of power and handling with fuel economy and comfort. 30mpg, good cabin materials and attention to detail, looks more expensive than it really is, supportive seats w/ lumbar adjustment, saftey features (side cutain airbags, antiskid system, etc.,) manual transmission. 

Gas mileage, sound system, pick up speed between 25 and 55 mph. Nice handling around corners.

I really like the onboard computer with a lot of interesting features like the average fuel consuption, the outside temperature, the oil change calculator. The Canadian LT models have a lot of equipment: elect window, a/c, tilt steering, cruise control, keyless entry, and especially a good fuel economy 

Usable power band. Radio. Short throw shifter. 

Slick 5 speed shifter, number of features in basic model, information center, accleration and road manners.

I am still in disbelief, I got 34 mpg on my 2nd tank. The dash read 34 and I also checked it against the amount of gas I used. In 2008 it really does not get better than that. Please note that I'm the guy on the freeway going 45 mph that everyone is honking at!

Styling, MPG

Engine performance and great fuel mileage

The XM radio is great, remote start, auto lights, fuel mileage, the information center is a great feature that is more common on higher end cars, it gives you tire preasue, outside temp, mpg, avg mpg, etc. All controls are easly reached, keyless entry, 

My favorites are the XM radio, stereo sound, and a surprisingly roomy trunk. The dash has easy to read dials and a user-friendly information center.

Driving position is great once you get the seat dialed in. Great stereo and the car is quiet enough to actually enjoy it. Overall it feels like a much more expensive car, not at all like an "econo-box".

I love the quiet ride. Stop & go traffic is no longer a chore. 

I like the hepa filter its a nice addition and very helpful for allergy sufferers like myself. I also enjoy the integrated XM radio since I am a subscriber of the service already. I like having the armrest in my vehicle and the trunk seems to have ample space for what I need it for.

XM radio, Power windows, power locks, cup holders in the backseat, lots of trunk space, fold down rear seats, and comfortable arm rest.

Love the Pioneer stereo system! The overall layout of all dash controls - all very easy to reach and operate while driving. Large enough trunk to fit the golf bag! Fit, finish and styling are a plus.

ABS. They are the best safety feature! Powerful engine. Tons of features

The way that they car handles the road, the power of the 4cyl(it accelerates smoothly and quickly). And some less important things I like are the cruise contol, armrest, nice radio, the seats are comfortable, passanger air bag turns off when the seat is not occupied.

Styling looks like a Vette and a Ferrari got together and fathered a child. Sports cars should have round lights on a pronounced rear end. My Cobalt looks that cool.

Steering wheel information center.

Acceleration is there when needed. Front seat has good legroom if no-one is in back. XM radio free preview is nice. Quiet Ride Price was awesome -- I feel like with the rebates I got that I would've been hard pressed to find a better deal on a comparable car.

Radio

Great looks inside and out. Super comfort for a large driver. Feels expensive. Free 3 months of XM radio which finally solves my anger with commercial radio formats to boot! Great white color match from body to bumpers. Spoiler is right on the mark for setting off visual interest. 

I love the white racing stripes on my black cCobalt. Also that it came with OnStar the rear spoiler, 16" wheels, chrome exhaust tip

Information controls, traction control, room for driver

The pioneer sound system. Performance. Handling

2.2 liter engine with good acceleration. Good for a tall person.

Fit and finish is excellent.

The 2 doors, simple dash. Shows oil life and tire pressure. Built in XM radio. Huge trunk. Lots of leg room

Left side dash compartment

Stereo system is quite nice for such an inexpesive car. Fuel economy is good. The digital dash display with fuel mileage, tire pressures, etc. is surprising for the price.

XM radio - (Standard) Airbags everywhere (8 total) Standard! Fat cushy ergonomic steering wheel

