Versatility, car-like handling, sporty.

No comment since too many problems! 

Road handling, paddle shifters, cabin comfort, heated seats, powerful AC, RF stereo.

great space, exterior design

Sound system and auto/manual 6 speed transmission feature. Exterior design of car.

I like the environment controls and the transmission as well as the knob used to select FWD and 4WD.

Really fun to drive, love the sun roof, Bluetooth, really, really love the tailgate, the abundance of cup holders, the electrical outlet, steering wheel controls, NAV SYSTEM! Tire pressure sensors, love how you can monitor your average MPG/MPH and fast key entry/ignition!!!

HID lights - love them, FAST key system w/lock out warning if fab is left in the car, Bluetooth, heated seats (placement of switch is awkward but I've gotten used to it), 3rd row option, paddle shifts, quiet running/good balance, tailgate.

Fast Key - Sound system with hard drive rocks - navigation system above average - looks & sounds good

30GB hard drive, navigation system, 650 watt Rockford Fosgate sound system, the interior design, HID lights, strong motor, FAST key system and the 18" wheels

The 220 hp and 204 lb of torque move this thing very nicely. Comfortable on long trips, looks like it cost more, features both standard and optional let priced fairly. Key fob, sound system, rear leg room for back seat occupants, xenon and heater/ac controls simple.

Engine/transmission package. Third row seating, however third row is only for small children. 

Smooth powertrain, looks, flexible 4WD system, paddle shifters, nice cargo space within reasonable vehicle size. 

Key feature, V6 power.

Keyless entry. Braking system. Stereo. Smooth Transmission.

Nice design, great sound system.

I love the CVT with the Sportronic transmission and the paddle shifters! Also love the Rockford Fosgate stereo with Sirius radio!

Bluetooth, voice system, touch nav and Rockford Fosgate. Fast key, easy rear load, I could go on and on. Get the V6! 24 MPG.

Lift gate . Gas mileage. Strong a/c. Daytime running lights.

Handling, rear hatch, rear reclining seats, leather seats (hard at first and now breaking in-this is good), nav system, hard drive/stereo system, heat works great, braking and overall looks.

Have so many disturbing problems the only thing I can say at this time is the little things, sound system, cup holders, storage and mini tailgate.

Bluetooth, AUX jack for Ipod, roof rack, third row, adjustable back seats (they move forward and back for smaller or larger passengers). 

Keyless entry, fuel economy, overall space, Rockford Fosgate sound system, Info center, lots of storage/cup holders

Fuel economy (avg 26 MPG city/hwy combined). Navigation & Sound System, Fast Key Entry, Storage Areas Throughout.

smooth ride

Love the Sun and Sound package. Like the flip down rear seats, increases room for small children if needed. Heated seats nice feature too.

key less system, rockford fosgate audio and lots of room for the back passengers.

Style of outside and inside. Impressive to look at. Gets noticed. Vast change from the prior Outlanders. Nice light display showing useful data. Appealing SUV that draws looks. The SE is very sporty but the 18" tires take extra effort when turning. 

Fuel economy, interior room, 3rd seat, six-speed paddle shifters, awesome Fosgate stereo, A/C is ice cold, fit and finish seem great.

Just about everything! Sound system ROCKS! (you can crank it up as loud as your ears can stand it and there's still no sound distortion); tailgate; bluetooth, Nav system; 30GB/HDD, gas mileage; interior/exterior styling; tons of storage; handling.

the rockford fosgate sound system, the dashboard, the paddle shifts; and the way the back door opens.

Cargo space, dash board, seats, 4x4 manual

I would say it's the keyless entry system. It may sound gimmicky but it's nice to just slip that remote in your pocket and not have to ever take it out to start or lock the vehicle. Bluetooth hands free phone system is very nice also. Top-notch radio and CD player system.

Comfortable seats, plenty of room and loaded with high tech gadgets at a price that won't break your budget. Great 5/60 and 10/100 warranty

Sound system and power coming from the six cyl engine.

Leather interior really dresses this up, great gas mileage, nice stereo, roomy interior, responsive feel, and the fact that's it's not as common like some other major SUVs.

Paddle shifters, FAST key system, Bluetooth phone system.

6 speed transmission, gets great mileage an the paddle shifters are just awesome. I bought the tonno cover for a hyundai and that was a great buy

-FAST key system -Navigation -Rockford Fosgate stereo has some kick to it -Hard drive on stereo stores a ton of songs -Very good MPG for a SUV -Sporty looks and interior-doesn't feel as stale as the Escape, or as cheesy as the Nitro. -Plenty of cup holders and storage

Drive train, stereo/Sirius for 6 months, rear hatch drop down, handling.

Power, handling, looks, warranty

Stereo/Nav. All the toy`s

Beautiful exterior, love sitting up high, fairly comfortable ride, great radio and CD. Have the convenience package and I really like that. Lots of extras for a great price. Love the little tailgate, really helps when loading back.

Full vision while driving, 18 inch wheels

Great exterior. Good handling. Safe-top ratings from IIHS, great xenon headlights. 4WD & skid control - excellent in bad weather. Flexible seating & cargo arrangements. Nice gadgets- paddle shiffters, nav, 30GB hard drive/media player, DVD player, sirius, bluetooth, etc. Great warranty.

The Rockford Fosgate sound system sounds wonderful ? I was worried it would not be refined but it is. Other favorite features include: the dual-opening rear hatch, the AC outlet in the armrest, the 18 inch wheels, the power moonroof, the leather-trimmed seats.

Rockford Fosgate sound system, dual- opening hatch, 18 inch alloy wheels, moonroof, AC outlet in armrest, leather-trimmed seats.

Fast key, V6, 4WD, handling, Xenons, nav, transmission, warranty, exterior styling, interior, seat comfort. Exceptional value! 

CVT with 6-speed shifting if needed. More roomy than our Montero and definitely better gas mileage.

Leather heated seats are nice. Love the overall appearance of the vehicle. Sporty & functional

Great styling, inside and out.3.0 V6 is perfect and sounds nice. Like the ride/handling w/ 18" wheels. The interior has plenty of room. Lots of storage compartments and cupholders. Seats are comfortable. Navi and Sirius radio are great. I also love the Bluetooth. Big mirrors too. Uses regular gas.

Handling, sport seats, interior AND exterior design, utility, great highway MPG (I got 26 MPG on my trip home), incredible nav system, ear-numbing stereo system, easy-to-use bluetooth system, buttery smooth 6-speed transmission, paddle shifters, geek appeal, not driving what everyone else does.

Strong engine, quick acceleration powerful Rockford Fosgate sound system. 3rd row seating is convenient. Stylish LED tail lights. Two glove boxes 9 cup holders, doesn't fit my 1 L SIGG water bottle though FAST key is the key of the future. Hands-free Bluetooth system Informative car display.

Navigation and rear dvd for my nephews. CVT.

Bluetooth. Fold down tailgate. Third row seats (it is tight in size, but it is there).

All the toys it comes with, paddle shifters, ride.

