interior design, exterior design, best front cupholders ever, ease of going to 4 wheel drive, great standard radio, lot's of leg room front & rear, great designed dash & interior, lots of room inside

The look, big, sporty, kind of steroid looking. Up off the ground, stereo controls on wheel, can shift into manual on hills, satellite radio, feel safe, easy to get in and out of

Price, look, space, smooth and quiet ride.

Sound system, Nav, my gig hard drive, and rear house plug-in.

Design. Sound system (AWESOME). Overall Feel. Aggressive looking. EVERYTHING!

The plug-in behing the center consol, fold down seats, the steering wheel controls, the 20" wheels, TPI alert. 

Large wheels, sunroof, nav system, 4 liter engine has lot of power, 5 speed automatic, great seats, 

Bold styling, great performance and lot's of interior space and cargo room.

Well, I added an aftermarket power moonroof and some window tint. The default sound system was probably the best thing when I made the purchase.

Sunroof, 20" wheels, load & go, aggresive looks, seats, overall looks and feeling

Good handling, solid ride, great seats, good stock sound system, lots of conveniences, ice cold air. Great for Floridians like me, lots of chrome, fenders over tires nicely designed, awesome storage, quiet ride, seats firm the way I like them.

Rims, phone feature, info center in the dashboard, heated seats, sunroof, back up beeper

Sunroof, wheels, Sirius radio, Ipod and bluetooth capabilities, tint. Handles great, perfect amount of room for a family of 5. Looks great. 



Exterior styling, interior room and of course the fuel efficiency. 

Radio sound quality is excellent, amazing exterior look, good under body protection for bad roads, well built interior. The wheels size are perfect. 

everything, Dodge did it right this time.

It looks great, handles well, great on gas, very roomy both front and back seating areas.

Everything! 

It handles well, great on gas, very roomy both front and back and there is room for our bloodhound in the hatch area with room for her to move around.

Exterior look, Sirius Satellite Radio

Radio sounds fantastic, looks,lots of room, more then enough power for me! I like the controls and the rugged looks inside and out.

Leather interior, remote start, U-Connect (blue tooth), SIRIUS, 4.0L V6, Trip Computer.

Body appearance, handling. Great acceleration when needed.

The exterior is very attractive. 



Has a great sound system - looks good - 

Exterior looking Seats fold flat 

The looks, this is a head-turner! The rugged, solid feel. The cargo space for all my gear. The LoadnGo feature for heavy items. The Bluetooth cell phone device (U-Connect).

The seats are really comfortable and I love the dark color of the interior, the cup holders are very sturdy, which prevents back seat spills from the kiddies.

Exterior and interior design, handling, large cabin, great sound system and powerful engine.

Looks, 20" chrome wheels, very dark tinted windows, Sirius radio w/MP3 plug, slide out cargo floor and the 110 volt AC plug on the back of the center console so your not limited to the cigarette lighter type plugs and can use anything electrical in it.

Looks inside out, cabin space, power, visibility, handling, price

Body style, bold and strong

Snazzy exterior! Gauges and Sirius radio!

Styling, sure-footedness, roomy interior (for a small SUV)

Bang for the buck. For its price it is a much better buy than anything else and it looks so much better than other SUV's. I would have got it for looks alone if I had to buy an SUV

Performance, sound system, Clear view out all sides of vehicle. 4WD system works great in snow. Auto dim mirrors, auto headlights and tow package with backup warning system. Answer your phone with the stereo system. 

Looks, performance, 4x4, Sirius radio, being tall the head room is great. 

Unique style, stereo, plenty of power.

Bold, upright exterior with plenty of cargo room.

The look.

Sirius satellite radio, mileage computer, 4x4, 110 volt plug in great for laptop 

Looks, performance, brakes.

