Handling, cargo space flexibility, stereo, Honda reliability and resale, safety features.

Power, MPG, room, purchase price.

Performance, space, looks.

Interior design, flexibility, turning radius, parking.

Interior design and comfort.

Handling, comfort, gas mileage

Seats, wheels, comfort & quietness at high speeds

(Being the sport model) stereo is awesome, manual transmission, space, comfort, and performance. Getting the armrest was a really good move. Getting aftermarket parts for this car.

Fun to drive factor, economy of operation, expected reliability/longevity, interior space and versatility, active aftermarket for performance and appearance doodads, did I mention it's fun to drive?

Lay flat seating and the back "hatch".



Butter soft clutch, radio better than the accord, turns on a dime

Flexible seating. Speaker system. MP3 port. Sporty look and feel. Fuel economy. Size (I fit in the smallest parking spaces!) Handling and response. I internet purchased cargo floor mat and cover, rubber floor mats, bumper guard, locking gas cap which were much cheaper than at the dealership. 

Driveability, economy, build quality, novel use of interior space. Car feels much bigger than expected when sitting inside.

Nice stereo in the Sport model.

Small size - big storage. Easy to park and maneuver in urban traffic. The sound quality on the CD/Radio really surprised me. Oh - - - did I mention 32 to 38 m.p.g.! 

Cool euro looks. The metallic blaze orange works in all types of lighting. The car transitions well from various road conditions for decent road feel comfort. Sport type air effects trim look neat. Like the fog lights, paddle shifters, instrument cluster. Excellent sound system. Economy and handling.

The sport model is nice looking.

I'm 6,1" tall. The fit has nice leg/shoulder room (not cramped), excellent brakes, steering, no road noise. In/out access is a breeze. And cleaning the hatch (back) window is so easy. Great on gas 40+ mpg if you are meticulous with the speed limit and you if you don't 'dog the car'. Treat it well!

paddle shifter, ipod jack, sound system and looks.

Love the gas mileage for sure, especially with Cali gas prices, good acceleration through 2nd & 3rd, great window tinting, build quality and design are up to Honda standards, AMAZING STORAGE!

Fuel economy, Honda reliability, decent appointments, magic seats. Although it is a cheap car, we don't feel put upon to be driving it.

speed, power, mpg, storage space, headlights,cup holder, stereo 

I love the looks, cornering, handling, and solid build quality.It has loads of storage, although from the outside, it doesn't look like it.People are always amazed at the room inside my "Fit", and I can hide my golf clubs "under the rear seat", and still carry other people, and they have leg room.

Great mileage, fun to drive, great sound system, very useable interior space, best quality car I've had, no squeaks or rattles. Lots of features.

The economy ranks first, the "fun-to- drive" factor ranks a close second. It is remarkable that it seems so big on the inside with such a small exterior volume. The base model has all the features we require. The ABS, side-curtain airbags and the excellent crash test ratings are another plus.

Easy handling, excellent vision, great mileage, cruise control.

ABS, cargo room, flexibility, safety,acceleration, expected gas mileage, magic seats.

I-Pod hook up. The # of cup holders. I really like that the rear doors hold my sport water bottles. I always bring frozen water with me.

Sound system, body kit, rear spoiler, ease of use really. Drop down rear seats turns it into a small truck. Good pep in its engine for a small car.

I'm a disabled Veteran, and the low load floor is easy on my back when I'm loading the hatch. The Magic Seat is a God send; a walker fits easily in the back with plenty of room for passengers. This car is especially good for anyone with physical challenges. The paddle shifters are a blast!

Mileage Roomy Comfort 

Folding seat options for cargo space. Large hatch opening Sport styling and interior ergonomics. Ext. Color options. Gas mileage!

Sporty zippy appeal. Gas mileage. Versatility. Quality build. Leather wheel. 

Spaciousness, economy, utility. Comfort features (air conditioning and radio) well designed and easy to use.

The "Magic Seats" they truly are magical. Mileage and power. The heavy duty mats If your an outdoors person and get muddy these are a must. 

Paddle shifters are a hoot, gauge cluster and center console are surprisingly upscale. Go Kart fun to drive.

Great car every thing is AAAA+++++++++++++++ 10 rating on all

Displays are clear and easy to read..radio in easy to reach..seats are comfortable in the front as well as in the back..

Automatic with shifters, AC, Radio, gas mileage, fold-up and fold down seats, alarm system with fuel shutoff, flat windshield wipers which cover larger area and do a superior wiping job, keyless entry, deep blue color, overall style, and fun to drive.

Gas mileage by far. It is also very roomy, we packed all our wedding gifts in Michigan and drove over for 18 hours back home. 

The magic seats that can fold flat are awesome. there is much more interior room than i had expected. and of course the gas mileage has been great.

The flappy paddle shifters on the AT give me all of the fun that I felt in the MT. Drop the stick in S and flap away. It drives and holds people and cargo like a much larger vehicle. I saved so much money in gas that I can make my payment & pay for gas and I still save money.

MPG! 36 highway and 34 in town. Not quite 2000 miles, so it should improve. Safety features are top notch too. Beautiful paint. Car runs down the road, 90 mph is easy. Motor noise is not bad. 

Mileage, maneuverability.

Fun to drive, exterior appearance, fuel economy.

Flat Folding Rear Seats Stereo Design Fuel Economy Interior and Exterior Design (it's just a pretty car inside and out) Good Pickup/Acceleration Tight Steering

Fun to Drive Lots of Room (I can fit both bikes in the back) Good Performance on HWY I like the 

Great gas mileage, easy handling, good sound system, comfortable, great seat configuration, excellent cargo room, peppy for in-town driving

The dash information, inside space and small car driveability. Also the quick information flip chart for finding and setting things.

The very versatile interior, excellent handling and cool blue backlit gauges.

Mileage, speed comfort

Cruise control, radio, aux for playing my Ipod, 6 speakers, surprising leg room and head room, easy viewing through all windows and ability to look behind while driving, no real blind spots, solid feel while at higher speeds, all seats fold flat, easy on the eyes instrument panel.

The magic seats and the way they leave a flat floor with no gap behind the front seats. A flat floor and roomy back were the features I had to have in a new car since I take my large dog and all her equipment to shows regularly.

I test drove the Automatic but didn't like the acceleration. The Manual is much much peppier but has no neat paddle shifters on the steering wheel. The gas mileage is great. I've gotten over 40 mpg regularly. It turns on a dime, even at faster speeds.

Just about everything.

Very comfortable and roomy interior. Paddle shifters are fun. Great gas mileage. Sport package steering wheel.

Fold down back seats for larger cargo area. The back seats also fold up like a folding chair so a bike or other object can be placed between the front seats and the back seats. The gas milage. I can go 10-14 days without having to put any gas in the tank. With my other car it was every 5 days.

Steering and shift linkage. They're just superb.

Easy on gas.

The magic seats and the hatch back tray. My kid and dogs love riding around in this thing!

Good seat belt placement (doesn't rub neck). Great handling and fun to drive.

The eager engine, great brakes, airbags all around, versatile interior space, good economy. The heater works great and all weather good mannered handling. Fun to drive!

Exterior size: compact. Interior size: huge. Appointments nearing Acura styling and auality. Great turning radius and very nimble on the road. Impressive pep out of a 109 HP. Aux for MP3 players



I love how smooth the manual shifter is. Parking is a pleasure. It's no sports car, but the handling is so nimble and responsive I sometimes imagine I'm driving one. The 'magic seats' are easy to use and versatile. At the top of the list, though, is interior room and fuel economy.

Magic seats, fuel economy, dependability, looks, iPod input, fun to drive, amazing heater!

The sound system is fantastic, I could sit in my car all day and listen to my music. 

Driving enjoyment, nimble handling, lots of interior room, great fuel economy, nice stereo, super build quality and reliability.

Super fun-to-drive, surprising high quality interior materials, takes all our photo/video gear for big jobs, 32~36 mpg, easy-to-park, light & precise clutch & gearbox combo, perfect city power, good-enough stereo.

Cute! Good gas mileage, comfy seats, smooth ride, zippy handling (it wants to go), good brakes, large windshield, and that great new car smell!

Folding seats and fuel economy

Manual transmission is one of the best I have ever had the pleasure of driving. Magic seats are truely amazing. My wife has a Toyota Matrix that looks much bigger from the outside but we both feal that the Fit has way more room in the interior.

Cute & funky styling, good feel of steering and shifter, overall combination of fun & practical.

Handling, interior design, lots of space, tire pressure monitor, great mileage, a place for my dog to ride, easy to park. 



Folding seats & trunk space

The interior allows for maximum use of space. The car also has a lot of head room; it seats four average size adults comfortably. People and things will "fit." Visibility is great, and responsive steering make driving fun. The price is good, and you get the assurance of the Honda brand.

Great handling, quick when it needs to be, and it is as easy to park as my Goldwing. If you are a Honda owner most of the controls are in the same spot (you don?t need to get use to where the windshield wiper controls are). For a small car it is tight as a drum, and it even has A/C. 

Fun to drive. Good mileage. "Magic seats"

The MP3 input is great and the car just runs and runs with no hiccups

MPG and seat configurations

MPG and stereo. Excellent lighting.

Fun to drive, easy to clean, comfortable seats.

Gas mileage, seat configurations

The stereo is awesome. The folding rear seats,great to park, gas mileage.

35-40 MPG, seats fold easily, price, quiet for small car.

Seating flexibility, gas mileage, and fun to drive.

Lots of room for small car, very gutsy and sporty.

Plenty of cup-holders front and back. Seats fold in different positions. Very roomy inside. Great looking exterior. Nice stereo system. 

Fuel economy, unique styling, fold- down backseats, fun to drive.

Speakers, cup holders for all 5 seats, lighting scheme on driver's dash, SEAT CONFIGURATIONS (wow! So much room! Where did it come from?)

None.

small car outside big car inside plenty of head room people 6'5.fuel economy.smooth shifting 5spd.price tag.too many to list.



Large interior space, great handling, smooth ride (I don't know what everyone else is complaining about) and an awesome stereo. :)

MPG, "Magic" seats, % oil life, paddle shifters, hatchback design, comfortable, Cheap

paddle shifters, magic seats, mpg

transmission

Electric power assisted steering is very responsive. Gearbox feels great and the throws are short. Roomy for its size. Honda's unique "magic seats."



Mileage - averages 37-42 mpg easily. If you drive the speed limit. Stick shifts like butter. Rear seats easily fold up. You get over 41 cu ft space. 4 door easy entry/exit. Great a/c. Great build. Reliability second to none. What more can I say. Honda fit is the best car I ever owned!

Headroom and leg room.

Paddle shifters and agility as well as the room behind the front row.

Pretty much everything. Fun drive, simple stereo, simple seat fold down/up, roomy engine compartment! The whole thing put together just hit all of my buttons. Esp ABS, which is optional on many cars in this segment.

Aux jack for Ipod, The red color is beautiful. Seats fold up and down flat. Huge cargo space. More space than my SUV. Very comfortable...

Exterior, fold down rear seats, very nice layout of engine compartment, roomy interior. Peppy 1.5 gets the job done with just sipping gas.

space, mileage

Cargo space, road handle, nice quire engine, comfortable all around, nice audio system 

love the seats

Look you will see. It is awesome.

Gas mileage, power, sporty driving experience, interior room, safety features and rating, and feeling like I'm doing the right thing I can (or best I can for today's world) to reduce fuel consumption.

Love the BLUE color. Easy to zoom into a prkg space from the opposite direction. Head room is exceptional! I am 5'9" (kinda tall for a female), and much of it is 'torso'. I've 5 more " of head space~ more than ANY of my previous 5 NEW Civ's! LOVE the cargo sp. Don't lv bk seats down unless abs nec! ;D

Headroom, acceleration and the feel or a larger auto

Cargo space

The handling, the power that this little 1.5 liter engine dishes out, and the style of the exterior, interior is rated in my eyes from 1-10 is a 10 it is a simple and easy to use layout is wonderful

Interior convertibility, Electronic Paddle Shifters, Gas mileage, Good looks, Air bag safety system.

I love the AUX input for iPods or any other audio device. The myriad options for folding the seats is great and the huge cargo area. Awesome Blackberry Pearl color - very unique (at least at the moment, I've been seeing more of then as of late).

Size inside.

40-60 split bench rear seat, split- folding rear seatback 

MPG, of course. And flexibility of folding seat options for cargo. Also, I like the light that goes on when your tire pressure is low, or oil needs to be changed.

Handling, Gas mileage, Honda reliability, inexpensive to maintain. I like my rust orange color.

versatility and mileage



everything.

the seats. the get up and go. the sound system. the fuel mileage

Very easy to fold the seats and make room even for a kayak. Very cool interior design. Paddle shifters, comfortable seats, handling, style.

Interior design and flexibility. Exterior design on the Sport Trim. Handling and steering. Sound system. 

All the space with the back seats folded down. Peppy and fun to drive in the manual transmission version. Quality feel. Great value! 

Radio, all the seats, seat and side air bags with no extra charge , ride interior space [roomy]

Most of my driving is city driving. The Fit is perfect for driving about town. I can park it anywhere. I love the back seat folding options. I can fit plenty of gear in the back. Take off the front tire of my bike, it fits too, with room for one passenger in the back seat also.

Quick smooth acceleration. Mileage. Can turn on a dime and seems to glide. Great leg room and interior space. 

European design, roominess, gas mileage, handling.

fuel mileage and handling are great. Price was a tad high (compared to past daily commuter cars), but the extra features makes up for it. Welcome to the future where the standards are higher than what you are used to. 

*Tons of storage space- A BIG + *Zippy, sporty response. *roomy interior- Much more room than it looks. 

Control panel is very user friendly and very visible.

Again, fuel efficiency (we are averaging 38 mpg for Fit #1 with a best tank at 44.9 mpg), almost as much fun to drive as my motorcycles on the twisties, tremendous utility and versatility, styling (we wanted another '08 over an '09), and Honda build quality and reliability.

Comfy seats, great sounding stereo, fuel economy, doesn't ride like a cheap car

The gas mileage. I do use Shell gas which is recommended by Honda (Top Tier Gas-Google it). The price is great. Great value considering the safety features and gas mileage. Don't understand why people would want to buy the Smart Car when they can have a fit but do your research. 

Lots of room and flexibility.

Sports car handling, stereo is decent for $15k car, roomy interior, low NVH levels



I've never drove a car that handled this well! The radio is so much better than any other Honda I've been in. Tons of room. I'm 6'5" and it FIT me perfect. We love the seats and never became fatigued on the trip. This car is really a bargain with all that it has. Miss our Pilot? Not at all!

Great gas mileage. Agile smooth ride. Hatch back cargo storage. Side impact air bags (important if you have kids). Radio CD player. Ice cold AC. Large cup holders. Folding side view mirrors. Overall attractiveness. For such a small car it feels big.

Handling, mileage, sound system, engine performance, safety, seat flexibility, paddle shifters, styling, low emissions, quality interior finishes, good visibility

Small to park, big inside for cargo, folding seats, excellent mileage, loaded with big car features. 

Fuel mileage and handling are very good. Price was OK but could have been lower if forced options were removed. 

A blast to drive, easy to shift, roomy, versatile, comfortable for a family of four, 8 days on a tank of gas for a SAHM, quiet, $30 fill-up, a BARGAIN for the bucks!

Can't wait to get to the gas station again to see all the jealous people in their Pick-Up's & SUV's. This car is bang for the buck a true winner.

Design -- I think it's a great looking car. Seating manipulation -- you could stand a pony up in the back seat if you wanted. No joke. Instrumentation -- the dash looks great. Fun -- it handles very well and corners like no other car I've had.

Fuel Efficiency, the dials look cool, magic seats! 

Small size - big storage. Easy to park and maneuver in urban traffic. The sound quality on the CD/Radio really surprised me. Oh - - - did I mention 32 to 38 m.p.g.! 

Favorite Features Drivability, economy, build quality, novel use of interior space. Car feels much bigger than expected when sitting inside. 

Suggested Improvements

Style, gas mileage, room, reputation of Honda, stereo, AC, keyless entry

The unbelievable amount of room inside a very small shell. The fuel economy is better than I anticipated. The ride is very adequate and the vehicle has no difficulty keeping up with everyone else on the highway.

Pluses: great cargo space, head room, rear leg room, interior & exterior design, maneuverability & quick reaction. We put 2 teenagers and a toddler in the backseat just as comfortably as our passat- with more leg room and our 40 lb dog has plenty of room in the back, which was a surprise for us! 

Blue-lit gauges, short-throw shifter action, great handling, funky looks (especially in bright Vivid Blue), standard features, seating/loading configurations, m.p.g.

Everything! i like how the instrumentation (tachometer, speedometer, gas gauge) is bright and lit up even during the day with cool blue, red and white expressions. the paddle shifters work great..the rear seats you can flip up the bottoms leaving you 4 vertical feet of space.

I love the stereo system and the height of the cargo area.

Averaging over 30 mpg. Cornering is great. Roomy interior with plenty of head room. Lots of storage space.

MPG,fold flat seats,overall quality,

