Audio system, the ride, comfortable seats and easy access to rear storage area.

everything!!!!

Sync. Base sound system. Agressive front styling. smooth ride.

In a word, SYNC!!!!!!

I have never had problems with past explorers, so did I just get a bad one, or should you overlook the 08? Favorites: Exterior styling, comfort, drivability, safety, size, height, availability of parts for when it has problems, and durability.

Sync has to be the best feature on this car. It lets you control your stereo without lifting a finger. The power running boards are great.

Car look great drives great. My last one ran to 195K and still looked good.

Sync System is awesome! Interior is very comfortable and puts you up in the air like an SUV should. Overall ride is also very good for a truck- based SUV. Really love the look of the 18" chrome wheels. Safety features aren't sexy, but are appreciated. Did I mention how cool the Sync System is?

Large storage behind 2nd row seating, towing ability, comfortable, handles better than a new Durango that I drove. I like the solid truck-like feel.

Sync and the navigation, also being able to plug I-pod up directly is nice. Power running boards are cool. Nice power increase from the 2003 V8. 

Good power, plenty of cargo space, Sync, dual zone climate control, heated seats, towing capacity, saftey features and ride.

The overall design of the interior.

Adjustable pedals, seat memory, V8, quietness, storage, comfortable seats.

Driver's comfort, 3rd row seating, adjustable seat for 2 drivers. Outside keyless lock/entry system.

The ride and feel is awsome, lots of power, I like that it looks like an SUV not a car.

Sync, Sirius, Class 3/4 trailer hitch set-up with two different types of electrical plug ins, Power fold 3rd row seats. Rear air conditioning and heating controls, Reverse sensing.

Solid, no rattles. Seats are comfortable and heated. Sync is fantastic, the hands free phone and USB connection are great.

Heated seats! Orange color/ironman package and 4wheel drive

Navagation system, retractable step boards, A/C heat system 

Microsoft Sync is amazing. Seat/pedal adjust will fit any driver. V8 is worth the extra money. Handles well, rides like a luxury car. 

Acceleration 0-40. Comfortable interior. Roomy 3rd row seat. Driver window one touch auto all the way down feature. Safety features. Classy looking. Rear parking-assist option. Decent turning radius. Built-in garage door opener option. Responsive road handling. Lots of 12 Volt power adapter plug-in locations

