The hardtop roof is in a class by itself. It is faster...lighter...and does not impede the trunk. Have you looked at the other hard top trunks with the top down? You can't even get a carry-on in there! The Miata is more practical for a trip to the store than the others due to the trunk!

PRHT is fun but the novelty wears off quickly. Car must be in neutral for duration of state change--at least 12 seconds, which is often impractical at stoplights. Fun to drive when the aggravating design errors aren't glaring.

Retractable hardtop is absolutely great! Up or down in 12 secs, with more headroom and quieter than the soft top. Handling is exceptional, and ride much better than expected for a sports car. And if you stomp on it, the MX-5 delivers as much performance as you'll ever need in sane driving.

A 12 second folding hardtop! Kudos to Mazda for engineering one very slick top. Good sized and shape of trunk. Basic maintenance is easy to do yourself. The shifter is buttery smooth and precise compared to other manual cars I've driven.

Easy top operation, good sound system, short shifter, handling, 28 mpg

The single latch top is a great improvement. The fun to drive factor was high when I bought the car and has increased as I get comfortable with it.

The six speed manual transmission starts shifting very smooth after a couple thousand miles. Bose stereo is nice quality and the door speakers seem very robust. Ease of the drop top is nothing short of incredible. After a little practice...3 seconds down, and 5 seconds up...from the drivers seat.

Much prefer the Grill look of the 2008 vs the 2009 smiley face version. Enjoy the reduced wind noise of the hard top verses the soft top at 65 mph. Like the trunk space compared to most other competitors.

Convertible hard top, great interior, Bose stereo system, the bottle holders on the door, top down air conditioning setting, remote auto windows down function.

Soft top is one of the best designs around. Easy to put up and down. Looks classy too. 

Handling, the Miata is a balanced vehicle that will not dissapoint as a daily driver or a weekend only cruiser.

Trunk space - more than you think. Easy soft top operation. Paddle shifters on steering wheel. Responsive, sports car feel and performance. Reliable, and gets good mileage (although with a small tank, you fill up more). The MX 5 is pure driving fun! Just try not smiling when you drive it.

The retractable hard top is awesome. Bose sound system is great and love the leather interior with heated seats.

Horse and rider as one, baby. 

Cup holders, the out look of the car, lots of room (for a 2 seater)

Beautiful car, wonderful driving dynamics and just a joy to drive, very nice and classy interior, Bose stereo has excellent clarity and sound quality, keyless entry and ignition is really cool as are the heated seats.

The handling, and personal feel of the car. The quality of build seems exceptional. I love the open air driving and the way the car responds to driver inputs. Styling and the way other people react to my Miata. Gages are terrific. Steering feel & turning radius. Shifting is just plain fun.

Great ride & handling; fabulous instruments,controls & Bose stereo. Power Retractable Hard Top. Fantastic build quality. Great mileage (29.8 MPG first tank/back roads). No European ?badge baggage? or reliability issues to worry about. Forget the GPS, Bluetooth and luxury pack-grab a map and G0!

5 Speed shift, acceleration, colors (Silver and Black), 5 spoke rims, the ease of use of the pop-top. Being low to ground is a great feel. (But I wish they would provide a lift recliner for getting in and out of the car.)

Where do I start? 6-speed tranny is very responsive; handling is superb; inside and out are classy; I think cockpit is just the right size and balance. If you are looking for something roomier, get a performance sedan. I like the contrast between this, my Millennia (96 S - terrific car) and my SUV.

Retractable hard top,trunk space, and manual shift automatic.

Handling is fantastic. PRHT so easy to use, and takes 12 only seconds to go up or down (exactly as advertised). PRHT does not impinge on trunk space (unlike most retractable hard tops). I have the 6-speed auto, with semi-auto that can be used via the stick, or via paddle shifters. Great fun.

The drop top takes no time at all to open and close. Controls are easily accessible. Handling. Fuel mileage.

My favorite features of the car would be the whole car is excellent.

Responsive handling, braking, and throttle. Ease of ragtop operation.

Sport tuned suspension,hard to believe they can get that kind of ride quality & still handle this well. Advanced keyless entry, retractable hardtop, DSC W/traction control, awesome brakes, Bose stereo is very Nice and extremely clear, leather is very Nice quality, very roomy compared to Honda S2000.

I bought the Special Edition which comes with all the bells and whistles. The rag top is just way to easy to operate, I love it. The Bose stereo is unreal, especially nice is the auto-pilot feature. It runs on tracks, I swear, and is much more comfortable than I thought it would be.

Exterior looks, interior layout, powertrain, handling, gas mileage, the smile on my face every time I take Little Red out for a drive.

PRHT hands down a slam dunk! The Bose CD changer is pretty good as well. The beefed up suspension was a great choice and makes the car a joy to drive. Xenon low beams are great but could be aimed a bit higher.

I love the dark brown leather with light blue stitching. The other favorite feature is the steering response. The turning radius is so small that I can do a complete 360 degree turn on my narrow street with cars parallel parked on each side. This car is so easy to love... I can't say enough!

Top operation slays the competition. Handling is great fun. 

Short throw shifter, ease of lowering/raising top.

The PRHT, the British sportscar styling, 6-speed, tight handling, the chrome accessories (i.e., fuel filler door) against the gray paint, the fact that it's JUST SO CUTE!

How well the overall ergonomic are. No fancy gimmicks, nothing to distract the driver. Everything where it should be. Love the HID low beams.

Lowering and raising the power hard top is an attention getter. Precise handling.

Paddle shifters, and ease of converting into a convertible.

Handling is the best. Top up and down with 1 hand in 2-3 seconds is great too.

Handling is so much fun! And drop and raise the top with 1 hand in 2 seconds.

Gas mileage and the power hard top. I love the Blue Mica color too!! Really everything!!

Power retractable hard top (PRHT). Provides a measure of security over soft top, as well as less noise at speed. Goes up or down in only 12 seconds, and takes up no trunk room.

Performance - again, very agile, quick, flat, secure and predicable on twisty roads.

The handling.

Easy top big trunk for this class of car.

Lovely paint, decent little trunk for a droptop. I also like the little growl of the 4 banger, and the great shifter.

The interior ergonomics are simple, comfortable, and intuitive. No giant mess of buttons, no complicated electronic interfaces. Simiilarly, the driving dynamics are fantastic, particularly for a car with 166 horsepower. Everything works in unison. The light weight also helps greatly.

SE colors outside Icy Blue, inside chocolate leather. Chocolate brown cloth top. Top operation is quick & easy, fit and finish are top notch. Bose radio system, automatic tranny shifts smoothly. Ride and handling. Advanced keyless entry system. Just about everything about the car I'm happy with.

The top and the quality of the interior.

PRHT, trunk space, fun to drive, great audio sound, one-on-one time with a kid or significant other, much easier to wash/wax than my SUV and van.

The most amazing aspect of this car is the automatic hardtop. It's quick and takes up no more space. Also, the overall exterior and interior layout is very clean and simple. 

The quick PRHT is a great toy to play with, especially at stop lights. More practically, it cuts down on road noise and increases security without compromising trunk space. The steering wheel mounted audio controls are a nice convenience to reduce distractions.

Power retractable hard top, color, heated seats, Bose stereo, tilt steering. 

Lightweight, 50/50 weight distribution, great handling fun to drive car. Very nice interior easy to operate soft top. It's got a usable trunk!

Stormy Blue Mica, AT, cat like quickness, so much fun, build quality.

Suspension, Interior package.

