Looks, ride, navigation sys.

Nav system. Doors unlock at the touch of the door handle.

looks, power, push button start 

power from engine, fit and finish 

Mark Levinston surround sound, parking assist, and back up camera option a must! The style interior and exterior is tops. Fuel economy is as good as my 7 year old honda accord 4 cyl. 

The new 3.5 liter engine is strong and was what the 06 lacked, it pulls hard and gets good mileage. The nav system, that I didn't want, turned out to be great and now I can't live without it! Best feature is the style, I still get compliments!

The appearance, performance, and comfort along with the great sound system. 



Engine performance. Low road noise.

Nav system

Automatic wipers. Power with MPG. Put your hand on the handle to open the door (any door) and the car automatically unlocks. No buttons to press. Mark Levinson stereo is amazing.

Engine, ergonomics

Touchless key entry, smooth elegant ride, pkg sensors. FUN DRIVE!!!!

Folding mirrors. 

Red walnut interior trim, total fit and finish is pristine, elegant, safe, very comfortable

Navigation, HID lights, leather, seats.

Value. Highway gas mileage/performance. Navigation system/blue tooth. front/rear sensors and back up camera. Keyless entry and start. Run-Flat tires (peace of mind). Interior storage is good. 

Ml audio system, parking assist, vehicle performance and handling, overall comfort and refinement.

Back up camera, nav, stereo, and styling.

Bluetooth, nav system/central screen controls, keyless entry.

Smooth responsive and quiet ride, superb sound system, comfortable leather seats, plenty of leg room in front and in the back, smooth downshift cotrol and Park Assist are my favorite features.

Nav, Mark Levinson sound system

Has more horsepower, that's about it.

Nav, backup camera, quickness, technology

Gorgeous interior and best nav system around. Soft, luxurious leather and great sportiness

Fun to drive, fit and finish are excellent, features abound, nav system beautiful, almost any Blue Tooth phone will work (mine is an early Sony and still works), 300 horse V6 that jumps to 100 and is still averaging 27.3 MPG is just what the doctor ordered.

Look, acceleration, AWD, navigation, comfort and price.

GPS, backup camera, leather seat and beautiful wood trim. Bluetooth pairs up with any BT read phones.

Navigation system is the best. Great 2008 colors. Best in class of 2008 offerings when compared to Mercedes, Acura and BMW.

