ride quality

Fuel economy, ride quality and CVT.

Automatic rain sensing wipers, larger HD navigation screen, back-up camera, AFS turning HID headlights, power rear liftgate, Bluetooth system, voice activation, telescoping steering wheel, quick acceleration in times of need, the fact that it's silent under 20mph!

Hybrid engine with lots of zip and great mileage, steering and suspension makes this SUV feel like a sports car, luxury interior looks and feels great, seats that have the heating feature in both the seat and lower back. Automatic tailgate is a great convenience. 



Luxurious and comfortable interior, spectacular gas mileage, stylish exterior design, incredible handling.

I don't really have one, but my grandchildren love the integrated Bluetooth phone to talk to their grandfather or parents. My kids like the nav system.

Auto tail gate

The ride is spectacular!

Getting 31 MPH in a 24 MPH expected world. The technology involved in creating this vehicle is remarkable. Everything functions better then the PlaneView Avionics on a Gulfstream G550. Toyota has exceeded my expectations with this puppy. Easy to use, fun to operate, and a thrill to drive.



None

Comfort, backup camera and nav system.

Fuel economy for this size vehicle is very impressive with the hybrid system. The backup camera is awesome. The navigation system takes some time to learn but a very powerful tool.

Electronics, touch screen nav, personal storage, comfort, quietness, power on demand, great mileage,actual utility in a sports utility vehicle. Love the fact you can use AC without engine since it runs on electrical circuit so no wasting gas during stops. 

Power. Great mileage. Comfortable seats. Luxurious interior. Nice warranty.

The performance between 30-70+ MPH is awesome. Love the fact that the car runs on battery anytime you are under 40 MPH and not gunning the engine. A real gas saver. Love the navigation system and AC unit. Very luxurious.

Wood trim mixed with the brushed metal finish on the inside lends to a classy interior. Ride quality in 2008 has improved over the 2006 RX 400h. Blue interior courtesy lights add a neat touch.

Bluetooth, GPS system, 6 CD changer, automatic rear door open/close. 

The sound system and bluetec connection is terrific. Also, the adjustable backseat comfort for our passengers.

There are many nice features including excellent bluetooth sound quality. Backup camera is very accurate.

Elegant inside. Dual seat adjustments work great. We have a steep driveway and it made it down in "B" with no problem - better than my 4WD Pathfinder.

Very comfortable and beautfiul interior. Fun to drive and sporty looking. Has plenty of power.

Interior.



Smooth acceleration, quiet interior unless you are aggressive with the acceleration, Safe and responsive steering, auto windows on all controls not just the drivers.

