The sonar is great - it's kept me out of two fender benders. Leather seats are comfortable & easy to clean, good turning radius, love the automatic side & rear doors. Row 3 seat removal is easy; just stow in the floor. Large trunk area when all seats are up. 6- trac CD player, automatic sunroof.

Lots of comfortable room. Love the auto everything - climate control, seat memory (my husband is 6'4" and I'm 5'2"), rear seat folding, etc. Leather seats have worn very well & still look new. SMOOTH highway driving is great on long trips. It has surprising acceleration when you need it. 

6-disc CD player; keyless entry; garage door remote; exterior temperature indication and compass.

Price - before GM and Chrysler rebates became available.



The Safety, Horsepower, and spacious cabin. If you are looking to buy a minivan, get this one, it is most worth the money. Do not purchase a Honda Odyssey, Dodge Caravan, Chrysler Town & Country or Nissan Quest. The Toyota surpasses those competitors in every category.

Well appointed for low end model. Cruise control is nice. How the lights turn on when entering the vehicle.

Sunroof, navigation capabilities (only when stationary - it won't operate by touch), laser cruise, power folding mirrors, quiet ride, audio and entertainment system, household plug outlet 

Ride is super! The versatility? Can't beat it! Handling? Super! Gas mileage? Fine. Roominess? Top notch.

Very good build quality inside and out. Very good reliability. Comfortable interior. 

Overall comfort, and performance. I can only hope Toyota lives up to its reputation for dependability. That was the primary reason for our purchasing this brand. Still within 500 miles it's had two minor electronic issues already.

We love the front-and-center 8th seat; this is great for an infant car seat. Also love the room, the ride quality and the STAR safety features.

Powerful engine, quiet, fuel economy, roomy, comfortable ride, standard safety features.

Luxurious interior, smooth powerful engine, lots of cool gadgets, smooth ride, lots of space, great stereo.

Engine, more power. Power doors, nicer interior than LE. Ride and mpg.

I like the radio and cd systems they have very good sound.

Trip computer, power, value, luxurious ride

Smooth ride, lots of space (wide), power sliding doors, etc

Power and comfort. So much room for everything. Handles better than expected.

Navigation, bluetooth, stereo system, soft ride, storage, power sliding doors and liftgate, power fold 3rd row seats.

power passenger sliding door-wish we got dual ones!

Smooth acceleration, quite cabin, interiors and exterior styling.

Comfortably seats up to 8 adults. Front and center position for infants. Powerful yet efficient engine. Dual power sliding doors, trip computer, DVD player

AWD, GPS navigation, rear DVD, comfy 2nd row Captains chairs, power sliding doors and power tailgate, JBL stereo, laser cruise control. Bluetooth and a clean, classy interior.

The DVD player with wireless headphones. The comfort and the way the car handles.

Dual sliding doors with power windows. Rear-view and outside auto dimming/signal mirrors. Sienna factory rubber mats. Telescoping and tilt steering wheel. Electronic trip computer. Dash lighting. Refined V-6 engine. Alloy wheels. Multiple airbags and safety features. Daytime running lights.

Feels sturdy and well built in and out. Rear cargo space goes nearly to the ground. Quiet ride. Traction, ABS, full airbag curtains standard even on our base model. Built-in baby mirror. Seems designed by someone who heard us complaining about our last car. Drop a drink, probably hit a cupholder.

room, quite ride, solid, safety

Enjoyed electric front driver seat with lumbar adjustments. All the storage, cup holders. Back seats that fold down into floor.

The looks are a favorite and long with the leather and dash lights in the blue color.

Good power, smooth ride, comfortable seats, huge cargo area and loads of well integrated useful gadgets (radar cruise control is a real hoot!).

Dual sliding doors, fold flat rear seats, Good power, good mpg, rear windows that go down, 14 cupholders, nice dash design.

Everything from wood trim on dash and front doors, iPod connection, homelink, trip computer, leather and power seats, power doors and tailgate, 17" wheels.

Bluetooth operation, interior design, good economy.

Powerful, comfortable, quiet, well built.

Engine, sound system, seat comfort, gas mileage, features, and quality.

We (and the grandkids) love the power side doors. Best toy is the link to plug an ipod into the radio. In three days I uploaded my oldies CDs to a new ipod nano. Great feature Toyota and Apple.

comfort

Engine and transmission works well togther. Backup camera is much higher quality than Honda's. Placement of door switch on the overhead console as well as b-pillar. Bluetooth. Seats are comfortable. Smooth ride and better body motion control over rought roads. Quiet. HID.

Really smooth ride. Even the brakes are smooth and absolutely no outside noise at all.

Ride, DVD player, JBL sound system, engine, build quality and gas mileage.

Power rear liftgate, light-touch power sliding doors, DVD, in-dash 6-CD changer, dynamic laser cruise control, high-intensity discharge headlamps, power-folding 3rd row seats, daytime running lights, moonroof, Bluetooth, power folding side mirrors, auto on/off headlamps, front & rear parking assist

Power. Hwy mileage. Storage compartments. 3rd-row stowing seats. Turning radius.

The room and the smooth ride.

The little mid seat for Mallory. Gas mileage is good for van. The other four kids like the electric back doors.

Quality and design. We are a Town and Country convert.

Engine power, DVD Entertainment System, 17" Alloy wheels, overall fit and finish, internal passenger and luggage room, AC outlets

Low noise & build quality, fold 2/3 row seats, radio with 6 CD changer, mp3 aux plug, overhead display w/homelink & compass (many mileage related stats), in-wheel radio controls.

All around solid design.

I love the design - I think it's the prettiest minivan going. It's so quite (which is great with kids), handles well, very smooth - all good features for a van that's going to haul you and yours on family trips everywhere.

Fold flat rear seats, everything about the radio (CD changer, mp3/wma compatability, speed sensitive volume, aux input), dashboard display, fold down center console.

Power, features, value, reliability, and comfort.

Bluetooth, heated seats, moonroof.

Strong V6 engine (it's faster than my expectation of a minivan), roomy interior (I'm a big guy and I can lay down comfortably in the back, when I go camp), and build quality.

3.5L V6, gas mileage, comfort, DVD/navigation system, JBL sound system, and the quality of a Toyota.

The 3.5L v6, comfort, sound system, fuel economy, bluetooth technology.

The electronic dash is the best I have seen besides the Lexus.

