Satellite Radio, Sporty feel and, power verses fuel economy.

Leather Interior, very good quality interior along with great sound system, bulletproof 3.0 V6 and ultra strong AISAN 6-speed automatic transmission. High quality paint, very well built overall and extremely fun to drive. It accelerates faster than my 88 5.0 mustang. Great Job Ford!!!

Leather Seats Heated front seats Trunk space with folding rear seats Stereo System rocks Sunroof Color (sage green) V-6 has nice pick up and go. 

Size, sun roof, 6-changer CD player. Nice extras for the cost, as compared to other sedans we looked at.

Sync, Power everything, stereo, wheels, red stitching, leather seats, I love everything on this car!

Love it just the way it is.

I have the basis package so coming from a 99 Ford Escort I like the automatic windows, cd player, and stereo system.

Sync

Very easy to use internal controls, 6 disc changer and wheel controls. Excellent ride and steering, styling is unique and different than every other mid-sized sedan out today...

The SYNC system is brilliant; the manual tranny is fun, but a little vague; great style, inside and out; smooth engine; well equipped; good ride/handling balance; climate control is very clear and intuitive, but mounted too low in the console.

Sports appearance package which included elegant vinyl with cloth insert seating, interior accents, spoiler, upgraded suspension components, 18" low profile wheels and tires and beautiful red stitching on seats for only $895! Are you kidding me? The Moon & Tunes deal for $795 was another winner!

I don't have just one...too many to list

Smoothness of the ride, the look of the Fusion (black with chrome) and of course - SYNC! Test drive it before you make a decision. 



Sync option from Microsoft

AWD, fold down rear seats, ABS

The Sync system is my favorite feature, hands down. The crisp handling was the biggest surprise.

The leather and cloth combination sport interior is by far my favorite aspect of this car. A huge step up from the Civic Si's similar premium cloth interior. Second favorite is the smooth V6. I find myself just cruising along at high speed not realizing that I'm speeding. 

Satellite radio, gas mileage, interior space.

Satellite radio is amazing. Love having all hvac and radio controls on the steering wheel. Automatic headlights as well.

Ride, build quality, performance.

This car looks good to the eye. I like the location of the gauges, controls, tilt & telescoping steering wheel. I had the car the entire day and frankly, couldn't find anything I would change. The 17" wheels and Michelins really set it off. But the color is just really eye catching. Beautiful!

Steering, handling, engine, and brakes. The 5-speed manual is good, but not as good. he back seat is roomy for an intermediate. Standard sound system is better than average. Conti Contact Sport tires are very good. 



I love how it handles and the stereo rocks. 

Excellent brakes, tire pressure monitor, no wind noise and low engine noise.

Sync is fine. Car handles well and is very comfortable for a mid size car. A very good looking car with high marks for reliability. Ford may be the savior of the US auto industry.

5 speed manual trans. Try and find this in any other American car this size. Stereo and Sync. Sport package.

Ride is quiet, sporty w/o being too rough, and it's so much fun to drive. Exterior is slick and sophisticated. Interior is roomy and comfortable, love the seats. Stereo sounds great. SYNC rocks and Ford's going to keep releasing stuff for it for free! Parking assist makes things much easier.

Heated leather seats, Sync for my phone, huge trunk space, Very sensitive and quick A/C and heating system, Keypad for entry, Safety lights under review mirrors when you get out, The fact the radio stays on with the car off if you're still in it for up to 10 minutes.

Engine, Sync, comfort, design, price, reliablity

Fun to drive, sound system, smooth transmission.

Fuel economy. Averaging 29mpg with 70% highway 30% city. Very comfortable interior. Excellent handling. 

SE nicely equipped. Comfortable, quiet & excellent ride. Steering wheel mounted controls. Telescoping steering wheel. understated dashboard is clean and uncluttered. Great stock stereo.

SYNC, trunk space, ride quality, dependability.

The sunroof, room, space, color choices, dash storage (large enough to store a GPS unit) and trunk size. 

Microsoft Sync, heated leather seats, gas mileage, safety! The Sync is great I was just getting the hang of it. Our state had just passed a law on no hand held cell phones and I have troubles with the ear pieces, this is a great option to that.

Nice ride, love the included Sirius radio and the parking assist. Seems to be of good sturdy quality. Reviews place Ford at least even with the imports, if not better, in reliability. Trunk space is great for a mid-size.

Sirius radio, sync, moonroof, and all those extra toys

How did I live without Sync? Can't imagine not having it now!

Performance package, audiophile sound system with SYNC, black/red interior. Gas mileage - avg. 28. Nice!

Sync 

Everything

Sync, sirius radio, 6 CD player, moonroof, interior and exterior, v6 engine. I guess you could say I love it all.

How it handles, exterior sporty look, fuel economy

Large trunk, six CD player, sync, USB port, the three auxillary ports. I also like the rear fold down seats.

The handling, cornering, seat comfort, leg room. The products used for the interior look very nice and well built. Not a cheap looking interior like you find in lots of other cars nowadays.

Sirius radio, Moon and Tune (great speakers) leather seats, the exterior red color, great pick up, safety (lots of airbags) and fun to drive

SYNC, moon roof and gas mileage

The iPod and phone features with the SYNC are great and exterior styling with the sports appearance package. The car also handles extremely well in cornering.

Quiet cabin, Sync, mileage, and handling.

SYNC and thats the only option I bought

We love the Sirius radio (kids love it too), and the display of "miles to empty" is nice. The back up assist is great if you parallel park often.

All the features are execelent but the mpg and fun to drive are my tops, almost equal with the other features

I love the extra cup holders on the front doors. Love the sync system. Just everything in this car is luxury for a great price

Sync, huge trunk, lots of room in front and back seats, looks.

Sport and sync package with the leather/cloth seats. Overall great looks for this car.

Navigation system and automatic climate control

The Fusion's handling is very precise, with more than enough pedal if you need it. Fun to drive

Space in trunk, roominess in front and back. Lots of luxuries for a small price.

The V6 responsiveness. The 6 speed always in the right gear. The 1700 rpm engine speed cruising at 70 mph.

Fuel mileage (gets about 32 on the hwy, and 24 in the city). much better than the EPA ratings. ipod input jack. Very roomy interior, great styling, and the exterior looks great as well.

6-speed transmission, just as smooth as can be! Headlights bright with great pattern. (High beams are good for re- educating dunderheads who never dim!)

SYNC, mpg, and the feel

I love the sync system, the controls are easy to use and understand, the leather seats are soft and easy to care for. 

Sport appearance package - 18" wheels. SYNCH - audiophile sound system.

Looks, handling, moonroof, wheels, fuel savings, styling, everything

It's great all around, but like many the SYNC system makes driving and using your phone, radio or ipod safe. It's fun to use and suprisingly easy. The Audiophile sound system is great and was a must have after hearing the stock system. Great balance of sporty and classy with the spoiler option.

Sync is incredible no manually entering in your phone book. Sync will automatically download your phone book via bluetooth in minutes. MPG

Cruise control, tilt and telescoping steering wheel, autolock feature

I love the rumble of the exhaust when I accelerate quickly, but it stays quiet if I am gentle with it. I love the heated leather seats and the chrome grille.

Sync, exterior styling. 

Automatic temperature controls are great, Sync is awesome, this thing reads me my text messages. Power and handling is excellent and the 8 speaker audio system is insane. Best stereo I have ever seen in a car factory installed. I like the ambient lightning although most think it is just a gimic.

SYNC, heated seats, reverse sensors

Manual tranny, moon roof, audiophile stereo. Same as Toyota reliability. Price!

Monthly car payment

SYNC!

Sync, hands down coolest feature yet!

The driving dynamics, while not as sharp as the Focus are top notch considering the car's size. The controls are all laid out in a logical fashion for the most part and the SYNC system is a godsend, making using my digital media a snap.

Heated seats, steering controls, Aux input for my ipod. 6 disc mp3 player. 

Audiophile sound system, sync, leather, and the huge trunk. Handling is killer.

Quiet interior even at highway speeds. Great manual transmission. Audiophile sound is great. Sync is fun.

The quality of the ride, braking power, precise steering, leather seating w/contrast stitching.The radio can be optimized for the driver only as well as automatically adjust the volume to increasing noise upon acceleration on the highway.Audio controls located on steering wheel.Keyless entry. Value

The big trunk space, the seats, head room, 

SE Automatic w/ Sirius

SYNC is definitely my favorite! Power leather heated front seats, 6 CD changer, audiophile sound system, 17" wheels, and stylish interior and exterior ain't too bad either!

Sport package. Moon & Tune. Smooth power. 6 speed auto-transmission

Sync system is cool, styling stands it apart from the crowd, handling.

Crisp handling, powerful brakes, generous standard equipment on base car, price.

Handles like it's glued to the road, accelerates wonderfully well for a 4 cylinder car and rides very very smoothly. I love all the sync features, my bluetooth phone worked perfectly, my ipod imported on the first try. Interior is roomy and comfortable for two people that are 6'3". 

3L/V6 is a good compromise of power and fuel mpg. Sleek lines. Fantastic roadholding. Comfortable seating. Upgraded sound system. Huge trunk. Black chrome finish.

Style, Audiophile sound system, fuel economy.

Sync, Sport Handling package (Corners better then my 06 Mustang I traded for this), Interior Lights, Leather stitched seats, center dash storage, and dual level center storage.

Engine has timing chains driving cams; no belts. Love the tight suspension and independent rear wheel suspension too. Very comfortable vehicle. I traded in a 1993 Crown Victoria and found little comfort lacking in this great Ford Fusion S model compared to my old Ford. 

Interior features - leather, tilt & telescope steering wheel, power seat, and exterior styling. Excellent fit and finish. 

I love the seats, the smoothness of the engine and the drive, even on Saskatchewan roads which are not the best! Apart from a slight chatter of the passenger at -20 degrees now the weather has warmed it's disappeared not a single fault

I like the fact that I got leather seating, a 6-changer CD and a moon roof for much less than I would have paid for other brands. Quiet engine at idle and low speeds. Smooth pick-up.

I like the message center with the average gas mileage displayed. The moon roof adds to driving pleasure. It handles well, has great styling, especially the front grille and fog lights, a quality sound system, and a fully adjustable steering wheel. It is well equipped at a reasonable price.

Microsoft Sync, Sirius satellite radio. Reverse sensors (saved me from hitting a couple of things already!) Road handling. Comfortable, heated leather seats. Moon roof. Upgraded 8-speaker sound system

Sirius satellite radio, controls for radio and cruise on the steering wheel, power drive seat with manual lumbar, spoiler

Love the line-in jack...took these car companies long enough to catch on to that one. Telescopic/tilt steering wheel is also a main reason I bought the car. I do wish it tilted a bit further down, though. No rattles/squeaks after 1,200 miles...which is very important to me 

A few favorites have to be steering wheel controls, six disc and mp3 player. Ride comfort and handling. The amount of standard features on each model. The competition makes you pay for every option and Ford did a nice package of standard features. 

Leather and cloth seats, and interior's look of the Sports Appearance package Exterior looks sharp. Solid feel on the road. Very good value with regard to price and what is included. Excellent steering feel.

