V6 engine, SYNC, cargo area roomy for size of vehicle. Somewhat truck-like styling is way cooler than competitors which look like small station wagons on steroids!

Sync system, auto headlight, navigation, reverse sensor, sun/moon roof, key pad entry (can keep the keys in the car while I go running).

Everything (I got the Limited 4CYL AWD) . Very nice interior and functionalities. 

To tell you the truth the only thing I like about this SUV is the bluetooth.

Fuel Economy Nimble Steering Nice Sound System

SYNC, Moon & Tune, handling.

Seats go down Fast! 

The voice activated navigation. I'm always running late for everything and it's great to get directions while you are on the go. I have not even tried to program any directions yet. The sync phone system is very nice too.

I basically forced my parents to throw in the Moon and Tune package, and i love Sync and my sunroof. Sync is reliable most of the time for me and the remote start is also very convenient. Back to Sync, I highly advise to get sync with any Ford, one of the best things about the car.

Sync system, sun roof, power seats, and information center.

Sync, sun roof, heated seats (added) remote start (added). Fun to drive.

Sync, center console, radio quality, USB port, Sirius radio (when I don't lose its signal), MPG

Peppy. Large windows and windshield for great visibility. Good gas mileage. Gets approx. 25 plus mpg.

I really liked the new front end design, new engine, new transition from the 08 model better MPG. Ford also has intergraded technology very nice into their lineups. 

Sync, handling, keyless entry

Fit and finish, solidity, power, smoothness, comfort.

Safety, car like dynamics, design, standard Stability and Traction Control

See above.

Microsoft SYNC System - Voice command stereo system.

Love the bluetooth and V6 power. 4WD is wonderful!

The sync is a dream and I was given a run thru it when i bought it and have used it daily, the space and pretty shiny color red hot 

Reliability, attention given to detail on every aspect of the vehicle, comfort, and very reasonably priced

Great gas mileage. Fun options. SYNC was great.

leather seats were great, the 6 cd changer and satellite radio was great.

Sync, Moon/Sun roof, easy to vacuum interior, center storage.

SYNC system is awesome, I have a 32GB USB Thumbdrive plugged in with my music. The 'SEX' ambient lights are rad. The front seats are very comfortable. Removable cup holders that can be washed in dish washer. Tons of music imputs. 29MPG

Sunroof-Sound System-Tinted Windows-Chrome 17" Wheels. :) 

MPG, Sync, climate control, radio

gps lots of room gas mileage only 735 miles will let you know more later on

Gas Mileage, reverse sensors and impressive stereo system top the list not to mention a quick response while driving, the moon roof, heated seats and comfort!

The SYNC technology is the coolest on any vehicle (voice-activated stereo controls as well as cell phone controls). Ambient lighting (different colors throughout the vehicle) is fun. Huge center compartment (removable inserts) - could probably fit a large purse/bag in there.

Sync is awesome and works well; Smooth, quiet transmission; Great visually, no blind spots; Center console holds a lot and doesn't get in the way, love the wet trunk and retractable cargo area cover.

Good gas mileage. 

It is new.

SYNC (!!! Amazing!!!) and sun package; gas mileage; color (nice blue); exterior.

Sync technology is great, great space and driving is great. Its a nice smaller SUV that has the space without feeling like you are parking a tank.

I love all the technology located on the steering wheel. I'm not a techy but I'm learning to love it. I love my bluetooth phone-quick note- if you buy this car and your blue tooth doesn't work- it's the phone. Mine was defective so I got a new phone and it worked. To me blue-tooth is magic! 

The SYNC system, exterior styling, interior design ( everything is laid out very well and the center console is great for organizing), peppy response (plenty of get up and go) good mpg for an SUV, comfortable, fun to drive, very smooth ride, great handling, USB port, best of all the safety features.

sync, smooth ride, roomy, moon roof, satelitte radio, no road noise

AC is ice cold. Audio input is cool. Steering is really smooth. Comfortable. Lots of little storage spaces. Cup holders conveniently located.

I love the headroom, the improved power in the new V6, great gas mileage, and the overall look of the vehicle.

Overall ride - fun to drive. Love the SNYC! Safe and cool. And the best- looking little SUV on the market. Love the boxier look and not the windswept style of so many others. 

New int. and ext. styling - sun and sync package - steering wheel controls

SYNC is a great addition - helps me stay focused on the road Alloy wheels even on base model Fuel economy Plenty of space - great center console Cupholders conveniently placed (unlike, cough, Jeep Patriot, cough) EasyFuel capless system TOP SAFETY PICK! Perfect features for a small family.



Sync, MPG for a V-6, Styling, Smooth ride. Overall package is great!

Sync, moon roof, satellite radio.

ambiant lighting, the usb drive hookup for lots of great tunes. love the comfort of the seats, the way the car handles and drives. i just love this car.

No blind spots on this car! Love the Sirius radio, and controls are easy to use while driving. Placement of the center console is low enough so we don't bump our elbows on it.

Sync is awesome, Power sunroof is a nice add on, 6 speed transmission is a nice improvement.

Sync, Comfortable soybean-based seats, sunroof, powerful V6, Cargo Package (especially the built in trunk storage), MP3 player compatibility, arm rest console is big, well thought-out, and can be used in many different ways, MPG meter in center display is fun and helpful in conserving gas 

Sync, interior design, drive quality FUN, room for 4 large adults.

Easy to adapt to. Many little surprise eatures that are standard and they all worked.

Ground clearance, Sync, good MPG for what it is. Styling inside and out.

Moon roof, elec. steering, leather, audiofile stereo, looks, ride, handling, 17" wheels, comfort, quiet ride, and back up alarm. Bluetooth is very handy and works well. I highly recommend this vehicle.

Sync, power seat on XLT model. Quiet ride and plenty of passing power. Fuel economy. 

sync & ambient lighthing

Driving it. Interior. Thermostat controlled heating w/ separate controls for driver & passenger. Recycled materials in interior (even floormat in cargo area, which is made out of old bluejeans). Backup sensors. 

I love the sync and moonroof. Also the controls on the steering wheel. Great job Ford!

Sync and Navi system

The Sync system is excellent (especailly the phone & iPOD connectivity). Nice Interior and Layout. Dependable Handling. Great fuel economy for a V6 AWD SUV

Cool blue color. Get the 17 inch wheels with chrome. No brake dust. Sat. radio. The leather is so comfortable. Ambient lighting is wonderful at night. 

Electronics toys, looks inside/outside. New transmission (6 speed) New engine power (240 HP). Fold down seats for more room. Auto open rear glass door 

Safety improvements & smoother drive.

Sync, AWD, roomy and the ride is very nice and smooth/quiet.

Comfortable seats, lots of room, information center, design, satellite radio

Four wheel drive.

Sirius satellite radio, now robust 4cylinder, safety features, and engineering.

Sync, USB input, & mp3 input 

Interior style and comfort, smooth quite ride, Sync system, body style. 

6-speed automatic, traction control.

Punchy engine and tranny combo; mileage, leather seats are first class, sun/sync package. Really like being able to phone handsfree; simple, and the clarity is great. 

Interior, Sync, and fuel economy (26mpg)

Great heater, warms up quickly and you could probably bake a potato with it! I am addicted to Sirius radio and will subscribe one my 6-month free trial ends.

Sync system and sound system in general; heated seats; good quality leather; reverse sensor.

High seatting, sync, six speed!Rredfire clearcoat, tire pressure monitors, and fold down rear seats.

The sync is my favorite feature (though if you go a few days and haven't synced your phone you then have to resync it).

Driving, location of cup holders

Reverse sensor, attention to detail, fantastic interior, excellent ride. Very good sound system, good looking auto, keyless entry.

SYNC is well worth it. Power sunroof is a nice add on. Sirius radio also is a must have.

Acceleration, look, space, gas mileage, Sync, and smooth ride. Built in Sirius radio. 

Sync. Seat comfort and ride. Well, the whole vehicle.



Layout, mileage, sync is okay, but can be annoying at times. Aggresive design. 

Ride, handling, and comfort. Stereo, nav, and Sync. Certainly the fuel economy. 

SYNC! Mileage 10mpg better than our Explorer! Power is good, mileage is better. Feels great to drive in. Small, but lots of room, good mileage, and still feels like a truck, not a car on stilts. Safety features.

Power, interior, radio, ride, and gas mileage. 24.4 combined so far.

The ride 

