Lush interior and sleek look on interior. Love the climate control seats, sound system, warning systems. Has power when you need it. One hot ride. 

Live XM traffic is nice. The rear cargo organizer is very handy; seat coolers are nice addition to seat heaters.

The paint color.

Gas mileage compared to other SUV's, driving experience, around view camera, AWD, exterior styling, heated and cooled seats, solid build, and interior quality. 

NAV, quietness, exterior styling, climate controlled seats (yes, heated and cooled!), and around view camera.

I love the Deluxe Touring package the most as compared to the regular tires and don't find the ride too harsh. Tech Package with surround cameras--I would never have another vehicle without them. Stereo is great and love the IPOD interface system. Ventilated seats, but wish quieter. Quilted leather.

Great sound systems, and performance.

Exterior and interior styling, 360 camera view, AWD, gas mileage for its class, look of the 20 inch wheels, quality of interior features, NAV, and the ipod integration. 

Interior styling, around view camera, Nav, and many others.

The comfort and handling feel of a luxury vehicle. 

I really enjoy the cooled seats the most (as silly as that sounds), but also the NAV, around view camera, new 7 speed transmission, and the exterior as well as interior styling.

NAV, around view camera, interior and exterior styling, comfort, heated & cooled seats, performance, gas mileage for an SUV, real maple trim, 20 inch tires, and it definitely has the X factor! 

Favorite Features

Favs: Around view camera, Nav, upgraded leather interior, gas mileage for an SUV, sitting position, rear leg room, reclining rear seats, so many don't know where to stop.

Nav - Around View Camera - Reclining Back Seat - Sound of Exhaust - Heated & Cooled Seats - AWD - Need I continue??

Back-up cameras and highway performance.

Beautiful and comfortable interior. Powerful engine, very nice audio system, good GPS. Drives like a sporty car, not truck-like at all. 

PROS: Exterior body styling/interior layout, 360 cam is awesome, leg room, instrument panel design, navigation, cooled seats, handles GREAT. Dual personality of FX35, modifies to spirited or normal driving. Looks of curiosity I get on road. Great freeway mileage. 

Performance incl handling and acceleration. 

360 cam, bird's eye navi, cooled seats, big gas tank 23.8 gallons

Interior and Exterior Design

style, engine, air conditioned seats, darkened back windows, ability to hug the curves

Styling



XM radio, cooled seats.

Back-up (surround view) camera, navigation system, climate controlled seats, and interior finish. 

Love the around view camera and sonar, very easy to park, cooled seats nice on a hot day, state of the art navigation tech pkg has vehicle practically driving itself, new seats hug you with great support

Interior layout & tech features. Seats are very comfortable. Around view camera is helpful.

360 cam satellite radio trial period. I think I will be renewing. Interior design bird's eye navigation.

The handling and traction on the road, the exterior, navigation with traffic control and the hard drive!

iPOD integration, paddle-shifters, cooled seats, 7 speed transmission.

The Navigation / GPS, iPod adapter. The welcome light feature - very cool. The overall design of the seats, and quality of leather.

AFS, Push button ignition, Nav. 20 inch wheels, and heated/cooled seats. :)



360 Camera (very user friendly), IPOD interface, voice commands nav, Adaptive headlights

Technology is as useful as it is amazing; All-Around View, w/ sonar system, is very useful (easiest car to park I've owned), excellent Nav system (that I like better than Acura's), I like the safety aspect of having LDW, IBA/FCW, and DCA, and the Intelligent (laser) Cruise in nice. Welcome lighting.

Ipod link; self-retracting seatbelts; cord pass-thru from console 12V; sweep of dial at engine start; around-view camera; touch screen nav; push-button start; heated/cooled seats; reclining rear seats; laser cruise control; paddle shifters; brake-assist warning; bluetooth for handsfree phone.

Exterior styling, 20" wheels, all-around view camera. 

Sexy styling, both int. and ext. Fun to drive. Solid ride. Euro-feel suspension. In-seat a/c. Navigation and blue-tooth voice activated phone connection.

The birds eye view camera is simply amazing and very useful. This is technology that is useful every day. Air conditioned seats cannot be over rated and the navigation system is very easy to use. 

Upgraded interior particularly the dash and color combo on the dials and the ride.

1. Backup and 360* cameras, absolutely needed for SUVs 2. 303HP engine that roars when needed, silky smooth when cruising 3. Keyless 4. Fold in both side mirrors with a touch of a button 5. 4 level adjustable headlight height 6. Great colors and interior lighting 7. 7 gears 8. Cooling seats

Bose sound system is outstanding. Dashboard illumination is tops. Air/heated seats. All around camera.

iPod interface, navigation, sound system, back-up camera, scratch resistant paint, rain-sensing wipers.

All the high tech safety features on the tech package. Nice nav upgrades from previous version. Nicer leather than before (softer quilting is worth the $).

Exterior, handling, electronics

Voice commands, keyless entry, navigation and real-time-traffic, internal hard drive, iPod connection and around view camera.



Voice commands, handling and ride, keyless entry, navigation and real- time-traffic, internal hard drive (I've loaded all my CDs and there is still plenty of space on the hard drive). iPod connection.

Distance control assist, rain sensing wipers, paddle shifters, iPod Interface and recordable music hard drive.

Voice recognition, sound system, iPod interface, bluetooth, nav system



iPod controller, dynamic Cruise control, tiptronic shifter via shift stick or steering wheel paddles, dashboard with multiple colors not just yellow, heated and cooled seats, lane departure system actually helps to compensate for poor attention span, all-around camera view is very helpful

Handling, design and versatile electronics including navigation, information, front, rear and side obstacle visual and oral presentation.

