look of dashboard, quietness, comfort

Love the interior layout and features, such as the Ipod connectivity. Great headroom in the car and in entry (much better than my old Lexus). Quick acceleration, strong braking and wonderful handling make this car a comfortable and practical delight to drive. And it is made in the USA. 

Interior is comfortable, exterior is stylish. Stereo/aux/power outlets are plenty. Quiet, smooth ride.

Fun fun fun to drive! Fit and finish/build quality, seats are very comfortable, very smooth ride without being a marshmallow, lots of room, well placed controls, large windows (esp. back), AWD, shiftable 5-speed automatic, loads of standard features.

The 256HP H6 boxer engine really performs in Sport mode-even in normal D mode, it has some pep-& all this with unleaded gas. The dashboard is functional yet has an elegance found in luxury brand models. Other features we like - steering wheel mounted audio functions; vehicle info display.

Quality is better than expected, AWD, digital display for time, mileage, etc. Many cupholders, easy to use interior features and convenient dashboard, steering column features, similar to Toyota. Great headroom and interior finish quality. 

Great engine. Taut and responsive handling. Car-like driving position seated lower and further away from the windshield similar to GLK and Q5. The Venza, Journey and Edge handle like a minivan; the driving position is high and forward.

Back-up camera, steering, performance, quietness, solid feel, navi, interior, stereo...the list goes on. Subaru's all wheel drive is perfect for northeastern driving.

Smooth drive, quiet, comfortable, awesome interior.

Road side assistance is free for 3 years. Design and the fact that without ordering a car with special bells and whistles...it is already there.

back-up camera with marker lines, HEATED seats, Symmetrical AWD, legroom, interior design

Interstate cruising comfort (21 mpg). Style - in & out. AWD - my Subarus have always been very stable on ice. They are the northern states cult car.

