Fuel economy, front styling, practical.

All, except the headrest.

Performance is great. I love my Sundance color. Dealership staff is always great when I take my car in for service.

I love the cargo space the most. I no longer have to rent a truck to haul larger items. My husband is tall so he likes the extra head room. I also like the higher seats. I don't feel like I am getting off of the floor when I climb out of it. 

The electric assist steering and sports car like handling. The Fuel economy and the Price we paid - $14,000.

Plenty of cargo space with hatch, very reliable, looks great (I have the black sand pearl color), practical, good gas mileage, stability control, great pick up from dead stop, and a functional interior. This is a very good bargain.

Storage area with fold down flat seats, automatic head lights, the outside look of the vehicle, and gas mileage.

The height of the car and the visibility.

I like the ground effects. The AC vents are great, a small detail but I detest vents that won't aim or stay put. I love the AutoStick. My wife can drive auto, and I can shift. Shifting works best 'clean'; rev it, get off the gas, shift up, hit the gas. It's nice to flip into 'D' if my cell rings.

The engine has much better acceleration than previous model. That is mostly from the larger engine.





brakes, cargo space, driver's seat a couple of inches higher than most comparable cars, stability control, smooth ride and smooth shifting, price, extremely reliable 

I love the room with the seats down. The instrumentation is very similar to my last Toyota, I love just being able to find the windshield wipers, cruise control, gas flap opener, etc.

Favorite features are the ease of getting in and out due to the height of the car and the handling which is very good.

Suggested Improvements

Comfort, handling and shifting the stick, not to mention the gas savings.

Gas mileage. Fun to drive through curvy roads. Hatchback. 

AWD, heated mirrors, cargo space, design of instrumentation, handling for car of its size

Exterior styling, interior dash styling, cargo room, driver room, ergonomic instrumentation 

Great on Gas

look, gas mileage, comfort of seats and interior



AWD. Heated mirrors. Heater and AC work really well. Cargo space.

My favorite feature is the hatchback- and it seats 5 comfortably.

Hatchback. It is a roomy car for being so small.

Room, mirrors, MP3 player, cup holders, left foot rest.

Fun look of the car. Sporty feel while driving.

AWD, nice seats for an economy car

Has great engine zip for a compact car. Excellent stereo system.

Love the AWD, plenty of interior room, 12v option 

2.4L engine performance, shift option, power lock options (with help from dealer to get doors to stay locked when parking), storage nooks, flat folding back seats, mp3 plug in, places to hook up dog harnesses under pop outs.

AWD rocks and have no problem getting around! I love the ability to use both the 12 V and a built in "standard" wall socket. The stereo is great. Its funky shapes always makes people do a double take.

The over all look, the dash (the huge glove compartment & all the nooks & crannies). Heated side view mirrors, and the head/tail lights. Actually, the Matrix had a lot of features my Buick had so I found that very attractive when shopping for a new car. Slick little beast!

Sun roof, 2.4 engine, hatch back, style, comfort, reliability.

Styling. The car is compact but it has a lot of interior space and cargo space. Good mileage. The 2.4l engine is powerful.

Auto headlight on and stereo sound quality.

Gas mileage.

AWD, JBL radio, blue tooth, fold down back seats, easy controls in dash, gas mileage.

AC outlet, tonneau cover, integrated door cup holders, outside temperature.

Gas mileage

Automatic door locks that lock when you shift into drive, and unlock when you shift into park. Handling around corners with the 18" wheels. Sporty look. Nice acceleration. Fold-flat rear seats & front passenger seat. Excellent interior lighting. Comfortable seats with good leg room.

Everything

Pep, styling, versatility, relative MPG for space and size.

Dashboard layout; cargo capacity with folding split rear seats. I like the stick shift, but mistakenly drove the 1st 900 miles in 3rd gear rather than Drive; a mistake corrected after reading of manual. Anti-lock brakes and side curtain airbags provide piece of mind. Like the exterior style.

The sleek, sporty body style and color

MP3 jack is nice and the Bluetooth is really cool. Most of all I like the cargo room it has for such a small feeling car. My dog goes everywhere with me and it has held us both very comfortably. 

I have the stereo controls on the wheel and blue tooth hands free for my phone which suites my lifestyle.

Hatchback & cargo space is wonderful. Fabric seats easy to clean. It's way fun to drive. Safety ratings very good.

Bluetooth handsfree connectivity.

Interior, aux outlet, radio

Multiple height adjustment for driver's seat. Power from the 2.4 engine and the gas mileage. Better than the EPA sticker. Cargo room even with back seats up. Held a lot on our trip. XM radio is great. Mudguards and cargo mat purchased as accessories, but well worth it.

Fun to drive, 2.4L engine, nice utility space, not bad on gas, reasonably priced.

The AWD system, trunk tie-downs, tilt/telescopic wheel, ABS, traction control, side airbags. The very smooth 2.4L engine. 

The seats, fun to drive, the hatchback

Bluetooth! It's really awesome. Also the aggressive looks. I got it in blue streak metallic which gets me a lot of head turns and compliments. Can't forget the JBL sound system, 17 in rims, aux jack and full folding back seat.

Deceptive from the outside, the Matrix has great cargo capability with the front and back seats folded. I'm 5'11, seating legroom front/back 5 stars. Deep glovebox, Dramatic dash, gated auto, iPod & 115v inputs. With extra leather, comfortable seats! Heated mirrors. VST & TRAC (optional) TPMS lights

Front passenger seat folds down as well as the back seats for added space in the vehicle. 

Style, interior room, stereo, AWD handling, fuel efficiency, color (charcoal grey) seating, fold down rear cargo space, available options, stainless exhaust system, mirror visibility, Toyota quality, feels as powerful as my 07 V6 Camry. 

2.4L is smooth, quiet and powerful; handling; the 6 speaker stereo; the colour (sundance metallic); 17" rims; fuel economy; the stares from envious guys in their civics and focuses- and the stares from their girlfriends; excellent room for tall drivers; the ever famous Toyota build quality.

Split glove box, shifter position, new dash design, front and rear rotor brakes, sexy look interior and exterior. Basically everything!

Turns very tight. Easy to drive, with all the ammenities we need. Easy to get into and out of (doors open in a way so you don't have to lift feet to get out). Cargo area and flat rear seats in down position make this a great cargo carrier. Very adequate performance, easy to park in city, good mpg.

Hard-topped fold down rear seats.

The driver seat adjustment, cargo room and above average gas mileage. 

Heated side mirrors, plenty of space. already used the tpms (had a slow leak in tire) I added on a remote start. Hopefully it lives up to its reputation for reliability.

Flat fold seats. Heated side mirrors are great for the winter, I also added on the remote start. Tire pressure system was already useful as I had a nail in my tire. Adjustable seat height adjustment is great as I am short. Intelligent airbags are a bonus (I am small enough to have them turned off).

Fold down seats, instrument panel.

Interior storage space.

Surprising freeway gas mileage. Adjustable height driver seat and telescopic steering column, my wife is shorter than I so this is handy. Seats are comfortable and supportive. Sits high, easy to get into and out of, and to put the kids in the back seat, haven't hit my head yet. 5spd auto, strong 2.4.

Performance, style, reliability.

Dash and controls are simple and intuitive to use. You can adjust the dash light intensity by turning the trip odometer - this cures the washout in bright daylight.

2.4L low end torque! All the XRS options, especially those huge 18"s, sunroof, bluetooth connection for hands free phone, and VSC. Nice to see the full complement of airbags standard and driver adjustments (telescoping steering and seat controls).

AWD, space

The six (6) airbags. The Magnetic Gray Metallic color. The overall look of the car very sporty. How it handles when you drive. The great fuel economy . Smooth ride and the visibility inside the car.

Everything that's been changed from the older models, great gas mileage and very, very beautiful sporty look!

2.4L engine, interior space, exterior styling, stable on HWY, aux jack, reliable, leather steering wheel, nicely equipped for price!

Bigger, more stylish wheels. Navigation! It has the XM traffic reporting on screen to let you know how traffic is moving. Sweet! Plenty of room for four/five if needed. Flat fold down cargo area; great for my dogs, sectioning off back. Sportier feel. Toyota dependability. Killer lease.

Sporty look, heated side mirrors, smooth ride, good fuel economy

The rear hatch, new exterior, fit and finish and the ample engine.

