46+ MPG, Bluetooth, touch screen display, lots of storage room, smartkey system, digital speedometer, smooth and quiet ride. 

push button start and mileage

Of course the gas mileage...ease of driving.

Fuel efficiency and environmental friendliness!! Sure there's no pep or sex appeal to it, but it does the job, and does it very efficiently. I'm also pleasantly impressed with the amount of room in what I expected to be a too small interior.

Easy of handling and parking.



The touch screen display is very useful. The fuel mileage is amazing. I never go below 50 MPG. The cargo room in the hatchback is quite good. 

Mileage, CVT transmission. Electronic displays, Reliability.

Hybrid, look, performance and MPGs. 

1. EV mode allows you to drive gas free under 42 mph (using a feather foot on the GO pedal). 2. For a mid-size car... plenty of cargo room. Seats fold down nicely to allow for larger cargo. 3. Interior designed well with plenty of instrumentation to allow for great mpg's!

CVT tranny and electric shift, hatchback.

Keyless entry-starting, screen display of radio, climate control, telephone, nav., and trip/performance computer. Leather seats. Storage well under rear cargo area. HUGE cargo carrying ability with back seats folded down. Backup camera (needed with the large blind spots).

Tight turn radius, a decent amount of interior space, great visibility, exceptional fuel economy, overall quietness, ride is very comfortable, fit and finish, low cost.

High Tech, fuel economy, drive comfort, quiet ride, fit and finish, interior room, hatchback.

Great mileage. Great EMF protection. Great safety features. What's not to like.

I am pleasantly surprised at all the room inside. Lots of secret compartments and storage.

Navi, bluetooth, spacious interior, gas mileage

Room and flexibility. Smart key is neat.

Nice interior, good voice recognition system. Smooth driving.

navigation

Gas mileage

Interior layout and space, HID headlights, mileage and ride (good crosswind resistance)

The engine vibrates so much the floor massages the front passengers seat.

Handles nicely on the roads.

Gas mileage, space, uncluttered interior design. HID headlights better than I thought.

All of it!

Interior (all of it!) and the exterior shape of the car.

Magical internal size as compared to what it looks like from outside. The driver is in complete control of the MPG. Finished to perfection.

I absolutely love everything about the car, the smart key is absolutely incredible!

Unmatched quality and design, gas mileage, Smart Key system, touch screen, navigation, bluetooth, backup camera, leather seats, JBL stereo, steering wheel controls, abundant storage, great ride and comfort. It also has a high driving position and the visibility through the windshield is great.

Can't think of any.

Smart Key, interior and outer appearance and gas mileage

the display

Superb fuel economy - 55 MPG average during summer with trips over 20 minutes, easy on throttle. Worst case for me, 45 MPG average in 40F weather with short (5 minute) trips, accessories used. Smart key system rocks, very, very convenient. 

Not having to use a key , ride and build quality, comfort, surprisingly large cargo space and overall comfort. Overall technology. Back-up camera.



Smart key system for starting and unlocking. Interior room and comfort.

Smooth drive with CVT; good mileage in good weather; narrow car is good for city driving; keyless ignition; stability control in icy roads.

Integrated Bluetooth. Voice recognition controls. Excellent radio/sound system. Safety features. Build quality. Keyless entry/start/locking. Space for storing and hauling. Extended service intervals.

The steering wheel controls. The 'park' and 'start' push-buttons take a bit getting used to, but overall are convenient, after getting used to.

Displays and storage spaces

Fun to drive, computer fun to use, spacious interior, plenty of zip on the road, keyless entry, back up camera and of course that wonderful gas mileage tops the cake. 

The Smart Key system. Love it, but still reach for my key. I'll learn. The automatic climate control. Set it and forget it, though I try to keep it reasonable based on outside temp to keep mileage up. Energy use and mileage screens. Using to see what gives me best MPG.

The Smart Key System. No fumbling for keys. Just walk up, get in, and drive off! The air conditioning is so cool...Pun intended. You really do just set it and forget it. The hatch area is just the right height and easy to put in and take out groceries,

