Body style and paint color (vapor smoke), interior comfort and performance 

The 2009 Ford Fusion is a smooth roomy drive. I love the seats and the trunk space.

Well built safety cage SYNC

Sync, Blue Suede Pkg, Ambient lighting, 18 inch Rims

SYNC is great!

Interior layout and SYNC system. Smooth shifting transmission and very quiet interior. Extremely comfortable ride, especially compared to our former 2007 Camry which I felt was harsh.

I really like the phone sync system and I love the Moon Roof. I have it tilted up all the time...hot or cold.

Looks, Ride, Handling, Responsiveness

Price, comfort, and ride quality.

sync, moonroof, cargo space, comfort and handleing.......etc I LOVE this car!!

I really like the sync, V6, smooth/quiet ride, and it handles well

 sound system,gas mileage,

Sun & Sync package, sport package, 8 speaker premium stereo with speed actviated volume. 

Sunroof, Sync, V6, the whole package.

Sync, sunroof, price, and comfort.

SYNC, room in the interior, smooth ride and a great sound system.

Peppiness of engine. Design and color (red). Handling is great. Front seats have good adjustable back support.

Leather Seats, Moonroof, Spoiler, Sync, reliability history

Sporty look, SYNC is awesome! 3.0 is much better in this car than the 500 has plenty of go power.

Navigation

The SYNC system is pretty cool. The appearance of the car may be a little on the ordinary side, but it still looks sharp. The fit and finish illustrated Ford's ability to build with quality.

The power! and everything else, lots of extras you wouldn't expect to have, this car is nice i'm not joking!

SYNC; 18" ten spoke rims; interior and exterior temp.; digital temp. control; factory sound system is pretty sweet; everyone should have a sunroof... I love everything about this car! Best purchase I have ever made!

The controls on the steering wheel were great, the cruise control and stereo controls , it made for a safe journey

Sync, legroom front and back, comfort and value

SEL, V6, Navigation System, SYNC, Ambient Lighting, Love the IPOD away out of site in the console, unlike other ford models.

Love the Sync even though it is a little challenging to set up. Once you get it going, it is great. I also love the dashboard storage compartment. Mine is black, both interior and exterior which I love. My backseat passengers say it is very roomy in the back. 

I love the moon & tunes option. The sunroof is fantastic & I always have it open! AND i'm pretty sure the SYNC system by microsoft is the coolest option ever. Besides its got a great safety rating which helped put my grandparents at ease :] 

Gas mileage, navigation, performance, looks and quality dash layout and fun to drive

Sync is awesome! This car has a very quiet ride, quite a bit quieter than the 99 Honda Accord it replaced, I hope it lasts as long! First car I've ever owned with a sunroof, and I'm liking that too! 

Engine performance, sound system and overall look of the interior with the blue suede package.

Seats that fit me. Fun factor.

criuse control! Love the dash layout.

The voice activated Micosoft SYNC is excellent. My IPOD is stored, out of site, in the center console where it's connected. SYNC also makes telephone calls so easy. SYNC coupled with a 6-CD player, satelite radio and driving can be a pleasure no matter where you are. 

5 speed manual. Sync is very convenient. I have had several friends comment how quiet the car is at highway speeds. Price new was still a deal!

The engine hums - I highly recommend the 3.0 version but you do get less mpg. I love the interior and exterior design of the car. I have gotten a lot of compliments on the car. But the overall performance is wonderful. 

Exterior design, fun to drive, moon roof and sync, excellent braking, build quality, quiet on the freeway. 

Comfortable and well styled SEL interior. Audiophile stereo (which I believe is made by Pioneer) sounds far better than Chevy's upgrade or Toyota. Full iPod integration via USB is almost perfect. Navigation is a pricey option, but it really completes the car and it's not available in the Malibu.

Looks and handling

Standard CD stereo system great. Comfort,handling, quality solid appearance and feel. Automatic transmission smooth and upshifts for better mileage. Trunk doesn't fly up when opened. Large trunk and fold down rear seats for hauling. USA company. Great heater.

The red stitching on the steering wheel and seats got me! Tuxedo black really shines. 4 wheel disc brakes, moon roof and great stereo, Sync is cool. Sport package (wheels and rear deck lip) Handles great with the "sport tuned suspension". Auto dim rear view mirror. 

How it handles. Sync. The interior. The exterior. Everything!

Sporty looks, handling, comfortable ride, trunk space

The exterior/interior styling is great. The 6-disc cd changer, Sync Media & 2-power points are great. I have Tuxedo black exterior and black interior and it is sharp. Powered drivers seat is great.

The leather/alcantra seats and the package that comes with them. The big wheels and tires do make a difference.

Sport package and Sync.

SYNC, spacious cabin, great handling, sharp looking, quiet, reliable

Sync, smooth comfortable ride, GPS.

Good MPG for a V6, cheap insurance, great safety features, the ambient lighting is cool, the sync works great

Heat and air system, leather heated seats, large interior and trunk room. 

SYNC, handling, V6 has nice power and pep. Trunk space 

V-6. Sport package. Sunroof package. 6 speed auto-transmission. Color of Dark Ink Blue 

Sporty appearance, comfortable ride, handles road nicely.

Sync. Quiet ride.

Comfort and style. The leather is great and heated seats are great. Fuel economy 25 city 33 highway. Lots of room in interior and huge trunk. Sync.

Quiet comfortable ride. Sync. Fuel efficiency.

Power drivers seat, rear window defogger, radio, fog lights, manual shift, sport interior looks and feel, 18" wheels and tires, tuned sport suspension, extremly responsive handling

V6 engine, AWD

Vapor Silver, leather seats, aluminum wheels, low-pro tires, interior room, trunk space, grayed out grill, front lights. It's a nearly perfect car. Friends had their doubts about its sportiness until they saw it. 

The V6 power, the confidence I have with the AWD system, gotta have my Microsoft SYNC for my bluetooth phone. I can fit 4 golf bags in the trunk with out folding down the seats! JD power and consumer reports gave this car great ratings and I will too! Great job Ford!

Black interior, exterior, driving comfort, Sync, Sirius, moon roof, quality of the leather, and MPG was 24 in mixed driving on the second tank of gas.

Interior room and comfort, smoothness of operation everywhere!

Sport package, sync (as I learn it), audiophile system.

5 speed transmission makes the I4 fun to drive. The price with the current rebate is unbeatable. Of course the rebates are being offered because a facelift is coming for the 2010 model (due out early in 2009 it looks like). The SYNC gives you something to play with for the first few weeks.

18" rims and tires the Sync system should be standard on all cars now. The comfort of the seats. The sun roof is sweet as well as the sports tuned suspension.

I really honestly cant decide on a favortie feature..I want to say the interior design with the bucket seats stitched and patterned in blue suede but the Sync system is so awesom. Then the way it looks from the side view when I clean my alloy wheels and put a little shine on the tires..Crazy Style!!

5 speed manual, seats, sport appearance package

SYNC, gas mileage

Ride/comfort, Sync, MPG

Ride stability, style, and of course Sync.

The SYNC and the ride/handling.



Microsoft Sync, 60/40 black leather with blue suede. Custom Ford rims, comfortability

