the power in the 6cl is great, seats are comfortable, great a/c



Leather seats and stereo.

the color

- Exterior and interior looks - Wide variety of features - Manual transmission available - Interior room

Fuel economy, Steering

Looks nice.

The style and looks of the car are very nice. Handles well with decent acceleration.

Both interior and exterior design are exceptional. This car says first class from bumper to bumper. Fuel Economy has been far better than expected. In 4 months of ownership I've averaged almost 28 MPG.

Of course I got the top of the line model you can get, I love how much room this car has, the bluetooth, the speed, the mpg. I drove to Vegas & back from San Jose one weekend. On the way back about 1/2 way I had 1/4 left in my tank, I filled up my tank & the gas lasted me all week from home to work.

Great acceleration. Styling is amazing. I'll be driving this car for 10+ years for sure.



6 discs CD changer, fuel economy, performance of the I-VTEC engine, considering that is a 4 cylinder.

Great technology in the car, decent fuel economy (30+ mpg on long highway trips), never had any issues with anything else except the seats.

Navigation, leather, V6

Fuel economy, navigation system, ride.

Excellent handling and smooth power - the engine and transmission are well mated. For a family sedan, this car is fun to drive. The interior is rich looking, which makes the car appear to be more expensive than it is. 

Dual zone climate control, sound system, and Eco engine mode (really does save gas).

Ride comfort, solid build, interior styling.

responsive engine, gas mileage, dual climate controls and heated seats, styling, front and back seat leg room, excellent handling, dash controls have adult-sized buttons, traction and stability control std., excellent brakes

Design



rides smoothly

Fuel economy exactly as advertised (24mpg mixed). Very pleasant and comfortable ride. Wife drives CR-V but always prefers to ride with me. Solid and stable even above 80mph. Voice-activated commands, including Nav and Blue-tooth. Dual-climate controls with heated seat. Auto dimming rear-view mirror.

Comfort, quality, sound system moon roof

Stereo 

Quality and loaded features for the price.



High MPG

Smooth acceleration, roomy interior, sports sedan handling, just-right without feeling mushy. 



The sound, the high performance of the I-4, the tight steering.

Navigation system, performance of V6 is great.

Navigation, bluetooth, voice activation features, gas mileage.

I love the stereo, and the XM display is much better. The turning radius is improved making it so much easier to park. Smoother ride with the regular tires. Love the auto day/night rear view mirror.

My favorite is the navi along with the mp3 auxiliary port. 

The interior, the sound system.



Love the ride and comfort. MPG. Really, a great car overall especially for the $23240 I paid.

Performance, exterior and interior design, build quality.

Navi, XM

Fun to drive. Comfortable. Roomy. Good on Gas. Looks nice. 

271 hp V6 power 18 inch wheels heated leather seats

Leather trimmed interior, with heated seats. Yes, I know. The feature isn't normally available. The dealership had one (Yes, an LX-P) on the showroom floor, with leather interior and heated seats. It was already sold, so they "made" another one for me.

Body style, and interior. Seat controls and comfort. Separate climate controls and Stereo,CD, and XM system. Solid feel in handling system. Heated seats. 17inch Rims are classy and I love the color red outside and tan inside. 

Dual air, satellite radio, gorgeous burgundy/camel exterior and interior, heated leather seats, side mirror defrosters

Style (in & out), Aux input, 2 DC outlets, Value (the standard features on the LX are more than past years).

Leather seats.

1. Potent/Smooth engine 2. Exterior design 3. As expected... perfect reliability!!

interior comfort, sound system

Engine, radio

Voice activated navigation. Handling. Uses regular unleaded. Exterior design. Tight finish. Value for my money.

Nav system you can operate while you drive.

The fact I only have to put up with it for 35 more months.

Voice activated controls, climate control, radio, exterior look, ride comfort

Overall driving experience.

Dual climate control, heated leather seats, MP3 player connection (just go to Radio Shack and buy a mini stereo jack cable to hook up), large back seat, windows open after pressing unlock button on (especially here in TX where interior of car can get extremely hot esp with black interior). 

Premium sound system(mp3), 271 HP V6, smooth 6-speed manual gearbox, driver's seat feels like a cockpit.

Firm seats are a welcome pleasure. I'm 35. Not 53. I don't want an Oldsmobile. I need seats that support me evenly and firmly. I don't need a hammock. Perfect balance between ride comfort and sporty responsiveness.

The exterior design and interior design. How quick a little 4 cyl can be.

Steering wheel - precise, feels great, and nice touch.

Tight handling, Honda reliability, Honda resale value. Huge interior, clean lines, nice features for a base model car. Remote entry is nice, MP3 capable is nice too. The song naming feature is nice with the radio.

Overall appearance, reliability, roominess, and quality.

The drive & handling.



Exterior

Two stage heated seats. Excellent dash board controls. 



Big sunroof, great sound system, huge trunk, quality, gas mileage, styling, price ($26.500.01), the stares I get from people

Styling, the car in black looks fast even when standing still. Love the navigation and hands free, very intuitive, much better than similar system I have in my Mercedes.

The tight steering and suspension with the power of the V6. 

Great exterior looking, great interior space, feels like a full size sedan, dashboard is cool and easy to handle, resale value, no tune-ups for 100K miles, best in its class.

Dual adjustable climate control. Self adjusting volume on radio. Pass through rear seat armrest. Received many compliments on the Mystic Green Metallic color.



I love the way it looks... Very nice!

Good Exterior, Roomy interior

Responsive, peppy 190 HP 2.4 engine. Heated seats. Good visibility.

I like the exterior looks but love the interior layout. The center controls look complicated but work out to be very simple. 

Styling, 18 inch wheels, V6 6 speed, navigation system, steering wheel - you gotta feel it. Belize blue paint, overall quality.

Aux connector, interior room, steering wheel controls, power seat, design.

All of the standard safety features. Very well-appointed for a car in this class.

Great looking car. Period.

Center console (don't get the navigation system unless you want to drive a starship), view and lack of blind spots, quiet, BLUETOOTH rocks! It actually works! Must have accessory.

Dash and stereo / clock readouts

Steering wheel mounted audio and cruise control, handling, build quality, performance.

Nav and Bluetooth capability are awesome.

Exterior and interior styling, handling.

Heated leather seats. Responsive handling.

 Acceleration, handling, nice looking interior and exterior.

Engine, economy, reliability, style, nav system, sat radio.

This car is just SO bad. I do believe it is the hottest car on the road. Weight/HP is about 13 whereas most <$23k cars are 20 so performance is great. Love the interface (heat, radio, cruise). Handling is out of this world. Heated seats warm up in 60 seconds in an Alaskan winter.

Exterior and interior look.

Lots of options for the money, sporty looks, quality feel, safety features (affordable insurance), pretty decent gas mileage - lowest 25mpg with more city driving, highest 29mpg all hwy. This is without driving too crazy. 18.5g tank is great, and takes reg. gas. Go nearly 500 miles b/w fillups. 

Honda so far advanced vs Ford products, they have so many safety, sound & acceleration features that I am enjoying.

Steering wheel mounted radio controls, windows you can roll down with the key fob, interior and exterior styling.

I want to love this car- I love the exterior style of vehicle, get many compliments. Nav system is good and stereo system is good. Spacious rear seats. 

Looks sharp, good pickup, 35 mpg when driven 65 mph and not using the ac. Great turn radius

Radio controls on the steering wheel; comfortable ride; the handling.

Exterior styling, spacious trunk, roomy interior.

Exterior design, V-6 power MP3 jack, navigation system very smooth and easy to operate.

I appreciate the quality and great safety features. Driving performance and handling is excellent. The feeling of well-built car.

Powerful V6 engine, heated seats, XM radio

Voice activation, bluetooth, navigation, radio display is fair, exterior and interior appearance

Smooth, quiet and responsive engine. Great sound system. Flawless shifting. Excellent handling.

Power of the V6. Audio system, handling, and quality of construction.

killer looks in blk/blk. comfort. Seats are great for my back; firm lumbar support. quality build. smooth ride, good premium stereo

Heated seats, V6 power, XM radio, automatic headlights

The exterior styling is hot. The aluminum wheels really set off the car. The chrome trim around the windows is also a nice touch. I really like the way it handles. It is the perfect size automobile. My wife gets compliments about the car wherever she goes!

Exterior design. Interior layout. Comfortable leather seats. Handling. Performance.

Good gas mileage, engine performance was a nice surprise, solid disc brakes on all four wheels, moon roof, and overall safety performance.

XM Radio is fun (won't pay for it when the trial runs out). Drives very nice.

Heated leather seats. Stereo system. Safety ratings of this car. 

Leather seats are super comfortable. XM radio is integrated into the head unit very well. Rear seat comfort and leg room are outstanding. Dealer service is equal to our Lexus which is outstanding. 

The 09 Accord is a quality auto. Honda has again kept its simplicity, superior quality, and affordability. My favorite feature is the turbo charged four cylinder chain driven engine, it responds almost like the v-6, plus the v-6 engine is belt driven- the four cylinder chain driven is far superior.

Great smooth pick and speed. Good cornering. Auto up/down on front windows. Auto open/close on sunroof. Hold remote to open and all windows and sunroof open to let out the heat...love that one!

Fun, fast, good looks, fairly priced with Honda reliability.

Styling. Balanced ride and handling.

1) Beautiful styling. The car looks like an Acura, putting competitors like the Nissan Altima coupe to shame. 2) Performance. The V6 handles well in snow and rain, and is fast. 3) Comfort. The car is big enough to not make you feel squished, and the high quality of the interior is superb.

navi, eco engine feature, gas economy and back seat room

I love all the little features like the cord holding onto the gas cap, ipod plug in, and how it has the name of the songs playing. The dual air conditioning is also nice.

Auto door locks; aux input for iPod; overhead storage; excellent sound system.



I appreciate the quality, craftsmanship and value of the Accord EX-L.

All the safety features that come standard. Nice wheels, chrome headlights. Heated mirrors.

Interior quality.

My favorite feature, if you call it a feature, is the styling. I get lots of looks.

Love the 190 hp, 4 cyl. Fuel consumption was as much as a 165 hp car. Interior and trunk space were very roomy.

The USB cord works well for additional music. The smooth acceleration, handling is great.

I enjoy the aux port, std 17 inch wheels on all EX and above models, and the handling, but most of all this is one quiet interior wise vehicle. I think that while all the above is fun to talk about the STANDARD safety features are key.

Navigation system, blue tooth, voice recognition commands, XM radio, ride, the powerful engine, style, quality, 3- 4-6 cylinder system for fuel increased economy, heated seats, lumbar support, tilt/telescopic wheel, thick leather seating, restyled windows, one-touch button sun roof, EVERYTHING!!

All

The smooth acceleration, handling, It feels as if I am driving a Benz. 

I love that I can hook up my MP3 player as an auxiliary device (no more FM tuner)! It's very roomy, and I love those 17 inch alloy wheels. The overall shape of the vehicle makes me feel like I'm driving an expensive luxury vehicle.

The original dealer was great to work with and a 2008 Fit Sport has been trouble free. The 2009 Accord appeared to be a great car too, until the above mentioned safety problems soured the whole deal.

Safety features, color, and fuel economy

Love the exterior look since redesign in 2008, has a more upscale look to it and wider stance in the wheels.

Voice command system leaves you feeling as your the boss with the constant ah of the passengers trying to figure out how the temp. just changed by your voice. Navigation works wonders as does the easy Ipod and XM radio access. 

Remote auto-down windows is great when car has been sitting out in hot sun all day. Sliding middle console gives good position for right elbow. Highway mileage is off the charts, averaging between 32-36.

exterior color (Platinum Gray Metallic), interior design, plenty of room, good stereo, steering wheel audio controls, iPod auxiliary jack, smooth ride

Interior room, trunk space, fold down rear seat, body styling. Affordable.

Navigation system is a must have in my opinion if you plan to own this car more than 5 years. I'd also suggest the auto-start alarm system in the Sentry 2000 to keep people from stealing it. My girlfriend got her's free.

Hot, hot style by far, engine smoothness, steering response, driver leg room and rear seat room very accommodating, perfect location for the standard ipod plug-in as well as it's own 12v plug right there

Buttery smooth manual tranny, polished metal exterior-beautiful color, roominess, handsome interior, telescoping steering wheel, multi-link & front wishbone suspension on open roads (little rough on bad pavement), cruise control easy to work, entry-luxury, resale value, & vast improvement over 03-07

Standard fogs, 18" wheels, overall look, excellent fit and finish, V6 coupled with the sporty 6-speed tranny.

Interior design. Grill area design.

Color, style, reliability, price and Honda lease perks.

Exterior, interior, features, power, balanced ride comfort/handling. This car is beautiful inside and out. It's such a great value too. Good but not great stereo. Turns lots of heads. Polished Metal Metallic is a great color.

Interior space and chrome door handle. Honda's amazing reliability is always a plus.

Engine-good power with little loss of MPG,plus it runs on regular gas! Interior-looks rich and functional. Sound system-good amount of power and of course XM radio. Ride-feels stable and secure,very quiet. Fold down rear seat and not just a pass through. Standard factory running lights.

New coupe styling. 5 speed AT Interior styling Supportive firm seats Aggressive design 17" low profile, gun metal/polished aluminum wheels. 

Ride, handling, styling, size, gas mileage.

Handling, style

auto on/off lights available on exl), heated seats(available on exl), comfort, roomy interior, pleasure to drive



Color



When you put the key in the ignition, it starts and takes you where you need to go. You don't look too bad behind the driver's seat.

6 disc changer, leather seats, heated seats, compass w/regional map, plenty of space, resembles BMW 5 series, Passageway to trunk, automatic lights.

Navigation system, brakes and build quality.

Audio controls on the steering wheel, ability to lower windows with key before I enter vehicle (great for hot summer days), Looks great inside and out

Sharp exterior look and comfort of seats. Everything is easy to reach.

The body style is alright but think rear is too high. Appears to lean forward. In terms of comfort, it's ok. 

The exterior and interior look.

Still able to get it in manual transmission; interior space and ergonomics; nice and responsive engine; exterior design 

Manual tranny, interior layout and quality.

The look and peppy engine and roomy on inside.

Front end styling on 2009 coupe, projector headlamps on coupe and 18" wheels on 2008 sedan.





Roomy, even at high speeds.

Power, quality and looks. "It's Logical Luxury"

Drive and handling, interior space, available gadgets

Excellent interior room. 

Outside looks, soft touch interior, EX engine, wheels.

Exterior

Styling, not bad power for a 4 cylinder.

Still like a lot of the design, and the 4 cylinder power. But the brake issues really take away from the enjoyment. Honda's attitude now reminds me of GM, deny and delay.



Car handles ok and looks ok.

Not much, maybe the large trunk.

Controls for cruise control very easy and light up at night. Computer for trip works perfectly for fuel use and mpg.

The interior buttons are my favorite; Many options for climate control and I love options. Does not sacrifice power for fuel efficiency. I'm 5'3 and the seat adjustments are fine for me, as I like to sit further back from the steering and still see fine.



Auto dimming mirror, Audio aux port, revised placement of sun roof controls (much better near the sun roof).

Interior, styling.

Interior and exterior look and finish.

Driving position, steering response, transmission performance, visibility, interior materials, exterior design, safety features and resale.

Outside looks. MP3/AUX playback. Alloy wheels. Interior space.

The nav system is very easy to use, and I love my XM radio. The V6 has way more power than you need for this type car. The paint, fit and finish of this car is ideal.

my favorite feature is the xm satellite radio, the sunglasses holder, mp3 player charger, 2 cell phone chargers, the exterior is pretty - basque red pearl, heated seats, climate control, ac 

Outside looks nice

Color: Black on Black. Gas mileage if I drive well. 

Nothing. I'm sorry but nothing.

Auto headlights, premium sound system, nimble handling.

Steering wheel grip, interior fit and finish, external appearance.

Roomy interior, unique design, excellent handling and strong performance for a 4 cylinder.

Interior is huge.

Runs great, drives great, feels great. From most angles, looks great (like a 5-series Bimmer). I'm a fat old man, and I find the Accord very comfortable. They did go button happy with the center stack. Service calls have been a pleasure so far. I've just had it in twice for oil changes.

gas mileage is good. not what the dealership said it would get.

The AC is the best i have ever had, The car comes with many added safety features such side air bags and vehicle stability control. Engine performance is good as well as build quality

Auto lighting,heated seats,I can shift manual,plenty of room and lots of visibility.The traction and stability control works really good. 

The price was excellent value but the interior is very roomy and seats my 3 kids great in the back and still has a huge trunk for everything else. The car looks great and I find myself looking it over when I shut the driver door.

Exterior design.

Handling, visual appeal, leg and shoulder room. Road/Engine noise is not an issue in the V-6.

Fun to drive, reliability.

The car looks great from the outside and several strangers have commented on its great road-side appeal. Interior space is very roomy.

Tilt and telescope steering wheel. In brief, riding the back seats are actually quite comfortable, ironically.

It is a good looking car. I like where all the buttons are on the dash and the steering column. The leather is soft and the back seat is nice and roomy. 

Handles smoothly, good mpg, roomy, nice stereo system with XM, sub, etc. No pretense whatsoever. Hopefully it will be reliable.

The navigation and exterior design. 

There is really nothing about this car that stands out as being a favorite feature.

Rear Leg Room, Strong and cold AC, Auto off lights, engine power, Dash lights at night and Ipod aux connection.

V6, Suspension, Smooth Automatic Transmission, ECO gas saving feature and VSA

Aux jack hidden in glove dept, garage link opener, heated everything, performance on the V6 (don't complain if your car is slow when you drive a 4 banger), ride quality, head room is more than a denali, back seat is as big as a two door car (I have a coupe), trunk space is big for a coupe, LOVE IT!

Exterior Style

Leather seat, big space for the kid. Exterior design.

Handles great and good acceleration.

The handling on this car is top notch. I like how traction and stability control are standard for 2009. Nice selection of options. You will not have to buy a $2000 navigation system to get fog lights unlike the Altima.

Excellent acceleration and handling; the interior is laid out well and attractive. 

Increased horsepower. New instrument panel/radio design. Roominess. Fuel economy.

Handling for a mid-large sedan. Interior design and storage space. 

It's always the little things that count the most; having an AUX outlet for the iPod and having the 12V power outlet in the center glovebox. XM radio built-in is nice. An outside temp display, a monitor/reminder for oil changes and the low tire pressure monitor are also a plus. Auto up/down windows.

Suspension and road handling, XM radio is fun to play with for those that aren't tech savvy. Steering wheel controls work very well.

Moon roof is great, Leather seats

