This is an excellent value given all the features and Toyota quality. Delivered price for AWD and virtually every option save the rear seat entertainment system, was $33,500. Very pleased with the combination NAV and backup camera, climate control, sound system, handling, fit and finish.

It was roomy inside, like the auto open on the hatch back.

Seats are very comfortable and vehicle has tons of room in front as well as rear seats.

Zippy engine, comfy seats (front and back) smart key feature, JBL stereo rocks! Power rear door, bluetooth phone thing is awesome!

Ease of entry, comfortable and spacious seats, ample cargo and storage space, HID headlights, good JBL audio system with Bluetooth, back-up camera in Navigation screen, sunroof brightens interior and looks good, and uses regular gas.

Roominess, ride. Priced well to compete with SUV market.

Everything! XM radio! 

Our faves are the acceleration. The great handling on curvy roads. The auto tailgate has been very handy while shopping and traveling. Plenty of space to pack items for a long trip. The nav system is one of our favorite features. Satellite radio with traffic warnings works well too. 

Roominess

Leather seats, NAV system, SAT radio, 2 moonroofs, A/C, roomy interior and plenty of leg and head room, power hatch, keyless entry and ignition,black floormats, back-up camera, smooth and quiet ride, # of cup holders, regular gas consumption! Fair price for so much luxury, safety, and comfort.

Everything--When I go in the car I don't have to jump up--not like the SUV's but it's still higher then the Sedans. The back is just right for my dogs (2) and the is big enough for all 4 of us. The window is perfect size not to big or small --the steering is soo easy and parking is the best--

Roomy seating, sitting up high, Smart Key, electric lift gate, instrument controls, panoramic roof, console, cornering, interior design, wagon without being a large SUV

Bluetooth, Navigation, Smartkey-so cool, 20" wheels, and the Barcelona Red (which I have). My 11 yo son loves it.

Center console, performance, auto dimming feature, HID headlamps

Plenty of room inside. It provides a comfortable ride except bumps on the road. Price is right at $25,500 for the base model with 4 cylinders. It could be a little cheaper. The front lights are bright.

Room, iPod accessory, panoramic glass roof, seat positions, control settings, wood and leather features, access of controls for cruise, bluetooth, audio system, cornering.

Very easy to get in and out of. I love the "keyless" ignition.

Interior and exterior look. Comfort in all seating. JBL sterio and XM radio (13 speakers). Ease of entry and exit with the low door sills as my wife has had both knees replaced.

Keyless go, Bluetooth, mileage, rear camera. Value. Too many to mention.

Auto climate control, drive train, seating, and the really big 20" wheels! My Tundra 4x4 with 33's has 16's and my Jeep with 35's has 15's. I'd imagine the tires are expensive to replace. The many cubbies and the sliding center console are really cool too. The pearl paint is beautiful.



wife likes the color and nav.

Ipod dock, amazing amount of room in the front console and bottle holders in all passenger doors.

comfortable ride and fuel mileage

The entry and exit are the interiors - not the mention the hp when you need it. 

JBL Synthesis Stereo w/Bluetooth, Smart Key System, Dual Exhaust and 20 inch wheels.

Style, room, handling, enhanced power steering, 20 inch wheels, comfortable seating, solid feel. Fun to drive.

Center Console...Large glove box...Generous cargo area....Comfortable seats...Dual ac/heat controls..Easy to see and read dials and gauges

Exterior and interior looks great I think.

Styling; ease of entry and exit; interior passenger space; audio and phone controls on the steering wheel; darker rear windows; reclining rear seats; power liftgate.

Styling,easy access,power rear door,heated seats,climate control system. Love the smart key and push button start. The seats are comfortable and it's fun to drive.

Great lines, 20" rims, roomy backseat - gobs of cargo capacity (though Edmunds says the RAV4 has more... how can that be?)

The stereo and accessories linked to it, storage throughout the car (suv?), the comfort. 

The power hatch release is great. I use it all the time. I also like how the rear view mirror changes at night time so you do not get the blinding lights in your eyes. The acceleration of the v6 is quick, it performs like a v8 and it is very quiet. AWD is great as there is no buttons to press.

Dash layout, seating design, upgrade nav, panoramic roof, power rear hatch, shall I continue?

Smart key, steering and total comfort. Optional space with fold down back seats. Ability to buy a much more affordable car versus the Lexus or Mercedes crossover. If you're debating between the regular stereo system versus the JBL surround, stereo is fantastic, sound is great.

Bright illuminated dashboard at night, backup camera in reverse, button all close to hands, starter push button only no physical key needed.

I like the Bluetooth option, w/ the ability to dial by name or number, and auto-sync on car entry. I love the convenience of the smart key, because I know as long as I have the key on me, I have full access and control of the car. The drive is solid and responsive, and the design is nice all around.

The interior is roomy - the back seat is truly comfortable for two tall adults. The center storage console actually fits my entire purse, which I really like. Super easy parking and good snow driving. Braking is so so.

Surprise feature was the centre console with tons of space to store goods, sliding centre arm rest and holster for blackberry. 

Stereo. Navigation system. Dual sunroof.

Nav-audio-Bluetooth integration, back seat room (scads of it), dual moonroof, innovative door design and construction, excellent power and ride, System display panel centered under windshield prevents driving distraction. (I am a retired USAF research pilot and cockpit design is very important!)

Interior space, style and features.

Heated seats, leather and navigation system; compact and so sporty!

Excellent Navi, Voice Navi, Bluetooth works great. Rear seats and space very comfortable, Auto High beam feature is a real plus during night driving, JBL 13 speaker system is excellent , back-up camera is very helpful, touch entry and locking is excellent.

Fun to drive, looks great. Smart key system. 

Style of the car is beautiful and the automatic cargo door and spacious cabin are great!

Leather is sweet, JBL is worth the extra $. I4 is plenty powerful. The style is great.

int/ext styling, seat fabric, dash design

Sunroof, pushbutton start/no key entry, power rear door. Synthesis sound system w/Bluetooth. Lots of storage, big room back seat with easy fold seat backs.

Blue tooth, keyless entry and ignition system, all wheel drive, stereo sounds excellent.

Smart key system, stats display, V6 AWD.

Looks, interior (w.leather pkg), performance w 4-cyl, handling, obvious high quality.

Stereo good and controls are well placed except for the forward window lifts controls which should be moved back aft.

Standard dual A/C, Fog Lights, XM and Power Seat. Lots of other cars in that price class (26k) don't have those standard. Lighted cup holders are a nice touch as is the pearl white paint option.

All the safety features.. Hip height entry.. Auto rear opener... Heated seats.. Lots of visibility... Love the windshield wipers... Love how the rear seats recline... Love the push button start...

cold ac, nice speakers, tight steering, quiet ride, exterior lights

The standard features of the base model is already generous enough to own one. Very stable in cornering considering the height of the vehicle. An absolute car like performance on a rugged looking vehicle. I like the big wheels on it.

Glad to see a company put 20" wheels as standard equip. Exterior Styling, Class 3 towing capacity, Electric Hatch, Six Speed Auto. trans.

So many to list. Keyless entry/ignition, dash layout, AWD, performance, nav system, XM, factory leather seating, 20" wheels, rear entertainment system, back-up cam, interior room/exterior styling, visibility. Did I mention the All Wheel Drive! Toyota did a great job on this vehicle.

Getting 25.6 mpg at an average speed of 36 mph after 2100 miles of driving. Controls are right where you'd want them and display is great. Back seat has plenty of room even with 6 footers in the front. I'm 6'2" and can walk under the rear hatch when it's open. Looks and rides great.

power/handling/towing capacity and gas mileage balance is perfect for me

The cockpit style drivers seat is awesome. Very convenient to everything and very comfy.

the pick up on the highway

push button start, gps system, overall ride and comfort

Looks - storage bin - JBL sound system - auto rear lift gate - quiet - ride quality

Interior, power lift gate, engine power, design, power sun roof with moon roof, all electronic gadgets, nav, bluetooth, MP3 hook up and the 13 speaker JBL sound system is out of this world. I love to listen to my Motown music cranked in it. It is awesome! 

The sporty look and the large tires. You don't have to worry about the bottom of your car scraping the ground when going into a steep driveway.

1. The V6 is well powered, not fast, but quick. 2. The car is comfortable and quiet, the JBL premium stereo is pretty good, although the bass is a bit hyped, high end a bit harsh at louder volumes. 3. Visibility is outstanding. The rear cam is WONDERFUL! 4. Bluetooth works REALLY well.

The look and comfort and great viewing areas. 

All of the functions that are included in the navigation package, like bluetooth, which works great. Comfortable seats with heat and adjustable lumbar support. All of the many and varied bells and whistles like the keyless start, automatic door locks, automatic high beams, and more cool features.

Visibility due to high driving position; ease of entry and egress; ease of loading and unloading cargo; navigation; stereo; cabin comfort.

Rear DVD (quiet kids), smooth ride and responsive handling. The upgraded JBL sound system is excellent. Rear back-up camera is a nice feature. We like the smartkey system and power tailgate so well that we are considering switching our other car to one that has smartkey.

Ride, handling and safety features.

Seats, navigation, daytime running lights, styling, power windows (all) are automatic down and automatic up from driver's seat. Also, nice location on console to store IPhone. Bluetooth integration is swell as well, for both the phone and the MP3 streaming. Automatic hatchback is nice too.

Body style, interior design, keyless ignition.

Spacious seating, multiple power outlets for accessories, large glove compartment, center island with plenty of storage space, reading lights, and aerodynamic stylish design. Four- cylinder with excellent fuel consumption and solid ride.

Love everything about it!! One cool thing we discovered on our NJ trip if you put drinks in the middle console they stay cold from the back AC unit!:)

Smart key, sound system (base) info system, and the high stance of the Venza. Loads of carrying capacity, and plenty of leg room for the rear seats.

The gas mileage is exceptional, I get 19/20mpg in city driving & so far, 26.1mpg for highway driving (over 100 miles). Acceleration-did not know how fast it was when I purchased the car.

keyless entry

I really like the leather seats, the sound system, the power and how the car handles. The options including Homelink are very nice. The vehicle was well thought out.

Ride performance, comfort, handling, appearance, audio system, bottle and cup holders, push button starter, heated seats, double moonroof, dealerships availability while traveling in case of an emergency.

Rear view camera, the TFT information display screen. 20" wheels! Power tailgate, navigation system is decent. 

The Navi talks to you in a way that you don't have to even look at the screen. Seats are comfortable. Good visibility. Steers, changes lanes, turns easily. Peppy.

The smart key ignition, XM radio, Auto climate control with separate control for passenger.

I love just about everything with this vehicle. It has a luxury car feel. It is a really good looking machine.

Exterior design, the dark gray color, the black flooring (I have 3 kids), all the standard options, I like how they have their packages, the size of it ... what isn't there to like about it (besides the 2 mentioned things). 

Love the 2.7L. Styling in and out is outstanding. Air conditioning with duel control (standard) is excellent. Fit and finish is flawless. Ride is great. Fun to drive. Well thought out car. Excellent mileage.

Added heated leather options, backup camera, MPG, spacious interior and cargo, smooth less noisy drive, Bluetooth, phone holders.

Homelink, Garage door operation, Bluetooth hands free in car cell phone use. Very nice performance, Lot of space and storage areas, but still working on the MPG shortfall as stated above. 

Smooth drive, roomy interior, beautiful exterior.

Body style.

Auto start, auto opening and closing rear hatch, keyless entry and tech features such as bluetooth.

quality & design of interior

Exterior (except grill), sound system, instrument layout, keyless entry, heated seats, and remote hatch. Also the six speed auto/manual transmission - smooth as silk.

Panoramic roof (makes the car feel even more spacious). Storage capacity & lots of clever storage for phone/ipod/etc. 

Roomy interior, quiet comfort, and ease of accessibility of spare wheel. Good gas consumption, presently 20 plus in town. With only 2000 miles I am unable to give an opinion on reliability, but expect it will be up to the standards of my old Lexus Rx.

4 cyl AWD has plenty of power but was thousands LESS MSRP than 6 cyl models; gorgeous leather seats; XM radio; auto down windows; beautiful fit & finish; 23 MPG so far; Blizzard Pearl paint.

Interior is well designed. Spacious and very comfortable ride. No blind spots. Quiet ride, much better than the Avalon that I also bought brand new.

My favorite feature is the automatic back hatch opening and closing as well as the auto start feature!

Favorite features are ride, handling, interior design, cargo capacity, and fuel economy.

Suggested Improvements

Style, especially with the 20" wheels; strong performance; JBL Synthesis is top-notch; good value; established and proven platform (Camry/Highlander); tech features (Bluetooth, Smart Key, power liftgate)

Golden Umber color is gorgeous. Shifter mounted in upper console is unique. Not wild about 20 inch wheels. Replacement tires WILL be expensive. Gets 26 mpg on local streets.

Exterior and interior design. 19" wheels. Passenger space. Gadget storage and wiring options. 4 cyl engine and resulting MPG. 

Bluetooth and Ipod interface, double moon roof, upscale leather interior with piping, power lift gate, backup camera, keyless start, telescoping wheel, way cool lighting on dashboard, HID headlights, information center, dual temperature control, cavernous console, lots of room in the second row.



Sound system, towing capability, engine, fit and finish

Huge bucket seats, panoramic sun roof, great looking ROOMY interior, JBL Synthesis really rocks, cool power rear hatch, all 4 windows are auto power up AND down, keyless entry and push button start are a must, 20" wheels look awesome. Ride and handling are great. Attention grabbing good looks. 

Keyless entry, moon roof, gas mileage, and handling.

Power, Transmission, Seating, Power Tailgate, Gas mileage, will have to wait to see how it is in the snow.

Electric steering, rear camera, gps, comfortable seating, power tailgate, ease of entry into both front and rear seating, nice JBL sound system, easy to load and unload rear.

everything!

Spacious Interior, Power fifth door is useful. Please don't buy DVD player from dealer... If you need one buy which is factory installed not dealer installed.

Easy entry for a 6'4" driver and passenger. Comfortable seats. We love the smart start. 

Especially like the nav system, dual sunroof, style, rear lift gate, smart key, sound system.



All. The Venza feels solid. Responsive handling, corners well. Comfortable ride. Safety features with 7 air bags. Smart key is one of my favorite features. I don't have to fish in my purse for my keys.

Well equipped, no complaints here.

The Nav, SAT, JBL sound system, sounds really good. I like the hatch back which helps out with loading and unloading. The easy to close back door with the push of a button on back door or key button. 

Push button start. Can't lock keys inside. Panoramic roof. Plenty of room in front and rear. 

Mileage, resale value, decent power on the V6

Keyless ignition and doors, mileage (with REGULAR gas instead of PREMIUM!!), interior comfort, iPod dock, bluetooth, best lumbar support of any vehicle that I considered, black carpet with beige interior (gives me the light interior I prefer with a carpet color that hides dirt and spills)

EVERYTHING! Heated leather seats, smart key, driver and passenger lumbar support, leg room in back for son-in-law, moon roof, handle release back seats, sound system, etc.

