None

Color-Green, Cargo Space, Stereo system.

Love the car otherwise.

Feels very stable, great handling. 4 cyl is enough power for me! Huge cargo space, 6 CD changer and AUX jack, huge sunroof. I'm sure I will love the heated seats come winter. 

For me first is the engine. But I also love the huge sunroof, navigation which isn't bad, leather seats, stereo, fit and finish, sporty dials and red lighting, SI-Drive, and much more. SI Drive really changes personalities more than I thought it would. I also love that the 2.5XT w/NAV is rare. 

Colors, stability, room, turns on a dime. Getting between 25-30 mpg, more around 27- impressed.



Symmetrical all wheel drive. Harman Kardon sound system. Interior design.

Huge sunroof, cargo space, comfy seats, HK stereo, factory tinted windows, cargo areas and function, high ground clearance and low roof height, traction control, heated mirrors & windshield wipers. It feels like a more expensive vehicle inside, the fit and finish is great.

The auxiliary jack for my i-pod, the garage door opener and compass in the rear view mirror, the much improved seats and fabric, the gas mileage (as advertised or better) to name a few. 

AWD, more space in the trunk, style and interior quality, high clearance

Velvety ride and handling. Not an SUV so corners wonderfully. Quietness and HK sound system. Nice package of handy features. 

Sunroof, cargo space, comfortable seats, radio, tinted rear windows etc.

Handling, safety rating, great interior design, intuitive and user-friendly controls, quite pleased with the HK stereo.

AWD, large sunroof, HK stereo, cargo room, seats are comfortable.

The comfortable heated seats. The Outback has a nice combination of high ground clearance and low roof loading height - for ease of loading kayak. Other cars with high ground clearance are too tall. Controls are intuitive. Heated mirrors. Excellent headlights. 

Sunroof, 60/40 split seats, overall handling, cargo space.

Heated Seats

Heated seats, rear view mirrors, windshield wipers. Love the huge sun roof and ease of operation. The front cockpit is intuitive and very functional, while extremely comfortable. The rear seats will be adequate for our grandkids. The cargo room with the rear seats down is great.

I like the Turbo engine but the rattle puts me in a bad mood every time I drive it.

Seats are great and so easy to move back or forward for best driving comforts.

AWD, Seats, Exterior design

Excellent traction in inclement weather, good power for city driving (Houston driving), interior fit/finish, easy-to-use, excellent utility use.

AWD, drivability, styling, winter package is great, especially heated front windshield wiper area, seats and mirrors. Safety plus.



Heated seats, 4WD, handling, headlights, ride quality, looks.

Smooth ride, handling unlike any other awd vehicle in it's class, or several levels above. The new Harmon Kardon sound system is fantastic - this is a huge improvement over past model years!

5-Star crash test rating, handling, smooth transmission, AWD, fun-to-drive factor, handsome interior, good-looking exterior, Harmon-Kardon stereo.

Smooth ride. Quiet.

All-wheel drive, sporty drive.

Heated seats. Harmon Kardon stereo. VDC.

We like everything it came with. Steering wheel controls and seat heaters are favorites

Styling and utility - can haul a load to the dump or ski slopes and then take us to the theater - all in style.

Great compromise between handling and snow/rough road capabilities. The size is just right as long as you're under 5'11" and your kids are still small. Overall appearance has received a contemporary update.

acceleration and quietness of the turbo, front seats, versatility of awd and ground clearance. Easy to load bikes on top. SI drive.

Harmon Kardon radio and AWD. A good cruiser in the hwy.

Great gas mileage. Low tailgate makes for easy entry for my 2 dogs.

Fun to drive. good gas mileage. Almost a perfect car for me.

iPod connector, AWD, Harman Kardon stereo

Very powerful yet retains above-average gas mileage. Very roomy and functional in the cargo department. Moonroof is huge, open the interior slide, it's like you're in a convertible. Aux input for an iPod in the center console, Harman Kardon audio. 5 Speed. Crash test scores. Reliable. Subaru AWD.

The sunroof is huge and the Harman Kardon stereo is impressive. I like the safety rating that this vehicle gets. 

Vehicle Dynamics Control (VDC) super gas mileage. Interior on the Limited is L.L.Bean even though it doesn't say it on the car. Harman Kardon stereo. 2.5i engine. I like it because it has plenty of fun factor power, has the reliability of a Mule and is very easy to work on. Turbo it for more fun. 

All of them. I have no navigation by choice.

Nice leather interior, good looks, smooth driving.

