

Hatch, but without looking like a hatch! I can fit my guitar, some small luggage in the hatch, my kid in his carseat in the back and still turn heads on the street.

Able to control Ipod with the steering wheel, sound system, sunroof, and I found the suspension to be quite respectable.. I don't rev to the redline, but I do drive like a maniac at times, and it handles rather well

Easy to work on/do maintenance, reliable, holds value!, interior build quality, projector headlights, fold-flat seats, factory ipod integration/steering wheel controls, front seats fold back, I could go on forever

Sound system with Navigation (Big touch screen)is excellent. Plays DVD's too!! Moon/sun roof is great and I loved the reclining back seats. The optional body kit sets off its sleek design and the Pearl white paint is beautiful. Looks even better with my dark tinted windows..

I love the sound system, well worth the money to upgrade. Love the two moon roofs even though the backseat one doesn't open. Drives nice in the city. AC works great, it gets nice and cold for hot days.

Stereo is great. Smooth drive. Moon/sun roof.

Hands down, the audio/sound sysytem.

The sunroof and moonroof are excellent. The iPod connector comes in handy, allows me to change songs using the steering wheel controls. The factory sound system is pretty impressive.

Everything except the service is great!

My favorite features are: -The Engine -The interior as a whole -The Sound System is phenomenal!

Moonroof, most of all projector headlights

iPod & MP3 hook-ups, Moonroof, Performance.

Stereo, sub woofer, moon roof, gorgeous color and peppyness!

Panoramic moonroof, folding rear seats, trunk room.

Manual transmission is fun on this car. The stereo is amazing. The moon roof is wonderful. The style is very sporty. It handles well in turns and on the highway. 

The thing I like best about the Scion tCs are its safety features. The car kept me out of the ER when my Scion tC 2008 was wreaked. That's why I bought the same thing in the 2009 version. 

double moon roof! I pod adapter! wave pearl (ice blue) color! Pioneer Stereo system!

Sun roof, decent factory radio w/ ipod and steering wheel controls, decent handling, Toyota reliability, easy to take apart/modify

moon roof

radio. rims. the trunk. everything is put on the key [lock and unlock button], interior is very comfortable, headroom in the back is surprisingly good

Full panoramic glass roof with power moonroof, steering wheel radio controls, high polished alloy wheels, Pioneer sound system there are so many settings to make it sound great. The turn signals on the mirrors, the seats and overall interior. I feel like I'm driving a $25-30K car for much less.

Performance and handling are #1. Tight steering that feels right. Great stereo and moonroof. Good interior layout, room and overall comfort. There's actually a place for my left foot! One-piece key/remote. Tons of available options. The TC looks as good as it drives.

Premium stereo is da bomb! Great iPod control. Awesome moonroof. The left foot rest is thoughtful. Overall design is very sleek. Tons of options available. Everything a sports car should be.

7 speaker Pioneer sound system

Sound system, style of body... 

the only feature is an i-pod connection

Stereo, Torque, look and feel. Seriously, just about everything.

Stereo & steering

Stereo door to hide upgrade HU; hidden ipod connector in armrest; dual sunroof; engine immobilizer

