Very comfortable seats and driving position. Excellent automatic transmission. Excellent handling. Every car should have heated seats! Everyone should have a small hatchback. So versatile!

Excellent acceleration. Quality build. Roomy, yet with a small exterior. Hatchback. Blue & red gauge lights. Red LEDs in the ceiling for soft lighting of the cabin at night. Chilled glove- box. Thick, easy-to-grip steering wheel. Momentary movement of the turn signal activates the blinker 3 flashes.

Competent handling, heated seats, fit and finish.

Engine, transmission, suspension combination. Stereo system with 10 speakers. Standard ESP. Key fob can open or close windows. Sunroof. Blue and red gauge cluster lights. Controls are intuitive and well laid out. One touch window controls.

6 speed Tiptronic Transmission

Interior appointments and performance.

Solid build quality, great handling, peppy 2.5L engine, lots of room (I'm a big guy), red LEDs light the interior at night, easy-to-read gauges, hidden iPod dock, heated seats, adjustable center armrest, rear wiper, chilled glove compartment, defrost for side-view mirrors and back window

Perfectly sized steering wheel and fairly intuitive controls. Excellent gear shift lever. I love the way the gear selector "snickity-snicks" into place with precision with moderately short throws. There's a lot of nice touches like the Gorilla Mat for the trunk, fasteners and the full sized spare!

ride handling leather steering wheel feel xenon headlights

It is pretty maneuverable and responsive like you expect from a little car, but it is really smooth on the highway.

Heated seats! Fantastic headlights. Intermittent rear wiper. Tiptronic. Jumping Rabbit insignia. 

Good handling. Fun to drive. Heated seats. 

The loads of standard features (sat radio, seat warmers, etc) and the excellent engine.

Heated seats are divine, a/c in glove box will likely be a favorite in summer. I find the space ample and the seats comfortable. I like the defrosting rear view mirrors.

Acceleration, sunroof, Sirius (I was surprised how much I liked this), great feel when driving. Also...how did I ever live without a hatch?

display, motor, design, safety.

power handling structure simplicity

Horsepower (170), 6-speed Tiptronic transmission, rear window wiper, sunroof, roomy & comfortable interior

Engine performance and sound, drive stability on highway, heated seats, turn signal, stability control, 4 wheel disc with ABS, interior sound level at speed, fun-factor.

New to me the bump turn signal and you get 3 blinks, fabulous all cars should have it. The windows one click up & down is nice. Love the hatch opening handle, don't know why some dis it because it's one finger lift and it looks cool. Steering wheel is sweet. Vents under the seats are nice. 4whdiscb

This bunny hops! The Rabbit is so much fun to drive. I hadn't driven a stick shift in 11 years, but am having a ball driving this car. Even though it's a small car, it feels big inside. My golden retriever can sleep in the back without laying the back seat down. I LOVE this car. 

-German design and build quality. -170 horses - turn radius - handling - full spare tire - ample room in the front (I drive alone 85% of the time. Definitely not a family car). - Standard ESP - standard safety features (a big plus since I got into the aforementioned car wreck).

Ipod connection, 30 second locking, and 170 bunny horses

Very comfortable ride. Problem with most small cars I've had in past is that on long trips, road noise, low car weight, and underpowered engines kept me at home. This 09 does very well on the interstate and as quiet as my E series Benz.

Horsepower, ride quality, low road & wind noise, quality of interior materials, exterior and interior looks - simple and elegant, feels like an older BMW, the little "Easter eggs" you find and appreciate, ALL of the safety stuff you could want

It's great for city driving. Has a roomy trunk. The triptronic transmission is Fun.

heated seat standard, Traction control, 6 speed semi-auto trans. back wiper, heated side mirrors for winter

Unique features that are hidden in the car; the black cloth interior is really nice; makes me feel like I'm driving a sports car. Oh and the PONIES. This thing has some nice kick for a small car, so don't underestimate it when you tail behind in traffic. 

Size, weight and engine power. Audio system. Bucket-style seats. Airbags everywhere. Many options of wheels. 

Great driving experience. I have never owned a small car and am impressed. If I had it to do over I would buy it again and again.

