Engine. Sound. Steering wheel controls.

Engine, and features like navigation system, bluetooth, play mp3 music.

This is a very high quality car in nearly all respects. Nav is easy to use and the Premium pkg stereo sounds great. Fantastic handling and acceleration with no squeaks or rattles. Shift action is short and precise.

Rear view camera and integrated electronic controls (bluetooth, iPod, 9.3GB hard drive). The look of the car itself, beautiful.

Well made and solid feeling of driving without any weird sound from the car frame.

Sound system, navigation, convertible

Styling is perfect, doesn't scream "look at me" like the Cadillac CTS or Pontiac G8, just very sporty & classy. Decent trunk space for being rather short in the tail. The illuminated kick plates are a nice touch and helpful at night. The Bose premium sound system is quite impressive w/ nice clarity.

The NAVI/BOSE is fantastic. With the hard drive audio I always have about 100 cds at my fingertips. Better still is the throttle response -- pretty much all up and down the dial. Lots of gitty-up. Especially fun in the wet as the AWD puts the power down just fine. A Screaming Value. A Best Buy!

Navigation system is outstanding, bluetooth works flawlessly, power and interior design. I also like the fact that I can keep the keys in my pocket while locking, unlocking, and starting the car. I love the exhaust note and the power in this car is unbelievable. Backup camera is great.

The strong engine, intuitive navigation/bluetooth system, and athletic handling sold us (me especially) on this car.

Other than the great looks--the Nav system, back up camera, Bose speakers in the headrests, comfortable ventilated/heated seats.

Short throw shifter (6MT) and acceleration beat many "sports" cars out there. Braking is phenomenal, and there's no roll, while taking corners faster. Job well done on the 4wheel Steering. Voice activated features like phonebook, address etc.

Design, ride, quality of materials, reaction from others

The convertible part! The top goes up and down smoothly.

Sport seats, 19" wheels, Bose Audio system, Bluetooth, Navigation system, styling is great, LED tailgaits, HID headlights. 

Great power band. Very comfortable. Navigation and voice commands are very easy to use and effective.

Power 3.7 V6 and handling.

The seats. With my back problems, it feels like the seat cuffs my back in all the right places. Push button start is very convenient, I also like the automatic reminders for service. So many good things to mention and so little space to mention them...just go drive one!

Bluetooth, navigation, push button start, Bose sound, iPod hookup, much improved ride quality and quietness (albeit apparently to the demise of performance).

Navigation, rear view monitor, Bluetooth, and Ipod connector. For those of you saying your Ipod won't charge---this car was not built in time for some of the newer generation Ipods/Iphones. You need an adaptor. Try the SCOSCHE PASSPORT IPOD/IPHONE CHARGING ADAPTOR.

Comfort, performance, quality

328 hp engine, exterior/interior design, keyless entry/engine start, HID headlights, auto-dim mirrors, scratch-shield paint, dual chrome exhaust finishers

Everything about the car.

Speed, acceleration, fit/finish, backup camera, nav, IPOD connectivity and hard drive.

This car is quick off the tape. I don't drive like a maniac but it's nice to know that acceleration is there if I need it! 

Comfort and handling. Accelerates like a rocket. Very fun to drive.

The bends, sticking to the road. 

Keyless entry w/ push button start, navigation with traffic feed (so handy), the CF card for music is awesome.

Navigation, BOSE sounds, 0-60mile acceleration, powerful engine.

Handling, engine power (and growl) when accelerating, features/technology, AWD traction sticks like glue, intuitive controls, seats/ergonomics, etc.

Music Box, touch screen, easy nav use sport seats, thigh extender tranny, handling.

Keyless entry, Bose sound system, great styling, great performance, great handling.

Considering the power this car has, the added weight of the x trim, and the car's size, the gas mileage is very good! I owned a 2004 G35x previously. Even though it was overall a very good car, the G37x is better in every way but one. The G37x requires premium fuel, the G35x recommended premium.



Bluetooth, intuitive nav system, dynamic sound system, cornering capability, and deep baritone resonance of the dual exhaust.

Heated/Cooled seats, Back up camera, Keyless entry, Convertible hard top!

A nearly flawless package.

Power and handling. Push button start and Bluetooth.

Quick and easy hard top convertible, power is outstanding, comfort is awesome, it's all great! Have yet to find one thing I don't like about it.

Looks, comfort, handling, beautiful leather & wood trim interior, BOSE sound, backup cam + Nav, roomy trunk, keyless.

Every feature that I am aware of. Power, Handling, complete response, technology - Intelligent cruise control, sports seats, paddle shifters, AWD technology, Backup camera and many more... 

I am impressed with the high tech toys with the G37x. The Navi system is the best in the industry along with voice recognition. It is actually pretty quiet and comfortable to drive.

Powertrain response is much better than when it had the 5-spd trans. Handling is pretty good, although at street-legal speeds I like my '04 Mazada6 better. I'm sure at track speeds the G37 will blow it away. All the buttons/switches are where you expect them, so it took minimal time to learn them.

Everything. Bose stereo. Bluetooth phone. Comfortable seats. Push button ignition. Infiniti reliability. Power. Class. Smooth ride. AWD technology. 

Acceleration, IPOD interface, push button start, intelligent key, steering, headlights.

Performance/luxury for the low Price. Even over other Japanese manufacturers. I.E. Lexus, Acura etc. 

Excellent powertrain!

Power, electronics.

Sounds from acceleration. Back up camera. Navigation with touch screen as well as voice activation. 

The Navigation and Voice Command system is Amazing with a hard drive to store all my music too.

The G37's have extensive features. I like the ipod interface and the information screen. The control is easy. I tried the iDrive and it had multi-level menus this is better. My favorite? Intelligent key by far. I like keeping the key in my pocket. The steering is great and of course the power. 

Smooth power band, great handling.

Handling; power; iPod integration; nav system; Music Box; backup camera; intuitive controls for all of the above; Washi interior trim; responsive brakes; lovely engine sound; fully adjustable steering column; beautiful, unpretentious design all around.

Music box, ipod integration, compact flash slot, backup camera, power and handling.

Styling, navigation, 7AT, xenon headlights, exhaust note, leather seats, horsepower

Excellent driving car. Excellent features. Mileage is better than expected (average 21.8 in mostly city driving over about 4000 miles). Got 27 on recent highway trip (avg. about 75 mph). 

Key less entry, navigation, ipod, music box.

The power, the sound of the exhaust, the sport seats, the solid feel of the car, great nav system and extremely well thought out easy to use controls. Lots of bang for the buck!

Music box hard drive, quality of sound system, satellite radio, sound of the engine, bluetooth, comfort of the seats, styling, back-up camera.

Pros: Fast! Fast! Fast!! 7 speed transmission Paddle shifters Navigation 18" Sport Wheels Very Comfortable driver's seat Good Hwy mileage 29-30mpg on recent short trip Ipod connection Scratch Shield Paint

Steering, handling, power, exhaust tone, 3 radio bands with 18 presets, music hard drive, comfortable seats, usable trunk, and great styling. High value quotient.

potent engine note, redundant controls, exterior styling, still sporty without the $2k sport package

HDD- base Navigation System, Advanced Back-up Camera, Voice Recognition System, Intelligent Key (standard), basically all the tech toys and how seamlessly and user friendly it is to operate.

iPod integration (bravo!), fast, solid and "sticky" feeling. Honorable mention to the Bluetooth integration and for going to a touch-screen nav system (last one I looked at forced you do use the silly wheel). 

As a previous Audi owner I must say that ATTESSA is superior. Interior is right up there with Audi. The engine sounds and feels very good. The front sport facia is beautiful but there are no pictures of it at Infiniti. The multi media interface is simple and logical. 

New engine - 3.7L VVT is outstanding. Great acceleration and power. New transmission - 7 speed is great with the new engine. Perfect combination. Navigation system - best system available. Ground effects in front. Paddle shifters. Music box. AWD - already tested on ice and snow. Flawless.

Infiniti did a great job with the new engine and tranny. They desperately needed to upgrade to a 7 speed tranny, and add some power to the V-6. I love this car inside and out. The interior screams $50k luxury car. The layout and navi is great, and the seats are comfy. The AWD will help in Chicago

Speed sensitive door locks, adaptive front lighting, Bose 11 speaker stereo, Intelligent cruise control, Music box, 7 speed automatic and so many more technological and safety features.

