comfortable driver seat easy handling smooth comfortable drive----

Bluetooth, comfy seats, her curves, MPG. All the space.

lots of cup holders.

Outside look, roominess, turning radius, gas mileage, shag carpeting for holding my shades and phone. Radio is actually pretty good in sound quality.

Comfortable, handles and rides great and - hour commute each way. love the room, comfort, blue tooth.

Love the intelligent key. If you are a woman you will love it too! Throw the keys in your purse and you never have to dig them out!! Just have the "key" in your purse, walk up to the car and push a button on the door handle to unlock or lock it. 

panoramic view, exterior looks, gas mileage

So much room. Feels like driving a minivan. 

CVT and the 1.8; smooth, quiet and good mpg's. The sliding/reclining rear seat is a nice touch and I love never hitting my head on a top opening hatch. The seats are fantastic, and the overall interior is spacious and very inviting. I guess my favorite feature is the whole car.

Big doors and ease of entry / exit. Love the view and the way it drives. Love the styling, looks like nothing else on the road. Get's a lot of attention. Something you would expect to see a spaceman crawl out of. Adjustable rear seating. Rear swing open door, kinda looks like a micro-hearse

Exterior looks, lots of head and leg room in the front, auto headlights, auto temp. control, easy and fun to drive, steering is very responsive

Room. style. mpg. price.

A great sound system with the SL preferred Package. The climate system is all digital and very easy to use, the bluetooth and push button start no keys i love it. The panoramic view sold me the windshield is set back it doesn't come at you it feels like i'm sitting in a retro 60's car roomy interior A+

Audio options, cup holder on the left drivers side, lighted center cup holder turns my water bottle into ART..R.Fosgate speaker. Seats are vertical like a chair & makes getting in and out easy. TOTALLY ROOMY--feels like sitting in a jacuzzi..Keyless entry/ignition is sweet..

Blue tooth, push button start, illumination package, shag topper 

The room in the interior is my favorite part of my Cube, but I love the creativity that had to be used in its design all the way around. I am an art teacher and it is a great design inspiration.

Love the looks. Like having four headrests. Huge glovebox. Back hatch opens sideways, hooks to hold the floormat in place.back seat slide forward. More power than expected.

Electric(all) disco lights, CVT transmission, color (red), Fun car!

Peppy performance, hugy room, comfortable seats, odd looks, and fuel economy.

Amount of space, room, brakes, turning, gas mileage, stylish. Lots of amenities and features for the low price, cool character. 

Over all design. comfort of ride. Outstanding fuel economy.

good head room, easy exit from vehicle, good mpg city and highway, fits anywhere, great suspension and maneuverability, almost 360 degree viewing, handles okay in rain and wind, power is appropriate, smooth ride, quiet engine, head and tail lights excellent, sits higher than most compact cars

comfort, shape, ride, MPG

Head room

space performance mileage

1) SL with AERO kit has show stopper looks 2) SL Preferred Package a must 3) Love the Intelligent Keyless system 4) Love the feel of the CVT when accelerating on freeway 5) Gas mileage 32 6) Backseat loads of room and headroom 7) Safety features, NHTSA Crash test ratings 4/5 8) Auto temp control 

Looks and the seats

Bluetooth, ipod compatibility, upgraded stereo system, and overall character.

Sl with preferred & ginormous is the best equipped model. You get the body kit, bluetooth, & intellikey (my favorite). Easy in & out. Storage is small, but all the good out weighs the bad. Info cluster is Nice. Shows current mileage so you know when you're saving gas. Again, love my cube!



Styling is unique, headroom is incredible. Power windows, cruise, decent stereo, ABS, and the swinging back door are great features, as is the reclining back seat. 

EXTREME height in the ceiling, great for long-legged drivers! Temp controlled AC/heating rather than on/off, lots of storage space, multiple colored LED lights are fun, nice controls on steering wheel

the trunk

I love that I can raise the seat. The seats are very comfortable. Very smooth ride. Great radio. Love the color. It is a pink red. A chick color.

Everything! Large inside. Great sight lines. Comfortable seats. 20 color light show. The swirls on the ceiling. The refrigerator rear door. 

Asymetrical design and awesome seat design. Great Head and leg room. MPG

The interior design.



Intelli-key, sound system, options and handling.

IPOD dock and blue tooth and IPOD controls on steering wheel. Swing open rear door. MPG indicator CVT transmission and air conditioner controls. sound system

MPG,MPG,MPG. The interior room and the seats. Also, the lack of a rubber timing chain(less maintenance dollars down the road)and the funky sheetmetal design.

The interior layout.The color choices. You can park it anywhere! The CVT took getting used to, but it's great.I like the safety features. It's just comfortable to be in. People will stop to talk to you about this car everywhere you go. If you don't like attention-this isn't the car for you

Intelligent key. No more locked-in keys. (But "valet key" can only lock/unlock doors, unless I'm missing something). XM radio/upgraded stereo. Bluetooth (except trouble with a Blackberry, plus only works 1 phn at a time). Comfortable seating. Roomy. Big glove compartment. Turning radius. 

The view from the windows. Also like the 20+ color interior lights-- something to play with, the bluetooth, and let's not forget that awesome sound system.

I-POD integrated audion system Smart Key, Blue Tooth, XM Radio 

Pleanty of room

Seat comfort, Bluetooth, Interior Room, Driving Experience

the visibility, you can fit this car anywhere,and the seats are pretty comfortable.

Styling is Awesome!

Love the CVT and Interior lights. Rockford Fosgate is really nice.

Interior layout, funky styling, comfort, fantastic driver visibility, handling.

Seats are great. I wish I could the Bluetooth.

transmission smooth shiftless. large windows No excessive fan noise from the A/C Styling Interior and exterior. VDC included as standard. Plenty of headroom. Blue tooth. Stereo rocks better than my old Bose system

Seats are VERY comfortable. We took a 200 mile commute and no one experienced any lower back pains. Creature features (e.g. auto temperature and radio) on the SL Trim, intelligent key (LOVE THIS), styling. Synced up to iPhone (2G) very easily after reviewing instructions in the manual.

THE ROOM! Fun and different look to it, rockin' sound system, and the bluetooth capability to call from your call and talk hands free is AWESOME!

Exterior styling,CVT automatic,nice interior.

Design, room inside, and the comfortable ride.

