Warranty, reliability, ratings

Fuel Economy,easy to park,easy to maintain. Overall the best bang for the buck. It is also one less part to break. I use Mobile 1 OW-20 oil, with a Napa Gold filter and I change the oil every 7500 miles.

armrest on driver side, lighted vanity mirrors, extra compartments for sunglasses and stuff, low tire sensor, tilt steering, actual spare TIRE, sunroof, foglights, shiny paint. it's a very cute car - the low pro tires and wheels aren't bad. i really love the apple green color. i call it 'the pod'.

Plenty of interior space

Gas mileage and fun to drive, oh and turning radius. A real pleasure to park!

Gas mileage is good. Interior layout is simple. Smooth ride and quiet at cruise speeds. Radio has XM service. Arm rest. Additional recline position for rear seat back(s). After unlocking power door locks with remote the doors will relock after ~1 minute if you do not open a door.

blue tooth, 5 speed, xm =], and comfort.

xm radio

nice overall body style, great mpg, quiet ride, nice handling, nice interior layout

Price, gas mileage

looks, both inside and out,stereo,cargo room, gas value

6 air bags standard, auxiliary jack, mpg, the body lines, interior is comfortable. very clean interior design.

Roominess, CD player with 3 months free XM (what a deal), ride and comfort. Ease of finding serviceable items under the hood. Overall design of car.

Peppy engine w/ the 5 speed. Nice ride for an econobox. Firm, solid build

1. Get up a go 2. pleanty of room 3. gas mileage 4. looks 5. Hatch back with split back seat 6. Handles great

XM radio and storage area.

Looks, ease of driving, nice stereo, controls easy to operate, plenty of room.

lots of room and the sound system is good drives good 

fuel efficiency big trunk speakers system

The audio in this car sounds better than all others in it's class and that's a bonus for me because music is big part of my life style. We also enjoy the popular equipment package it came with.

16" alloy wheels and factory stereo. driver side armrest is money.

Alloy rims, satellite radio, B&M short-shifter....and the interior fabrics.

The appearance. 

I like the body lines and the way it looks parked

