420 hp...need i say more

The 5.7 liter motor is a beast in power and thirst. The quality of the leather seats is outstanding. As far as I am aware Chrysler is the only manufacturer offering the built in hard drive. I have loaded at least 20 CD's into it - awesome.

Leather, sun roof, heated seats, boston acoustics sound system.

Smooth ride, very comfortable interior

sunroof, satellite radio, hands free U-Connect bluetooth Phone system

Stereo, nav system

V8 Hemi engine. Solid ride quality. Decent handling for a Jeep. Good value.

My Gig, Uconnect, Ride and handling

Versatility, from weekend projects to weekend trips,it handles both well !!

New Hemi with VVT and improved MDS makes for easy driving. Handling and ride are both exceptional for a multi purpose vehicle. 

We bought the truck fully loaded so it's hard to pick one thing so I'll just pick the obvious....HP!!!!

Drive Train superior/Handling is the best in SUV class. EPS/Quadra Drive II exceeds anything I've test driven. SunRoof, cargo bay, roof rack, tow package pulls like a workhorse. Full electr package w/DVD, 30Gig HD! Navtech-awesome. Driver seat huge for a tall,"big,"guy.Back-up camera, awesome video.

Drive Train superior/Handling is the best in SUV class. EPS/Quadra Drive II exceeds anything I've test driven. SunRoof, cargo bay, roof rack, tow package pulls like a workhorse. Full electr package w/DVD, 30Gig HD! Navtech-awesome. Driver seat huge for a tall,"big,"guy.Back-up camera, awesome video.

Hemi engine, Remote Start, HID's with self leveling, Nav, Sirius radio, voice activation, HDD music storage, backup camera and sensors, auto rain sensing wipers. 

Love the looks, the ride, the comfortable seats and the great sound system - pretty much everything

Diesel engine, comfort, fuel economy, road manners.

Smooth and quiet ride. Great handling. Boston Acoustics sound system. Comfortable leather seats. Really eveything about the vehicle.

5.7 L Hemi provides acceleration out of the box. Best looking SUV on the market in my mind...the Overland has nice chrome trim that is not too garish. Love the back up camera and warning system. Instrument panel very clear and easy to access

Very smooth shifting and acceleration! Sound system great Very sound (no rattles) and quiet. 

Boston Acoustics Premium Sound system rocks, My GIG and Navigation system.

