interior,ride and milage

USB input,nice interior,spacious interior and trunk.

xm radio

Now I guess shiftronics & traction control is high on my list. All options on new SE model are very pleasing for functional and visual effect. Sonata is engineered and built in the USA even engine and drive train.

6 Speakers system + USB/IPOD = AWESOME. Good gaz mileage on road. Mixed leather/cloth seats is a great idea. Very large trunk.

Audio system very easy to use with very little looking for where's that button. Wife wishes for a cassette player but her car has one and I have no use.

Good value and mpg and safety features for the money spent. Infinity sound system with the 6 cd changer is excellent. I am going to enjoy the heated seats in the Mn. winter around the corner. Auto trans. shifting is very smooth. Most importantly is the fact it has a timing chain instead of a belt.

Good value for money. No other manufacturer could beat it. I was a Nissan guy and have 2 Altimas 1998 and 2005. I'm glad I made Sonata as my 3rd car purchase. I gave up the brand loyalty as it was just paying too much and getting too little.

The interior space is excellent. I am a big guy, over 6'2" and have several inches to spare above my head, especially with the sunroof. I also am very surprised by the handling, which is very smooth, and the engine, which has plenty of pep when I need it. My wife and I also love the heated seats.

Can't say I really had any favorite features. We enjoyed the quietness, comfort and fuel economy. I typically get around 29-30 mpg at home in mixed driving.

Moon Roof, interior design, automatic transmission, responsive 4 cyl motor.

My favorite feature is still the velvety highway ride. That's where the compliments end however. These problems have all surfaced in the first year: very harsh shifting transmission, navigation system freezing up, dash making cracking noises as it expands and contracts with changes in temperature.

Warranty! Of course. Zippy V6, sexy exterior, 6 disk MP3 player, built in USB and aux, 6.1 speaker stereo system, clean attractive interior, how do I pick? I guess my favorite thing is that it's mine all mine.

like everything

Power, smoothness, size of interior, nice exterior (maroon), Great economy,

New interior layout, dual zone climate control, ride quality, standard XM.

All the stuff you get on the base car, all safety features, mp3 hook up or lap top, tilt wheel, one push driver door, power Windows. Big gas tank less time at gas station drove from ky to on one tank of gas my other car's would have to fill up one or two times on the trip.



Nice ride, no mechanical issues and the finish is very nice.

Dash Cloth Seats Textured Cloth on door panels The Dash in absolutely gorgeous

Interior design is worlds better than my 2007 Ltd. The 16" tires absorbs bumps a lot better than my Ltd. I just checked the mileage and it currently reads 26mpg, which is much better than what I'm getting on my V6 (21mpg). Also, Sonatas DO get better mileage the longer you drive it.

Price! Awesome Infinity sound system, superb ipod integration, interior console design & illumination, voice- controlled nav / ipod / radio, touchscreen, adequate power, good mileage (25 city), great interior space and huge trunk, hood and trunk struts. DVD video is surprisingly crisp.

The new interior is very contemporary and full of class. The new XM radio and the iPod connectivity is great! The engine was tweaked with increased horsepower and improved fuel economy. I am getting 28-29mpg on the highway with a V6!

Large trunk, xm radio and features on steering wheel for music

Center stack! Storage bins galore! Massive trunk. XM radio, beautiful lighting at night.

I sun roof is fun and feels great, better than a convertible, you get the open air sensation without the hair mess. XM Radio is great. The wording on the console and symbols are easy to read. 

Ipod, XM radio, Electronics are very fancy. Car is sporty. 

Heated seats, stealthy 175 HP 4-banger, 17 inch alloy wheels, color.

Quietness and comfort of ride-- steering responsiveness--interior design of the panel--comfortable front seats. Environmentally friendly.

The ride is the one feature that really stands out

Interior very upscale

Interior design. Easily worked radio with XM and USB. Actually like deep cup holders (I don't drink coffee). Heated 8-way power seat. Quiet ride, smooth power. Large lined trunk, trunk and hood on struts (ahem Honda). Easy access to items like oil filter, washer filler, etc. Price!

Interior, smooth ride. Controls.

Dash lighting and layout look great, standard iPod/USB jack. Steering wheel audio controls are nice. Very roomy interior - this thing is huge! 5 speed auto with manual shifting. 

Navigation System, Auto Temperature Control, iPod Connectivity, Comfort, Rear Seat Space (two car seats fit nicely)

Audio Controls on Steering Wheel, USB port which you can fit your flash drive that accepts mp3 and wma files!! (no need to burn CDs) Spacious Trunk and Interior room. Projector style headlights! Again, Very quiet ride even on highways. Great MPG!

exterior of car, XM radio

V6 provides more than enough power in all situations. Suspension smooths out city bumps very nicely, car rides quietly, the interior is comfortable, controls are well organized. Pay one price and every available option is included except navigation. 

Standard eqip. Electronic stability control, standard. GREAT quite ride!

Good power and acceleration. Auto dimming rear view mirror is nice along with heated outside mirrors. Good sound system. Comfortable seats.

The trip computer and the power seats and the XM radio steering w. Controls. This car is about the same in gas mileage as my previous 07 elantra, but it's more comfortable.

fuel economy is good for a 249 hp car. oil filter is easy to change. The car is good to look at inside and out. Huge back seat and trunk. 

All the bells and whistles in the interior for way less money then the other brands. Hyundai has come a LONG way in quality. Great warranty 10 year 100k mile drive train, 5 year 50k roadside assistance. Can't do better for the money

PRICE! Power seat comfort; V6 engine torque; clean sharp ext. & int. styling; color (Willow Grey); handling, visibility; storage space galore! power outlets; 17" alum. 5- spoke wheels; driver ergonomics; quiet interior; stereo (really, it's fine!); my secretary has a Camry; I like this much better! 

The Ride & Handling are very good. Powerful 4cyl. Shift tronic is great. Love the interior & blue dash lights. XM radio. Good gas mileage.

Comfort. Ride. Gas mileage. Standard Features are abundant. PRICE!

Safety, great stereo w/USB iPod hookup, amazing gas mileage

The blue lighting on the buttons and console. The stereo of course. The Shiftronic is a delight. 

Traction control. XM Radio. Quite engine. Standard Michelin tires. Large trunk. MP3/USB/12vt receptacle plug ins in the console. Gets the advertised mpg. Good range.

Excellent pickup, smooth ride,dual heated front seats, 60/40 split, faux wood touches in front cabin,superb gas mileage,best warranty among auto mfgs.,excellent conservative styling, great XM radio reception,retractable moon roof, rapid heating and air conditioning response, and ESC/Traction Control

Exterior color, classy interior styling, versatile stereo, handy steering wheel audio controls, excellent gas mileage, quiet ride, low price for what you get, best warranty in the business, low maintenance. 

 The engine is very quiet. The styling is nice, the trunk is large, and features abound.The warranty can't be beat.

Effortless steering, smooth ride, good gas mileage, well-designed instrumentation.

Headlights are great, the upgrade with power seat gives a nice interior, shifts fantastic, nice feel when driving, and actually does not handle as bad as some reviews say. It corners nice, good power and very large and comfortable. 

XM radio, huge trunk, blue-lit dash, big interior; five-speed automatic, 

Power and basic handling

Interior lighting. Ride quality. Mileage. 

Quiet! Dual zone auto climate system. Heated leather front seats. Great sound system. Upscale interior. Very good mileage.

Satellite radio, interior design, and smooth riding.

Excellent interior, comfortable for long drive and more over fuel efficient on high way I received 34mile/gal.

XM radio, heated seats, blue interior lighting, interior quality and space, power seat, tilt/telescopic wheel, sunroof, Shiftronic, gas mileage, styling, comfort, quiet cabin, adjustable headrests all around, good visibility, good illumination of the shoulder from headlights on country roads

Price with all options is thousands less than a comparable Honda, Toyota or Nissan with a better warranty and gas mileage. lots of room, huge trunk, nice ride.

USB thumbdrive adapter is fantastic. Great dashboard at night. Comfortable seats, excellent visibility. Nearly silent engine and tires. Very good mileage for 250 HP engine. Large enough to comfortably fit my family. Back seat is best in class. Huge trunk. Twin chrome tipped exhaust pipes.

Fuel economy

Nav, Leather seating, Bluetooth. Trunk is huge and 60/40 split seats allowing access from trunk is a great feature that you cannot find on Camry. Does have Port for Ipod and MP3. Have not used to date.

Leather seats, blue-illuminated instrument panel, MPG(About 28 Hwy - not 32 as advertised), roomy interior/trunk, stereo, smoothe big-car ride, and virtually maintenance-free.

XM radio, large trunk, leather/cloth seats, exterior styling

Interior Design, comfortable seats, peppy 4 cyl. engine, classy exterior design. 

XM and MP3, dash is great and big and comfy inside w/nice size trunk. Good speed for a 4 cylinder, very quiet.

Heated seats, dual climate control, great acceleration & braking, very quiet cabin, nice interior/exterior styling, convenient controls, XM radio, MP3-ready outlet, auto-dim rearview mirror with programmable garage door opener buttons, blue light instrumentation,large trunk, great safety, comfortable

Navigation, Mileage, Ride, Interior, Safety, Build quality, Fit and Finish, Never thought I would ever be seen even riding in a Hyundai. But we both love it.

XM radio is great! Like the seats on the SE (cloth & leather), lots of storage spots throughout interior (front & back) and great trunk space.

The usb input and XM radio is a nice feature. Having exterior heated mirrors would be nice in the winter, but never got to use them

Body style is perfect smooth, clean lines hope you guys keep this body style for a few years kudos!

XM radio, smooth shift and ride. Attractive package. Good gas mileage. Warranty and Price.

Horsepower, the V6 performs great, i like the seats and the XM radio is great. Love the looks. Handles curves nicely. Was shocked the first time I steeped on it, put me back in my seat.

Dual climate control, Auto headlamps, the gobs of power, the blue backlighting of dash at night

Like everything about it,seems like the car was well thought out.

Power when you need it (V6). Climate control ease of use. Build, fit and finish very good. Steering wheel controls. Big trunk space. Auto transmission in mountains is excellent - and fun!!! Mostly very quiet at lower speeds. Warranty.

Upgraded stereo on SE, USB jack, split leather cloth seats, quiet engine, smooth acceleration, looks of wheels and spoiler on SE vs Limited or GLS

The comfortable ride and the gas mileage.

The i-Pod connection is great and the sound system is high quality. 

The interior is nice. It has good space and good visibility. 

Interior design; quiet engine; smooth ride; very quiet cabin while driving; huge trunk space; safety features; reliability.

Body design and exterior and interior

Heater/air conditioner work well Radio works well

A V6 engine that is averaging 26 mpg in an even mix of hwy/city driving, an amazingly smooth highway ride (the miles melt away on the freeway), very quiet ride with hardly any wind/road noise, huge trunk, great sound system, very tight turning radius (great for U-turns), and classy looking exterior.

power seats, wide opening doors, nice sharp turning, quiet ride

Fuel economy has to be #1, quiet interior, XM Radio, USB port for MP3s, super bright headlights put out more light than I've ever seen. Power seat.

I'm hooked on XM radio with the long drives. I agree with others that the dash looks cool at night. Nice size truck capacity. The Cocoa Metallic is a great color. I find myself trying to get better gas mileage by monitoring the dashboard MPG calculator.

Ride, safety, all power, projected reliability.

Great gas mileage for the performance.

Infinity stereo/XM V6 self dimming rearview mirror

Very nice styling. Great gas mileage. Quiet and smooth ride. Nice interior. Large trunk.

xm radio and the quality of the radio as well. Also I like the way the interior lights look too at night time.

Decent power and smooth ride. XM radio is great. Controls of very good quality and easy to use for the most part.

HIGH END EVERYTHING!!! I will never settle for less again, no matter how much hoopla...because quality and pleasant surroundings is everything! never settle for less. A true bang for the buck will include everything.

Audio System, Wooden finish on dashboard, Moonroof, trunk space

None

Size, Gas mileage, Interior Appointments

XM radio,spacious,comfortable interior,warranty,smooth ride

xm radio, auto air, and comfort.

USB Port, large storage area under stereo that holds CD cases, dark colored floor carpeting, dashboard light coloring, comfortable seats, TPMS, safety features standard, mileage,

29+mpg @80mph with the A/C on!Std traction/stability control.Great stereo W/iPod connectivity.Serene, quiet ride. Beautiful interior that makes me smile every time I start up the car...

Price vs quality and comfort, Gas millage, Driving experience is Great 

Trip computer, XM radio, navigation system, safety equipment, the fact that the car is classified as a large car but still gets great mileage, shiftronic autostick (fun!),the amount of equipment/features included as standard equipment, leather interior. It's a great value, period.

Love the interior styling, Ipod/USB port, and the smooth quiet ride.

Love the stereo! The auto A/C works great and the dual zone a/c is a great feature. The interior is stylish and trim is nicely done. I love the front end. The 4 cyl engine provides me with enough power(I drive the speed limit). The warranty was a big selling point over the other cars I considered.



I would have to say I don't really have a favorite feature I like them all. I think they thought about everything.

Dual climate control, TPMS, useful trip computer, comfortable leather seats, USB/IPod connections, steering wheel controls for cruise and sound, electronic stability control and traction control, well thought out design of all features, etc.

Gas mileage has been relatively good, 23 to 34 on the highway, only 22 in town. So far it runs smoothly and acceleration is adequate.

Smart design looks great and traction control handles all road conditions superbly with excellent fuel economy. 

Really like the interior design, the gray leather and silver exterior. Very quiet on the highways. MPG run around 27-29 using my own calculator. XM radio is superb. A nice car except see above and what follows. 

v6 power and smoothness, shifttronic transmission, mileage, and warranty. Do yourself justice just go and give this style Sonata a look before making a final decision, you may be surprised!!

ECM, voice operated XM radio and GPS, Bluetooth, gear shift system.

Large trunk, good mileage, XM Radio. Controls well laid out and well lit. Dual compartment center console is nice and extra power port at USB/AUX input is nice. Kids like the folding center console in back seat. Factory bluetooth is very convenient. Slate blue color shifts in different lighting

USB outlet, XM radio, ingenious automatic transmission, price, warranty.

Interior and Exterior design is great!

Roominess. Smooth and quiet cruising. Fuel economy. Clear coat. Select shift feature on automatic. And after 20000 miles not one problem!

the spacious cab 

Comfort, quietness, mpg.

I like the sunroof. Nothing special about it, but I like it.

Automatic 5-speed that can be used like a stick shift, auto up AND down driver's window, great fuel economy, and last but not least...10 year warranty!

XM radio, USB port, large trunk and back seat.

Everything

XM radio, iPod/MP3 player connectors, USB connector, smooth quiet ride, good mileage, uses regular fuel, quiet engine, comfortable seats, excellent warranty, steering wheel controlled radio, styling, included safety features.

XM radio

Gas mileage, Good pickup for a 4- cylinder engine. Nice interior layout. Nice sound system

Interior-navigational system with voice recognition- infinity sound system



Smooth ride and handling. Nice sound system and great looking interior that is easy on the eyes and figuring out the dashboard controls. 

Liked the layout of the dash .. You actually see the clock, all the time, instead of looking through a steering wheel. The steering wheel controls are good also, after getting used to them. The 5-speed tranny is great to hold your speed when you throw it to the right & shift it. I like the control.

Great ride and fantastic acceleration. Love the dual exhaust and whole backend.

Quiet ride, passenger room, NAV system, smooth suspension feel, V6 power.

Interior design

The powerful 4 cyl. The roominess, the quality is top notch. It rivals that of cars costing twice as much.

XM Radio, blue dash lights, ride and comfort.

Voice recognition Navi system with stereo and IPod integration (need the $30 Hyundai cable) is excellent. The trip computer, especially the mpg display really helps you focus on gas mileage. The auto dimming mirror with built in homelink is great and doesn't move when buttons are pressed.

Sound system with XM radio is fabulous. I don't know how they do it but it sounds better than my G35 with a BOSE 220 watt. Very nice dash layout. Spacious interior and trunk. Good AC. Hoping mileage is as advertised. Oh, and did I mention the price? I paid $16,650 delivered. Take that Toyota.

mileage,comfort and int.good looks and layout. Overall one happy camper!!

Color (Gray), XM Radio, decent pep for a 4 cylinder, great gas mileage.

XM, Navigation, Seats, Performance

The redesigned interior, the radio, the fuel economy and the aloy wheels and performance tires on the SE.

power drivers bucket seat with lumbar support, interior design and roominess, usb connection

Generally like everything about the car especially the large trunk.



Love the interior, the blue backlighting is a very nice touch. This is a large sedan that fits 5 very well, and gets great gas mileage!!

Interior is phenomenal, huge trunk, moonroof, XM radio, USB ports, steering wheel audio/cruise controls, instrument panel is very simple with great looks, styling of front grille and headlights, woodgrain accents, premium cloth and VERY comfortable, tons of room even though I'm a big guy at 6'3". 

smooth v6

Stereo is great and seats are comfortable. As I get more time behind the wheel I'll write more. 

Voice activation. Navigation/stereo great!

All the standard equipment.

quiet engine, spunky response, cool lighting on dash at night. Could use a tad better radio and sound system.

What's not to love?

Comfort, dashboard controls, colors, handling - a little 'looser' than the Taurus but I got used to it quickly, power of the v6, telescoping wheel, steering wheel controls for the radio, roomy back seat and lots of headroom in front, all the storage nooks and crannies in front.

- great price - solid build quality - VDC, ABS, 6 airbags standard

Interior display, excellent gas mileage, spacious interior and trunk. Peppy and a joy to drive

Love the quiet ride, smooth ride with decent suspension, mileage is great (over 32 highway, added sun roof is nice, XM radio a big plus, dash design is great, car interior is roomy and you have good visibility when driving

Just learning the onboard Nav system but it seems very accurate. Like the shifter. Like the dual air controls. Like the alloy wheels. Like the on board garage door openers. Like the lumbar seat. Like the sound of the XM system. There's nothing I don't like about this car.

exterior side panel accents, XM radio, Navigation

Cd player, Usb hook-up, and built in XM- -3 in one--so many choices--nice interior design, love my Ebony Black exterior, smooth, quiet ride.

vehicle value for the cost is great..

Exterior styling, fuel economy, cabin size, warranty. Knowing you own a 2009 model costing less than competitors 08 offerings.

Love the color. A/C works well. 

Best in class interior. Exterior is really growing on me. Infinity stereo is a blast. V6 power. Smooth, luxurious ride. Interior space and huge trunk room. Ipod integration. XM radio. Comfortable seats, soft steering wheel. Features like dual zone climate control, heated seats, moon roof, etc. Price

Audio system, homelink and voice command

Exterior lines and new grill Interior Dash and console upgrades Back seat ride 

The gas mileage of 32.5 on the road with the cruise control set at 55 MPH and the satellite radio. The pick up go this little car has is unbelievable.

The color, Infinity system, dual climate control, safety features, TOO MANY TO LIST!

Interiors are cool. Excellent audio interfaces - it has a USB port which can play songs from a simple flash drive! no need of an ipod etc. no need to worry if it your mp3 player has charge or not! The drive is quite comfortable, very less cabin noise. Excellent value for money, good warranty.

Dual climate control system. 8 way power driver seat, and stability control.

Everything from bow to stern!

Lots of room! Very quiet ride. I have to be very careful because I'm used to smaller cars, and I feel like I'm driving so slow. The Shiftronic transmission, even though I've hardly used it. Plenty of power for a 4 cylinder. The aux. input for my MP3 player or laptop. Huge trunk.

 XM radio. Beautiful interior. 35 MPG. Real quiet ride. Blue dash lighting.

The ride and seating comfort and room is incredible!

Everything inside and outside. This four cylinders thinks it?s a six. 

Where do I start??? Just about everything.

5 Speed Auto w/ Shiftronic 168hp PZEV Engine Steering Wheel Audio with Controls in Logical Places(I drove a rented 2008 Cobalt Sport and the audio controls were stupidly placed...mute was accidentally hit like 10 times) USB Audio! International Language Friendly CD/Mp3 Head Unit

Interior, Stereo, Dual Climate Control, Performance, Dual Exhaust, Warranty - we already had to use roadside assistance for a lock out.

Supple leather seats and shiftronic transmission.

Audio controls on the wheel. Ipod and extra audio jack. Smooth ride and comfortable seats. 

Heated leather seats,Infinity sound system, ipod/mp3 connection, etc. Too many to even list on here!

Auto open/close moonroof, auto on/off headlights, incredible Infinity sound system with MP3 and AUX port, 2 stage heated seats & mirrors, stability & traction control, auto dimming rear view mirror, enormous trunk, tight turning radius, lots of head & legroom space for front & rear seat passengers.

Gas mileage.

Dual zone AC, trip computer, 6-CD, XM, 7-speaker (with subwoofer) sound system, power heated leather seats, alloy wheels, moon roof, electro- chromic rearview mirror, home-link remote controls, electronic compass, etc. If the navigation system was available when I got my car, I would have that too.





Interior, xm radio, good power out of four cylinder, nice wide seats and adequate interior, smooth ride

PHENOMENAL value for the money!!! Exterior profile sometimes mistaken for a BMW. V-6 peppy but reasonably frugal on highway Shiftronic paddle fun to use Auto-off headlights Headrest adjusts front to back and shoulder harness attachment adjusts vertically Good build quality-- no defects on my car

Hyundai has finally upgraded the dash board to a modern foreign car look with high-quality materials and well-though out ergonomics. The dash lighting is a spaceship blue which looks very cool. Stereo is simply awesome! Stereo comes complete with XM satellite radio, MP3/USB input, 6 disc changer.

Pearl White paint, increased power over 2008, new fluid styling, none on the road.

Great performance & mileage. Upscale interior. Sound system! Heated leather seats. Roomy interior and trunk. Lots of features that competitors charge extra for. Reliability. Good looks. Nice ride. Standard auto-dimming rear view mirror W/compass & Homelink.

Quiet ride and mechanicals. Comfortable seating. Huge trunk. Awesome stock Infinity sound system.



5 Speed auto, excellent radio/speakers and sun roof which I didn't want but it's automatic on the Limited, glad it is.

The XM radio...the driver's seat that I can raise (I'm short) and the overall comfort. 

roomy, xm radio, console bright and easy, bright headlights, blue tooth

Despite the shortcomings, this is still a great deal. Happy with the interior design, sound system with many inputs, auto lights and climate control. Adequate power and smooth highway ride. This car is several inches shorter than Japanese competitors and easy to park. Good AC and heating.

Dual zone climate control, large trunk, leather, heated seats, iPod hookup, XM radio, auto dimming mirror, garage door opener, trip computer, steering wheel controls, dash storage, moonroof, infinity stereo. I like the exterior styling and the chrome is well placed and not over done. Classic looks

this may seem odd, but i love the fact that the engine has a timing chain, not a timing belt. replacing that belt on my old honda was a $500 job every 90K miles.

USB/iphone socket, XM Radio, Auto transmission that allows pseudo manual shifting, a feature available only on expensive german cars.

Ride Quality ,Interior design and dash layout have a classy feel. 

XM, Timing chain (no belt), Warranty, Michelin tires, Quiet, Comfortable seats, big back seat and large trunk, good styling.

fuel economy,best value available, low dash,easy to use controls. seating for large people.alot of trunk space. newly designed interior. 



Built in XM radio and leather seats

Sonata Limited offers most features for $. Very dependable. Best warrantee. Smooth engine and tranny. Shiftronic. Highway ride & mileage. Elegant interior. Controls. Comfy leather seats. Nice paint job. Clear audio marred by occasional bass boom & rattle (bass is set -3db).

Homelink easy to program for garage door opener and security system. Infinity stereo with XM has terrific sound. Love the iPod connection. Blue electronic lighting is great for night driving. Anxious to see how heated seats and mirrors function in winter. So many great features. My wife loves it.

Style, Looks, Value Price

Interior is nicely appointed and overall visibility very good...The Altima I test drove had a rear window configuration that looks like a peephole....

Moon roof, pearl white finish, improved interior, canister style oil filter, my 07 V-6 had a european style filter. All the standard equipment on the limited. 

The basic sound system with XM radio is all I need as a road warrior. Upholstery comfort, gas mileage, large interior and trunk, warranty and price, price, price. I find it quite astounding that Hyundai, now makes a car whose driving experience can be compared favorably with any of the others.

Great get up and go. Handles well while absorbing bumps and highway imperfections. Roomy interior is a plus. Quite a smooth ride. 

USB input for stereo - 16gb thumb drive works great, many hundreds of hrs of music. Voice commands for nav and stereo very cool.

Many people liking the sage green color.

one the nicest interiors i have seen for a midsize sedan, 

Ride quality, powerful 360 watts Infinity stereo, interiors, roominess,and best of all, I can have all my music(over 5,000 songs) in a single USB flash drive and play it and manage it with the stereo.Gas mileage

Comfortable ride due to comfortable seats and the smoothness of the ride itself.

v6 power combined with awesome fuel economy

Engine, exterior design, interior design (simple and relaxing), size (this is a big sedan!).

Mileage. I bought this when gas was over $4 and was about to buy a Honda Civic natural gas powered vehicle for about 3K more. If the Phill device didn't cost 12K (refueling device connected at home) I would have bought the Civic. 

Interior, V6 engine, sport (semi sport) suspension, always drive in semi-auto tranny mode. 



5 speed auto trans and USB port



Interior is exceptionally well done.

Great Engine, Terrific Look.

Style and comfort

XM radio, SE ride (firmer and more stable) than the 2008 XLS, comfortable, quality interior, price (with rebate), quiet ride, trunk space

Automatic that also has a manual type shifter.Interior quality and warranty are outstanding! Great gas mileage. This is truly a great car for the money (just get the automatic!).



There are so many. I love the style of the trunk which offers an unobstructed opening, no intrusions front hinges. Quality which is noted everywhere in the vehicle, leather steering wheel, great dash, storage features ride, gas economy....it goes on and on! Heat 

The mileage obtainable on a tank of gas! Second, would be the ride quality very good.

Controls on steering wheel; arrangement of dials on dash; A/C very good; visibility more than satisfactory when in traffic

Gray-Blue color

Interior design, I wish the exterior didn't look so much like the previous years' models. Cocoa Metallic is a beautiful metallic brown, Infinity sound system is top notch. I get great mileage on the highway. I like how my warranty will last longer than the car payments.

Comfort. Price, no prem. fuel, only trip to dealership was to purchase another Hyundai product. 

the little shark like fin it has in the rear makes it look like a bm lol, free Xm dor 3 months

Shiftronic transmission, xm radio, handling, comfortable seats, power, trunk space and interior design. 

Blue tooth

Interiors, luxury factor

Navigation system, blue LED dashboard lighting, roomy cabin interior and trunk, sound system, sound system

Exterior styling. Looks much more expensive.

Love the garage door opener on the mirror, duel climate control and the quietness. Great gas mileage.

All the many power features, XM satellite. 

Horsepower, this car can move very quickly. The Trunk is also very large and can hold a large amount of luggage. The warranty is also outstanding, 10 years, unlimited miles on the powertrain. The Best warranty out there!

PRICE...... I like exterior and interior design. Trunk is bigger than Accord's and Camry's. Mileage is great so far, around 29 mpg. XM radio, USB and iPOD interface.

soft, supple ride, sunroof, excellent Infinity sound system.

For a stock 80 watt stereo this thing rocks especially with XM/USB features and crisp clear sound. Also I really like the 249 HP engine with shiftronic tranny for fun driving. Finally I'd say the large storage spaces throughout including the huge trunk.

I like the Ipod hook-up and the USB input. The paint job is classy and is very eye catching. The interior is well done and looks great. I've had numerous compliments on the color I chose, Blue flake. The seats are comfortable.

Everything about the interior. It's very tight; very quiet; very nice looking, very roomy and very practical. It handles like a small car yet gives you the room of a larger sedan.

Interior.... the whole interior is great. I challenge anyone to find a car in this price range that has an interior that can compete with the 2009 Sonata. Everything is laid out beautifully, chrome in all the right place. The dash looks even better at night, a very pleasing display

XM satellite radio. The many [affordable] convenience features. They told me the BlueTooth is invaluable, but I dont know how to use it yet.

the cluster looks very nice. good audio system. suspension is very comfortable. turning is very predictable.

aux and usb port, sun roof and color

XM, USB, headlamps. 

I drive cars for a large dealership network so get to experience a great number of other makes. My Hyundai, all things considered, is the best value in my opinion. I truly enjoy driving this car both in town or on road trips. I have gotten close to 35mpg on highway! Car is comfortable and powerful.

Interior design and quality. Audio system. The USB port is a great feature. A $12 ram drive can hold hours of music and with little risk of theft and is easily accessible with the radio controls. Interior space.

Aggressive looking front end, stylish body, interior space, trunk space, instrument panel styling, gas mileage, comfortable seating, PRICE!!! 

Smooth, quiet, comfortable, decent options, nice looks (inside and out) keyless entry, ipod and USB cable connection in the center storage, blue and hyper white back lights, soft clutch (about 5-10 lbs when you push), responsive steering (this is not a Porsche), shark fin antenna 

bi-level heated seats, XM, interior space and feel. 

