The trunk. That just shows you how little there is about this car to praise.

AWD, nice interior layout, comfortable seats, cargo capacity (can fit 3 sets of clubs in the hatch), keyless entry, minor maintenance points (oil filler, dipstick, transmission stick), storage space and cubbies, and for a 2.5L flat- four, decent fuel mileage.

AWD, handling, fun to drive, comfortable, 5spd, mpg gauge, aux input in radio 

Handling, comfort, quiet ride. Heated seats, heated windshield, heated mirrors. Great headlights for night driving visibility. Winter driving still feels like its still summer, lol (this car goes great in snow). And the removable roof rack versatility is WONDERFUL. I've traveled with two kayaks on.

Performance. Only thing that's beat me at the light to next light is a 400HP BMW M3. No one else has come close. It's hard not to grin while driving it.

Very stable ride and responsive. Smooth manual transmission, great gas mileage for an AWD vehicle.

AWD, roomy interior (especially in the hatchback), nice torque, good dashboard layout, sound of the boxer engine

Acceleration of the Turbo Boxer engine.Excellent braking.Fantastic handling along with a comfortable ride. I'm 6'3" and the seats and leg room are great. Short throw shifter is a must. The sound of the cat back exhaust really hums. Reliability of the Subaru brand. My 08 Outback has never had a problem.

awd

Exterior style, performance, comfort. I am 6'4" and I've a lot of room. Hatch makes rear seat roomy. 

All wheel drive safety, road hugging ability, clean exterior lines, functional dash and interior.

Very comfortable seats, great dash design, perfect unique body styling. Love the sunroof and foglights on the Premium Edition. Leather steering wheel and shift knob are very upscale. Great alloys, too.

AWD, acceleration, SPT Exhaust Sound, sunroof, 17" wheels, hood scoop, seats.

Subaru symmetrical all-wheel drive system. Is a very efficient design; additionally it handled winter weather exceptionally well (even with Dunlop summer tires). 

Favorite feature is definitely the manual transmission. I couldn't imagine driving an automatic.

Suggested Improvements

The AWD is the main reason I bought this car. Subaru is well known for their AWD design. 

Turbo boxer engine, Symmetrical AWD, handle, quality, and performance.

Turbo, looks of exterior, appearance of the engine, SI-Drive, AWD, VDC, the horsepower, BBS rims, interior layout and quality, NAVI with lots of info on the vehicles status, many airbags, comfortable cabin, roomy and lots of storage, auto climate control, and 6 speed MT (feels solid).

Smooth handling and road feel. Overall fit and finish. Outback Sport options: wheels, seat warmers, sound system, steering wheel controls, etc. History of lasting a long time.

Speed, agility, hatch, room seats fold down flat. Lumpy exterior design, nice.

The fulltime AWD grips the pavement like claws without decreasing speed, the brakes work amazingly fast, the engine purrs at 70 mph (the fastest I've driven), the stereo is excellent, the backseat fits three large people, and the trunk pass-through works great for skis.

The fact that I wasn't nickled and dimed like Toyota and Honda does for basic features. 

quickness

Handling and quick response, the stereo is upgraded from previous years, and the seats are more comfortable.

MPG indicator, becomes addicting after a while. Ipod interface, AWD.

AWD, beautiful exterior styling esp. rear view, spacious interior, large trunk capacity, dual exhausts.

265 HP and all wheel drive.

TURBO!! AWD, Ride vs. handling, Great ergonomics

Plain looks do not demand attention from police. It looks 'cute' to the ladies and only gets 'oh wow's from every single passenger. The short throw shifter makes driving much more pleasant. There is plenty of storage throughout the car. It's amazing and I now look forward to horrific weather.

Acceleration/cornering outstanding! The sound of the turbo winding up just soothes my soul... Though the car is a performance beast, it is sedate enough in the "I" mode that my wife is comfortable driving the car around. Seats are very comfortable for a tall (6-1)driver. Get lots of compliments...

Car locator, navigation/ GPS, over performance and power, AWD, general design, BBS rims, lots of storage space/cargo room, airbags, lights, the whole car!

Heating feature for wiper blades, AWD, alloy wheels, tire pressure monitoring light, fuel usage monitor, heated seats.

The power and all wheel drive. Spt exhaust.

AWD safety for rain/snow/mountains, solid body structure, high safety ratings, great CR reliability, grippy handling, more than adequate power/torque from 2.5i engine, simple clean design inside and outside, standard features list, great value overall

iPod interface, handling, price (got a good deal), blue color, AWD, cargo tray in front, nice headrests, all weather floor mats

Quick, quick, quick! The wheels and interior (red stitching and gauges).

Fun to drive, gas mileage, deicer for windshield wipers, bang for the buck

Two trip odometers. All the thoughtful standard features on this trim (tonneau cover, rear rubber mat). Excellent build quality. Red dash lights. Grippy AWD that never lets go: I always feel in control of the vehicle. 

AWD

For sure the power. VDC gives even more traction in snow. Interior is very comfortable, and for prior subie owners very familiar. Did I mention power. Very good mpg even with a heavy foot. Its nice not to have to downshift on the freeway to pass someone, power is instant even in 5th at low RPM.

Symmetrical AWD which gives amazing handling for both sport and bad weather, ride quality, sleek exterior, comfort, mini-blue light to light up the mini-tray below the stereo at night (without being so bright that it's distracting), mileage. 

Performance from the engine. auto temp is a very nice to have. Especially when you're lazy. Haha. The whole car is perfect.

AWD, stability and traction control

POWER! Cabin is nice. AWD. Brakes are very good. Smooth gear shifts. Price. Got mine for invoice. Looks. Interior. 

performance: VDC+AWD, raised susp., comfort: adj. driver seat (up/dwn), seat warmer, cup holders, easy to maintain seat fabric. cargo tray, aux jack.

The symmetrical AWD is out of this world. The car is extremely responsive, and safe. I love the average miles per gallon gauge that is based on your tripometer. Great gas mileage, comfortable and well appointed interior. 

Seat warmers. Hatch + luggage rack = 44+ cubic" cargo. AWD + VDC + lowered, flat boxer = sticks to the road and hugs the corners. Styling int & ext. Higher suspension + 17" alloy = more cross terrain capability.

SPT, Catback exhaust... delicious sound, short shifter, light years improvement over the '08, great power and torque, good handling in the twisties in spite of soft and compliant ride.

Power, AWD, color (Blue Mica), MP3 capability on the head unit (probably not a big thing these days but it's new to me), um... 0 - 60 in 4.7 seconds

AWD, exterior and interior styling, cargo capacity, smoothness of the ride, and the 5-speed. Reliability is also great. The engine is strong and the car is well built.

265 hp... super fast performance front, side and rear spoilers, hood scoop that is classy and not loud, performance tuned, quality wheels, amazing mag design and gun metal color, decent outside body, looks, wrx seats, good price sport tuned suspension

Symmetrical AWD, hatchback utility, ride quality, comfort, speed, looks. 

Handling, horsepower, and interior comfort. The car handles amazingly well, and still rides very smooth on the interstate.

Practicality w/ small size, great handling, heated seats, interior styling, turning radius, radio when playing MP3s, seats five in relative comfort.

Heated cloth seats with the premium package! The turbo with 265 HP! AWD! Hatchback utility! 

Driver visibility, seat comfort, accessibility/placement of controls. The storage area below the AC/heat controls is wonderfully lit with a soft blue light so you can see what is there at night, yet not too bright to distract you. The hood and trunk have lifting cylinders (no need to pull/prop up).

Big brembo brakes, engine of the year award, BBS rims, nice seats, the 6 speed gear box and tranny, the looks, the ride, spark silver, the power, the interior especially at night, cold ac, the quad exhaust, the solid feel as you drive. This car is stealth big time! This car looks in person, sexy

