OEM navigation from Motevo Mobile 



Gas mileage is wonderful. Parking is a snap.

The instrument panel "cyclops" central location is an excellent idea. I no longer have to look over or through the steering wheel to see the speedometer. There are 3 large compartments that open up on the dashboard. One is right in front of the steering wheel and other two on the right side of dash.

Air conditioning. 

Gas mileage is wonderful. Not 50mpg, but, 40 for a third of the price. Really enjoy the ease of driving around town.

Copious storage compartments. Reclining rear seats. Standard ABS and side curtain airbags.



Can we say awesome mpg's? This is a no-brainer people. If you want to spend an extra 10 to 15 grand on a hybrid, that's your choice. Six airbags and abs brakes come standard.

Gas mileage. Quiet ride for car class compared to 2006 Civic (I also own that car).

Fuel economy, reliable as the sun and moon, ultra-compact dimensions make it a joy to maneuver and park in the city.

Love the center gauges. Manual is the way to go! I also love the cup holders on the side dash, very handy! It is not a race car, but does act like it and is fun to drive.

Great gas mileage and plenty of energy for a sub compact car. A real heard turner car with more interior room than you think! Center dash instrumentation instead of right in your face. This car just gives you confidence that you can drive 420 on one tank of fuel! That is most important!! 

42.2 mpg over 5,015 miles, 38 Degree AC temp at the air outlet when outside air is 107 degrees, 186 degree heat temp at the air outlet when outside is 45 degrees, The instrument panel in the center of the dashboard is where the panel should have been right from the beginning for all autos

Cup holders conveniently placed.

Middle speedometer. Cup holders, mpg, comfort of seats.

Gas mileage.

Gas mileage, surprisingly roomy, lots of storage spots, not expensive, Toyota quality.

The location of the instrument cluster in the center of the dash, it's where the instruments should have ALWAYS been located. Really tight turning radius, the 40 degree a/c output on a 107 degree day. The 182 degree heat on a 45 degree day. The electric steering.

Gasoline economy,interior room, and styling.

Gas mileage and fun to drive.

Easy and fun to drive. Smooth transmission, How the back seats fold down flat - can be reached from the trunk area. Gas mileage!! Body style.

Standard ABS & airbags. Gas mileage second to none.

Back seat leg room. 

His and hers glove box, so my daughter has her own little storage space. Auto trans is flawless and smart.

mpg, auxiliary jack, price, outside look, the sliding and tilting 60/40 back seat in the power package

33-40+ miles per gallon, inexpensive insurance, good frontal and side crash results (Insurance Institute), GREAT performance!!

Plenty of interior room up front, 3 glove boxes up front! If you can't find any space to hold small things, you need to get a car with a large trunk Ferocious gas mileage. Quality Build Comfortable up front Decent acceleration and braking.

The audio system, tint, safety, gas mileage, and the exterior and interior design.

seating position, safety features of a premium car at econobox price, AUX input, exterior and interior styling, optitron gauges



All the glove departments and cubby holes are great! The cup and bottle holders are really cool too. I love showing off the crazy storage places around my car. I also love how the car looks. It's just fun and seems different than other hatchbacks. 

Gas mileage and no headaches with the car breaking down.

Over-all looks. 32 plus miles per gallon!! Peppy engine for a small car. Quiet ride on reasonable road surfaces Nice Stereo quality Turns on a dime. Toyota Quality.

plenty of head room, handles well

Numerous cup holders and storage compartments, great MPG, not expensive to buy new, solid feel, roomy for a small car, Toyota's reputation for reliability and holding resale value.

Everything.

I really like the speedometer in the center, as well as all the cubbies cupholders, and glove boxes. Love the fact that it has a mp3 hookup STANDARD! :)

Cupholders, sliding rear seat, storage, pep, low cost

Great on gas

Brakes are nice, optional TRD suspension parts are fantastic. Acceleration with the 5 speed manual is surprisingly brisk. The little car will pull past 110 MPH without much effort. I love all of the interior storage spaces.

Everything

Styling, high MPG and build quality.

Simple design, manual transmission, great fuel economy, versatility.

Gas mileage, reliability, performance, lots of storage/trunk space, fold flat seats

Gas economy, cargo space with the rear seats down, more leg room in the back than almost any VW.

Unique, clean interior with lots of storage compartments, I like the gauge location and love the driver's side glove box, ABS and 6 air bags now standard on 2009 models

Turning. It is so small it can turn around in very tight spaces. Large cabin for such a small car.

the CD that plays MP3 and WMA standard. The 60/40 split fold down rear seats.

Handling, big inside, performance, and style. Mine is black in and out. I love the tight feel it has peppy little engine for a 1.5 4 banger. In all a hearty 2 thumbs up Toyota you made a believer out of a guy who only drove American!

The car's driver seat can be set to a perfect position of comfort even with someone of my height of 6 foot 3 inches. Gas millage is excellent. A lot a trunk and interior room. Nice style with the S model.

Well designed interior. Very spacious and ergonomic. Love the exterior design as well!

Gas mileage. Reliability (so far). Look of the vehicle. Simple maintenance. Surprisingly roomy for a small car. Heating and A/C work great. MP3 jack. Daytime running lights. Power package is a must (spend the extra cash for it, you'll thank yourself later).

Size and mpg. I really like the body style too. 

styling, economy, vision out of windows

The storage, the size. Everything about it is awesome, it runs so cute.

Size - I like small cars. Pick up - for a small car, it accels well

The cool storage compartments. In one above the steering wheel I keep quick handy items like my cell phone, sunglasses, iPod. It's great. The center console looks cool. It streams down like a waterfall. It catches a lot of attention. And of course the gas mileage. It does great on freeway.

I always spilled pop on the cup holders in the center. Now they open and close and are hidden when not it use at the top dash area. I like that feature. Easier to clean. Good looks. Compact size maneuvers into parking spaces easily.

the value

