Road Handling, steering, interior design, body styling, HK stereo system and limited edition accessories.

Interior is gorgeous, mine is ivory (dangerous for stains) but contrasts with black carpet and metallic trim. Handling is superior.

Love the moon roof. Stereo sounds great...especially with the windows open. Sporty styling yet I can still haul 5 people when needed. Handles great. Love the fold down seats for extra hauling. We use ski pass to haul our fishing poles. 

I love the whole package, but I find myself obsessing on the trip computer. 

HK audio and really just about everything...I definitely would recommend a Subaru.

I really like 99% of it!

Trunk space is great, automatic doors and trunk useful, parking very easy, standard am/fm/cd very good.

Mileage - I've been getting about 23 city and 31 highway. Looks- sleek and timeless looks that won't get old anytime soon (I think it looks better than the 2010 model)! Interior instrument panel, gauges, and seat comfort - I'm a sucker for cool-looking red and blue lighting scheme. The stereo ROCKS!

Smooth ride and shifting, plenty of power for this size car, well laid out instrument panel, comfortable seats, nice sound system, and really good gas mileage for an AWD vehicle. I like the front end and wheel styling as it gives a sporty appearance. The variable power steering is also great.

Nav system works well. Harman Kardon stereo sounds great (but read below). Electroluminescent gauges are easy to read. I love the exterior color (diamond gray metallic) and the 18" rims, and of course the AWD. Seat leather is high-end. SI Drive is fun. I have gotten so many compliments on the car!

AWD, stereo, autoclimate control, sunroof, sport-shift transmission, stereo and cruise control on steering wheel, has a sporty look with dual exhaust, wheels, spoiler. Fold down rear seats.

Styling, safety.

Interior is stylish and cool. Even the plastic feels and looks high class. Exterior is timeless and simple. My silver car with moonroof will turn heads.

The subtle but very stylish looks. Great stereo. Great handling in inclement weather.

The HK stereo is the best car stereo I've ever heard. Simple, elegant console layout that won't make you drive off the road trying to find a button. Comfy seats compared to my old Accord. Smooth handling & adequate power, I actually like the 4 speed AT. Very sharp exterior, & of course AWD.

SAFETY, AWD, HANDLING, STYLE, Harmon Kardon Sound,Reliability Ratings, Auto Dimming Home Link Mirror, Single Key/Keyfob.

Rugged feel combined with sharp handling. High quality construction. Attractive and driver-oriented interior. 

My favorite part - the handling. It's better than my Jetta and I don't have to put 19" tires on my car anymore!! I love it. Also - I'm like a lot of other folks ~ I get 34 mpg on the highway - which is mostly where I do my driving. Amazing.



Sound System is Perfectly adjusted, Seats, Quick (Take out G35's and 350z no problem), humble looks, hood scoop, suspension, handling, boxer engine, safety, turbo,, solid car... one word AWESOME...

The sporty drive is GREAT!! The HK stereo is awesome for a factory option, the sun roof is great and the handling is excellent. Monarch Pass, Kenosha Pas, Vail Pass, anytime of year, no problem. Where most others in its class can't, this one does.

The Harman Kardon stereo was a very nice touch. It sounds magnificent! The handling is nice and tight. Clean and logical cockpit layout. You don't see a ton of them on the road; which makes it a little unique.

Design, interior, HK stereo, AWD 

The interior trim is very nice. The AWD, traction control, and body style are great.

Ruby Red color, leather, sunroof, Harm- Kardon Stereo, AWD, sport-shift xmission, good looking sedan, reliability.

AWD, excellent gas mileage for a midsize AWD car, handling, clean aerodynamic exterior design , logical and well appointed interior, good stereo, PZEV. Had to drive 200 miles at night in a severe snowstorm. It was faster and handled with more confidence than almost any truck and SUV on the road. 

Sporty and supportive seats; very ergonomic; all wheel drive; nice combination of ride vs handling; 



Turning radius/handling. Easy to park this car anywhere, and its a blast when going through corners AWD Harmon Kardon sound system. The generally well-planned layout and usefulness of various items that usually go unnoticed, like the tail light covers in the trunk.

The smooth ride makes driving this car so pleasant. The contemporary interior is nice too. And the body style is good looking as well. 

Remote start, Harmon Kardon speakers, AWD

I love the AWD, excellent handling in all weather conditions, powerful four cylinder, great ride( balance of sport and luxury) comfortable seats, sport shift automatic, the Harmon Kardon Audio system is great, impressive fuel economy especially when you drive the highway. Averaged 32 mpg for 50 miles

Harmon Kardon stereo is excellent, manual transmission allows best performance, very comfortable. Regular fuel.

Interior, comfortable seats, retractable cover on the cup holder in front, Harmon-Kardon stereo, moonroof, tight steering

Harmon Kardon stereo, sunroof (my head doesn't hit at 6'3"), looks, driving feel, seat comfort, controls.

Interior quality (with aftermarket leather) and ergonomics. XM and iPod jack, moonroof and upscale quality look of Quartz Silver paintwork. 

Gorgeous interior with great ergonomics and equipment. Ride and handling are first rate. Love the input jack which provides me with the pleasure of my iPod jazz collection.

Subaru's AWD.

AWD. Not just because it's AWD, but also how it works. It behaves closer to a RWD. It sends more torque to the rear wheel from what I've read, and it feels like it. The HK speakers sound good, and the cabin is quiet enough to enjoy music, even at highway speed. V6 engine is quiet enough. Valet key. 

Sound system rocks, plays mp3/wma discs and has audio jack for iPod. AWD. Great handling

I like the Yokohama performance all season radials. The Harmon/Kardon premium 6 disc mp3 player. The leather interior, and the look of the exterior. The sportshift is cool. I love the boxer engine and dual exhaust. Moonroof, dual climate control, huge glove box, heated ext mirrors and wipers.

AWD, nav, SI drive, Harmon Kardon audio system, 6 speed manual

Nice leather, nice stereo,high quality performance tires, moonroof and most of all the Subaru S-AWD feeling of surefooted control.

Automatic transmission with Sportshift (Tiptronic), Heated mirrors & front windshield, all wheel drive, beautiful instrument cluster & console configuration, alloy rims standard, dual zone climate control.

