Boise,CVT,looks

compact, but enough room inside

My favorite feature is the keyless remote. I love not having to look for keys. I also like the style of the car. It is good looking and fun.



The bluetooth is amazing. I love this feature. CVT 270 horsepower. Bose 6 cd changer. Climate control

Sunroof, Gas Mileage, Leather, Bose Stereo, Satallite Radio, Blue Tooth the way the car handles, The Intelli key, the Auto mirror and drivers information I just love the entire car.

Exterior design,convenience package,alloy wheels ,sunroof. Fun to drive.

intelligent Key is great. never use the keys! Interior is beautiful. Exterior beautiful. Drive is fun. Peppy ride most of the time. Love the dash and all the features. Love the Bose radio and compartments and push button start. the manual shifting option is good too. Adds to the experience.

Have come to appreciate the keyless ignition and the CVT. Tried using the alternate pseudo-manual transmission but it got me about 5 mpg less than CVT, which gives me about 30 mpg around town. Interior is simple, easy to understand and use. 



The amazing look of the car, the "Smart Key", push button engine start, handling, trunk space, my kids love the ride in the back seat, the exceptionally quiet ride, and the stereo system.

Bose Stereo, CVT transmission, large trunk. Fuel Economy.

Love the cornering -- "on rails" -- and the CVT that gives you power without sounding like a lawn mower. Seats are comfy and trip computer on the dash display alternating with temperature, mpg, etc is convenient. Home link / dimming mirror with compass is an essential tool you'll want and enjoy.

The styling, CVT, keyless entry and comfortable quality interior are what I love the most.

everything, power

Intelligent key. Ride comfort. MPG. Styling

CVT transmission, Bose stereo, leather seats, dual-zone air/heating

None

Good styling, decent handling. Would have been nice to put tinted windows and climate control.

CVT - awesome transmission period - smooth and powerful Engine - good mix of power and efficiency Body - sporty look with the spoiler GPS - does a good job overall but comes up with crazy routings sometimes Ride - smooth and quiet

Ride & styling! Electronic key. Sounds silly, but I think my rear spoiler sets the car apart...I like that I was able to get one. 

I love the Key Fob feature, you never need to take it out of your pocket to open doors, or start the motor. This car drives like a sports car. Tight on turns and it has plenty of get up and go. I also think the CVT transmission is smooth operating. You can't even feel it shifting through the gears. 

CVT was smooth, and I liked the simplicity of the interior compared to the flight control layout of the Accord Coupe. Push button start is a nice high end feature. The car accelerated rather quickly. Best fuel efficiency in its class, which is very important to me. I recommend this vehicle. 

6 spd and push button start

The intelligent key is the best feature! Its really nice if you have children and you can't really dig for your keys! As long as this key is in your pocket or your purse you can push the button on this door handle and it unlocks! No key needed! And there's also a button to start the car inside!

sunroof, body is stylish even though it is a 4 door. It is very powerful with the power right there. Great in VT winters!!!!

Gas mileage, excellent power of the 4-cyl. engine, styling

Sporty handling, very smooth CVT, powerful 270 HP V6 engine, quiet interior, stylish yet friendly interior design, simple, easy to use central column controls, premium Bose stereo, included Bluetooth connectivity, smart key system, auto headlights, trip computer, comfortable seats, rear vents

Push to start ignition. The way the key fob works. Fuel economy. Styling. Comfort. Value. 

Distinctive styling of the coupe, it looks very different than the sedan and there are far fewer of them on the road. Front seats are extremely comfortable and overall fit and finish is outstanding for a car in this price range. Plenty of room in the back seat for 3 kids.

Bose system is fierce, convenience package, climate control.

Comfort, Style, Fuel Economy and performance. Great Vehicle, handles very well, smooth CVT transmission. (you'll never feel the same riding in a regular transmission vehicle)

Interior design, ergonomical button layout.

Excellent gauge cluster, automatic headlights, light steering feel, quiet engine noise even at 70 to 75 mph.

The interior and exterior are beautiful. I look at those that bought entry-level BMW's for $35k and think this car is every bit as good, for $17k. Like the Aux input for the MP3 players. Good sounding audio system. CVT transmission is really fun to drive. Manual for fun, Auto for cruising. Buy.

Sporty looks, keyless entry/start, auto windows up, can play my IPOD through radio, the backseat also has armrest with cup holders, plenty of storage, front armrest slides forward to accommodate us short people who may have to have our seat up a bit! Love it all!

Sporty,smooth,economical ride,Bose,Bluetooth,ipod connection!

CVT Transmission, Comfortable Leather Seats, Sat Radio, Bluetooth, Smart Key, ipod adapter, cupholders

Interior design is tops for driver convenience. Appearance. Always a personal thing, but I think it is the best looking car on the road today.

Keyless entry, Moonroof, interior space, Trunk space, power seats, stereo,compartments. The ride, smooth yet sporty. Everything!

Really like the looks campared to other cars in its class. Smooth ride. Nice power

Smart-key, telescoping steering wheel, handling, and MPG 

Same as above... plus very comfortable ride, smooth shifting with CVT, extremely quiet interior even at highway speeds, keyless entry/start button, storage space/cubbies galore, and more.

Has to be the push button start & intelligent key system!

Great feel on the road, outstanding acceleration for a 4 cyl., good fuel economy and excellent build quality for the price.

Love the back end design, love the interior. Much sportier to drive than the Camry in my opinion, and it seems to be a nicer interior. CVT takes a little getting used to, but is ultimately smoother than a traditional transmission, especially when needing power at highway speed.

Gas mileage,Body style,Sound system, Roadhandling,comfort

Intelligent key/push button start is very convenient - the Vehicle Information Display - CVT transmission - sporty look.

The things I like are options that I have never had before, like the moonroof and power adjustable seat. 

Bluetooth, satellite radio, good gas mileage, dual temp controls, heated seats. Two power outlets, big glove box and trunk, plenty of beverage holders. 60/40 split folding seats. Comfortable leather seats.

3.5 power. Silky smooth tranny. Was skeptical of CVT, but test drive won me over. Love the gadgets I got for the price. Athletic handling on highway.

Steering is very smooth and crisp. Love the CVT transmission. Large back 60/40 split seat and trunk. Dimming rearview mirror. Bluetooth voice activation phone. Leather seats. Bose stereo rocks!

Design - I love the looks Seats - comfortable and very adjustable 

Smooth acceleration, highway passing ability, steering wheel controls, leather/power driver seat, appearance/color (white/tan), instrument cluster, hands free fob (push button start, door unlock), resposnive control and steering, SL package, tail lights, room, cup olders, storage.

CVT, style inside and outside, quite, roomy, well build and put together and don't let me forget the PUSH BOTTON i haven't took my keyes out of my pocket to open or start the car. and the list goes on and on...

The keyless push button start is pretty cool, but overall the stongest in class 175hp four cylinder is what set it apart from the others.

The powerful silky smooth 270hp V6 + 6 speed CVT automatic transmission.The car's awesome looks, smooth quiet ride,great handling and luxurious interior. And all of the really cool bells + whistles (features) this car has! Almost forgot to mention the largest glovebox I ever seen on a car. 

Exterior styling, engine responsiveness.

The V6 has excellent power and has a nice subdued growl that it makes when accelerating. The bluetooth hands- free works well. The Bose stereo upgrade is worth every penny! The xenon headlights really light up those dark country roads at night. I love the styling.

Everything

heated leather seats, keyless entry/push button start (so clutch!!), bose system, auto locks when it hits certain speed

keyless entry, CVT, Bose Stereo, heated seats

many features are included in the "basic" model

star/ stop button. 

push button start, cvt transmission, great sound, smart key, 

CVT, Intelli Key, ABS, disc brakes, interior space, trunk space, exterior design

CVT, push to start, keyless entry, auxiliary input.

Bluetooth, Bose stereo, heated leather seats, push button ignition, CVT transmission, gas mileage, styling.

CVT in manual mode is fun! Push button start. Dual exhaust on all models. Looks sharp. Pretty quick. Good MPG rating. Dash is well laid out. Good ride.

Styling, convenience package, sat radio and heated seats

CVT, gas mileage indicator, good acceleration.

I thought the push button start was just a nifty perk, but it has turned out to be something I really enjoy. The car has proven to be very comfortable on long drives, and I appreciate its handling. I love the exterior looks. CVT has been very cool. Back seat passengers have been happy.

Navigation with integrated Bluetooth and Bose stereo, push button start, rear spoiler, fog lights, one-touch sunroof, 20 gallon gas tank and strong fuel economy using regular gas

270hp V6, Bluetooth, CVT, Keyless entry/push start, heated seats, auto headlights.



CVT, MPG reading

Cloth seats, CVT, pick up and go!, steering.

Push button ignition. Heated seats. Bose stereo. Bluetooth connection. Intel key. CVT.

Push start ignition, aux input, good quality OEM stereo, intelligent keyfob, steering wheel controls, automatic on/off headlights

Gas mileage, navigation system with rear camera, 4 cylinder with some pep, overall looks with a sharp interior, oh and the keyless entry is awesome

The CVT is awesome, smart key, trip computer, interior controls.

CVT, push button start, Intel key, glove box, big trunk, center console, tail lights, smooth look, MPG, roomy cabin, smooth ride, sound system, safety features.

Interior and exterior styling, gas mileage, interior room.

The CVT is way cool

I got the base model 2.5 CVT, everything is great. Love the keyless entry and push button ignition.

