Great style, paint and body fits and performance is outstanding. Getting 25.8 mpg running around Phoenix and back and forth to dealer trying to get leak corrected

Gas Mileage, Handling, Launch Control with DSG, Paddle Shifters, Steering Wheel that you'd want to put under your pillow at night, Ease of use when commuting.

DSG transmission. Style and handling. 4 door access.

Handling, Performance, Exterior Styling, Interior layout.

The best thing about this car: It's a comfortable car for long trips, and a great car for the city, it's also a sports car when you want it to be, it's really pretty fast

VW build quality. Everything about my GTI feels solid. I love the response of the 2.0T, sharp handling of the drive train and excellent driver feedback. The car let?s you know exactly what it is doing without being harsh. My Mazda always felt unsure when pushed. Not in the GTI! Simply an amazing car

2.0T TSI engine, uber-cool plaid cloth upholstery, supportive & comfortable seats, refinement

Fit and finsh, leather, turbo, 6 manual.

6 speed, interlagos, turbo, good sound system, the 2 door can seat four comfortably. 

Engine, transmission, suspension are first rate.

Steering wheel w/ volume controls, standard heated plaid seats w/ lumbar support, fancy pedals including fancy dead pedal, 6 speed manual gearbox, horseshoe wheels, ESP, free maintenance for first 36000 miles. Love that VW still sells a hot hatch in the states unlike Ford and Honda. It's best anyway

Shifter on the steering wheel, fast engaging turbo, and great looks.

-6 speed manual -18" 'Shredder' rims as I've gotten to call them -Heated seats -Feels like a cockpit when you sit in driver's seat -Momo-esque steering wheel -bi-Xenon headlights -Sunroof -Heated mirrors (yes they work) -5 years/90,000 mile warranty for an additional $8 a month

DSG, engine, fuel economy, build quality.

Turbo, DSG sat radio.

DSG, 207lb ft. from 1850-5000rpm, SAT radio, High Safety Rating, Xenon Headlights, and TURBO - WHOOOOOSH!!

automatic climate control, iPod AUX port

Power SUNROOF, 18" alloy wheels with all season tire, Sat radio

Turbo, overall design and looks. nice interior details, feels very comfortable. Great gas mileage.

