power window,door lock,keyless entry,GPS,tilt,cruise,daytime running lites,cd player,fantastic radio,rear wiper,will almost turn around in its tracks! good mpg n town, quiet-no road noise-feels same at 70mph as at 35 mph.no problms so far!!! car does NOT hydroplane in water, very stable in crosswind

Of course the iAWD...the hatch and the roofrails

power windows STANDARD, airbags, navigation, style, rims

gas mileage and look of car.

Mentioned the long list in my review =)

Strong engine, fun to drive, reasonable space, appropriately priced, nice warranty.

Nothing.

3 Mode AWD, heated seats, fog lights, navigation, AWD, skid plates on front and rear, cross bars, ski rack, also the AWD if I didn't mention it. Didn't think the keyless entry and start was a big deal...but we use it way more than we thought. I haven't used the key yet.

none: I retract all positive statements made about this car.

AWD 2-wheel drive or lock all four wheels. It drives and looks great.

SUV-like features. Excellent fuel mileage when properly compared with other crossovers. Great handling. Excellent for parking. Quite comfortable.

AWD; the price point of the car for the number options available; the warranty; heated seats and mirrors

Navi and All wheel Drive 

Body trim package and alloy wheels

Love the audio controls on the steering wheel! (I am spoiled now and don't like my husbands car). Built in GPS and mileage meter is also nice. All- wheel drive/ front-wheel drive switch is also great.

The seats, the Garmin, the interior design, and exterior design. AWD for this price is unbeatable. She looks agressive with the 17" tires and low slumping front. The space in the rear is great for camping gear. Very satisfied with this crossover.

Comfortable seats, great driving experience, love the free Garmin that comes with it with one year free MSN. You can find cheap gas, find movie schedules, get news and weather and traffic. This Garmin even has a built in mp3 player that stores your songs like an ipod and plays back thru speakers

