Extremely smooth quiet ride. Like the clean sleek center console. All the controls are very well placed and ergonomic. For the price you get a lot of car and even the basic XL model has plenty of features. I also like the sliding center arm rest. Makes for very comfortable driving. Lots of storage.

Whistles and bells are great. 

Quietness, fuel efficiency, smooth ride, dependability. 

Reliability but no comfort. I sit down 100% of the time. Get rid of the hard trashy cheap seats.





I love the JBL 6-disc stereo system (but a little loud for rear-seat passengers), 8-way power seats driver AND passenger w. lumbar support, good handling, smooth ride, almost flat cornering on curves, quiet ride, more than plenty of power for steep mountain hill climbing, and dual AC controls.

Smooth highway ride.

Lazer Speed Control, quiet cabin, heated/ cooled passenger and drivers seats, FWD, reclining rear seats, auto rear window shade, large trunk with full size spare tire!

Laser Cruise Control. Interior design. Passenger comfort, especially with the reclining back seats. Smooth and powerful engine.

Laser cruise control. Good gas mileage for a 6 cyl car.

Everything in the Avalon Limited is my favorite. I did enjoy the Navigation system of my 08 Camry SE as I miss the voice commands that it had available the Avalons' is different. But in time I did get to understand it and does the job fine. I would never get behind the wheel and not know where to go.

We like all the leg room and the college kid likes the reclining back seat. We like the smooth ride and the power when we need it. We use the XM radio all the time. It is just a great riding and driving car. So many features that are great.

Laser Guided Cruise Control, rain sensitive windshield wipers, and GPS System. 

Overall, it is what I expected. I loved my first two Avalons.

Laser cruise control. When you on the freeway all you do is set it and the car will slow down if someone gets in front of you then speeds back up when they move. The smoothest car on the road with a powerful 6 cyl. engine. And, you can use (and Toyota recommends) REGULAR gas. 

The engine is very strong for a six. and the ride is smooth and quiet.

We love the Bluetooth although as with the prior car's nav system the voice recognition sometimes has trouble with our midwestern non-accents. As with prior Avalon love the backseat room, the rear window shade, and the pushbutton keyless start.

