Engine and exterior design.

Love the access doors, higher ride. Like storage area above glove box. Very nice stereo. 

6 speed manual, toolbox under the seat & other interior storage, towing & cargo capacity, ability to take a beating.

Seats and general ride are comfortable enough that I would consider taking this on a long trip (10 hour drive)

Other than the conditions stated above, I love my truck. It looks great and runs great. If it were not for the two conditions above, I would highly recommend the 2009 Nissan Frontier to friends and family. 

Roomiest for a Midsize. Body style. Reliability, speaking from my 2001 Nissan.

none

Styling inside and out, power, ride, visibility, fully boxed frame, disc brakes, utili-track system, sunroof, storage bins, size of truck is perfect for my needs-fits in the garage easily.

Engine and transmission are a match made in heaven, buttery smooth ride quality, all seats are extremely comfortable, 4 wheel disc brakes are awesome, innovative bed features, rear window has integrated defroster.

motor with power and good mpg ! tran.for flat land and mountains (surpised me in mountains)

Good sound system, lumbar support on passenger side is above average, I like the seat covers, large windshield, it's a perfect all around vehicle without going to big. 

Durability and versatility of the vehicle, interior features and comfort. Cargo track in the tray.

Very nimble with great power. 6 speed manual is tops.

- High sitting position, great visibility. - Fun to drive, V6 has plenty of power - High ground clearence - Plenty of leg space in a second row in the crew cab. 

power and comfort with flexibility

Exterior fit and finish is great. Paint work near perfect. Acceleration is fantastic. Auto transmission, flawless.

so many to name one.

Def the hill descent and hill start features for one then the factory spray on bedliner with utili track. Large towing capacity for a mid size pick up. I can go on an on but it's a great truck.

Sturdy, truck-like construction. 4 wheel-disc brakes, heated leather seats are awesome. With traction package along with 4x4 Pro 4X model, I should be able to go most most out of the way fishing and hunting spots. 10-speaker Rockford Fosgate stereo is much better than the JBL system in my Toyota

Roomy interior, quiet ride, comfortable seats.

body style, 6 foot bed, rugged appearance, 16 inch tires.

Utili-trac system. Entire PRO-4x off-road package Bluetooth capabilities.

Power/heated Leather seats, stereo system, factory sprayed bed liner w/ cargo hooks/tracks, wheels and tires. Off road capability, while excelling in creature comforts.

Power/Acceleration/Transmission. Storage compartments, utilitrack and bed liner. Disk brakes. Ride Height.



Power. Utilitrack and bed liner from factory is awesome if you think you'll need it. Size is great. Fantastic transmission and 4WD shifting!

