Interior is nice and seats are very comfortable.

Good 4 wheel drive. Quick handling. Agile. Feels safe.

Engine, precise handling, very comfortable and adjustable seats. All the needed options in base come as standard. Huge center console space. SH-AWD works, had no trouble driving on icy/snow covered roads.

Sporty feel, leather seats, AWD, center console, convertible cargo area, moonroof.



Turbo that works - minimal to no lag, strong acceleration, sports car moves, SUV carrying capacity, great back seat - more room than what appears, sports car suspension (it's stiff - too stiff), SHAWD works.

Hands Free Link (use it A LOT), tire pressure gauge, AWD (haven't had opp. to try it yet), Turbo, sound system (whoo-ya!), this car is FUN!

Rear view camera, shift paddles, ride/handling/power balance.

Responsive engine and transmission. Easy to use navigation system. Awesome handling, minimal body role on tight corners. Versatile vehicle. 

Turbo engine, XM radio, navigation system, Bluetooth phone option.

Sport Suspension, SH-AWD, Variable flow Turbo, Xenon HID, Driver seat memory setting, one touch open/close moonroof and front windows

sporty handling and acceleration. 

AWD, turbo (great low end power), quiet, handles great. Not too big of a vehicle but not too small for a family. Lastly the hands free link is a blessing.

The radio is very good. The sound is excellent and clear. It is easy getting in and out of the car. The dash is also laid out clearly.

Suspension set up, engine, stereo, roominess back seat position, compact size, good voice recognition (I didn't think so at first), transmission (if it has to be automatic).

Handsfree phone, 

Actual comfy seats that provide grip and hold you in; that sweet, sweet turbo; AWD; gigantic center console you could hide a small child in; OEM accessories that are useful and fit nicely (cargo liner, mats, guards); bluetooth and hands free phone; aux input; super lighting; and on and on.

iPod adapter, large storage compartment between front seats holds laptop and handbag, responsive acceleration.

seats, awd

Turbo and AWD. This car truly has great handling. The turning radius is even better than it was in my 07 Accord. It has a very comfortable interior. The back seats fold completely flat, making the trunk area plenty roomy for my 70 lb growing puppy.

Performs like nothing else in its class. You can buy BMW x3 with sport package for $12k more - yes $12,000! and BMW is still slower in its responsiveness to changing road conditions. Turbo with paddle shift lets you truly optimize engine/turbo/tranny for a GREAT drive. Best price in class

One touch windows, audio quality, heated seats (not that I really need it), power driver seat, auxiliary audio input, huge center console, fitted rear cargo cover, turbo, xenon lights. Excellent/ though somewhat stiff ride on all terrains.

Sound system, center console, SH-AWD which really controls the ride, content of the nav system, seat comfort

Heated seats

Standard options, strong engine, well thought out interior

Navigation, voice activation.

Very comfortable front seats. The tech package and full featured nav system. 

Backup camera.

AWD, comfort.

Turbo AWD what more can I say?

Very comfortable seats, turbo power when you need it.



