Very large interior.Seats are extremely comfortable. terrific ride and handling.

Smooth-quiet ride, comfortable seats, great MPG, roomy (doesn't feel like you're in a smaller car), great trunk space, sporty...etc.

PRICE $$

interior room

Comfortable seating, roominess, peppy engine, quiet cab, very agile on the road. Very luxurious!

Keyless entry/ignition. The CVT transmission.

All the gadgety options that are available on this entry level car. GAS MILEAGE! Overall price. Comfort of the seats. The height of the vehicle almost makes it feel like a crossover and makes it easy to get in and out of. 

40+MPG Comfortable to driver or ride even for a large male. Good quality for it's price range. Quiet engine and quiet ride.

I purchased the Versa in August 09 in South Carolina. The temps are in the high 80's to low 90's. The A/C works well and keeps the car cool, if not just plan cold. Even with the A/C running all the time at full blast, the car got 29 MPG on the first tank of gas in city driving.

I love the hatchback and the deep glove compartment. 

auxiliary jack, middle arm rest, front cup holders, roomy inside, and sporty looking car

Large cabin size, fuel economy, acceleration is decent at 9.1 seconds from 0-60, large trunk space.

Mpg, Mpg, Mpg, Mpg, LOVE the Bluetooth, Intellikey is awesome, very convenient! Love the hatchback. Very quick, and very comfortable. 

Comfort level of the Versa is far beyond my expectations, I'm 6'2" @ 210 and have no problem sitting in any seat in this car! I even have to come a bit forward from the stops in the driver's seat! Controls easily reached and well laid out. Fantastic Visibility! Elbow Room! Mileage so far averages 29

Snappy looks, high, comfy seating position.

Smooth ride, comfortable seats, quiet ride and the beautiful dark-blue color

I am the person that you have to move over for in the left lane. I love to drive a minimum of 80 hr on the hwy. I know way too fast. BUT this car does it. It out manuevers anything on the road. (I drive in Atlanta) I love this car. Interior is really comfortable and really easy to keep clean.

No safety marks less than 4 out of 5 stars. Great visibility (sits as high as some crossover models). Value - find another SAFE car with Nissan's reputation for reliability that is fully-loaded with options for $14,200 after rebates - you can't do it. Best interior room of any model in it's class.

The blu tooth, keyless entry to all doors, not key need to start the car and aux input in the radio. It allows me to plug in my MP3 which supports HD radio. Like all these features which I don't even have on my 06 Acura TL. 

Power and smooth ride, mileage, roominess, dash, Radio/Cd sound, power package.

The cabin room is great! I am six foot five and two hundred fifty pounds and this car comfortably fits me and would a couple of other adults easy. Getting out of the car is surprisingly easy, it sits quite high off the ground. I also like the large trunk space. It is also rated as safe to drive.

29 mpg to maximize the Clunker's incentive.

Room, MPG, agility

inside room

6-speed stick, A/C, rear wiper, battery-saver, electric p/s, cruise control, power windows and locks, fluids easy to check. Nissan dealership and service is great, so far.

steering wheel and dashboard... interior space is good too

Visibility, seating comfort and room. Mileage 30+ with good pick up. Pricing and treatment by dealer.

Exterior design, versatility, the rear wiper which i think its tite when im stuck in traffic. Interior space is awesome as well as the orange and red needles at night. 

Engine performance, air conditioning, internal confort, trunk, safety features.

Convenient placement of radio / other controls on the dash. Also, love the styling, overall.

Roominess

The car is cute and I love the keyless entry. 

blue tooth, intellikey, roominess, interior, aux jack

Sporty

ipod jack, cruise control, storage compartments underneath the utility mat in the hatchback part

Favorite Feature would have to be the deep glove box and ample cabin space. My 6 foot 4 inch dad FITS! LOL Front or back seat.

Suggested Improvements

XM Radio, Bluetooth, and Rear shelf on hatchback

when I first picked the car up...big deal...oh yes...one thing is that I have to remember to manually lock each door when getting out of the car...again these are minor things...and if you are willing to live with them...you can get yourself a nice, reliable car for less than a regularly used one.

The CVT is a gas saver and should cut maintenance costs. The seats are plush and the driver's adjusts for height. Bluetooth and intellikey are handy. It does not feel like an entry-level subcompact but a luxury midsize car.

The six air bags, standard in all Versas, coupled with the $250 optional ABS package makes me feel very safe. The four factory speakers sound better than I had anticipated. And while the car is stripped to basics, there is still a tire pressure monitoring system. Go figure.

Gas mileage. Cute appearance. Comfy seats. I am often impressed at how much I can store in the back of my car. However, I wish the back seats could be completely folded up (they only fold down on top). 

Intelligent key and hands free bluetooth. Larger gas tank then competitors. Fold down back seats. Mostly how cute it looks.

Tight steering radius, comfortable ride, good gas mileage, large and comfortable interior.

Continuously Variable Transmission. Excellent fuel economy. Controls on steering wheel. Very comfortable seats. Plenty of leg room in front and at the back. Intuitive and easy-to-navigate console. 

Comfort space and yes, fun to drive.

Roomy back seat. It offers more legroom than the front seats! One of the safest compact cars, that's what sold me.

i-key and aux plug-in

Leg room, trunk room, head room, gas mileage, low price, curtain air bags front and rear, front side air bags, looks, fun-to-drive, comfortable, tilt steering wheel, variable intermittent wipers, small windows in front of main front windows for better front side viewing, segmented glove compartment

Comfy large exit and entry as a result of full size doors and car height which averages 4 inches higher than normal sedan. 4 cup holders for the driver!! All at driver's reach.. many storage compartments to store my stuff.

Good looking car, lots of headroom and footroom both in front and back seats. My 85 lb dog fits in the back hatch area with back seats up. Nissan always makes reliable cars. Fairly peppy for a small car. Tight turning radius.

Blue tooth hands free phone ability. Adjustable driver seat. All control features on steering wheel, radio, phone and cruise. Keyless entry and starting.

The seating is elevated so that a driver has a great view of the road, is comfortable, and feels like they are in a larger car. The back seat is huge and has a stadium seat feel, so that larger people won't have any issue getting out of the car as they will never has to sit up and get out.

Body design, interior roominess, seating comfort and gas mileage 

The roomy cab and comfortable seats are awesome. The car is quiet. 

Fuel economy.

I like some of the features like the bluetooth and steering wheel controls. The car is comfortable and runs very smooth. 

6 disc changer, and I can now finally play my iPod in the car without using an FM tuner! Bluetooth is excellent, love the intellikey. Having controls for the radio / bluetooth / cruise control on the steering wheel is a big bonus. Roomy interior for a sub-compact. Highly recommend!

Intelligent key is the best feature ever. Hands free pairing of cell phone is also great.

Big side mirror, audio, roomy interior, good head space, engine is big for this size car, body is not too small, nice design but not too cute

Hand free cell phone pairing and dialing, intelligent key operation is the best thing ever. 

Interior room and comfort; cargo capacity; price, fuel efficiency, and safety. I also like the 6-speed manual which is sometimes hard to get with cruise control and other power options. The engine seems to have plenty of power for the size of the car. 

Easy to park. We think it is cute. Great mileage on the highway - 30 MPG.

Mileage! Consistent 34 mpg on the first 5 tanks, very roomy at all seats. Power package included cruise control which I couldn't get reasonably ($$) with the Fit, Yaris or Accent. Also I found out the "V" has a timing chain instead of a belt, which is is disaster if it breaks. I love the 6spd. 

Seats are raised so you don't feel like you are climbing in/out of the vehicle; nice sound system; comfortable ride; good gas mileage.

Gas mileage, overall room, sporty look I love that the hatchback is making a comeback. High road clearance compared to Honda fit.

Color and style.

Adequate engine, comfy seats, ample room, gas mileage, cargo space, price, Nissan's reliability.

Plenty of space, versatile, does well on the gas, comfortable, enjoyable to drive, quiet, will turn a few heads, handles well, controls are simple to use, classy, simple design that's functional and economic, and a great warranty from Nissan.

Intelligent Key, Bluetooth, Sapphire Blue paint color. Like that the seat adjustments are on the inside, easier adjustments than on the outside as standard.

The interior room, handling and fuel economy are best.

Comfort, fuel efficiency, fun-to-drive factor.

Keyless ignition. CVT is outstanding - very smooth. Kept waiting for a shift which never came. Love the interior space! Love the Bluetooth feature and audio controls - very easy to master.

Low fuel cost. Comfort on long drives. Fun little car to drive. For the price this car is hard to beat. 

