Interior lighting, side door windows that go down, power side doors, Sirius radio, 2 glove compartments, separate driver/passenger heating/cooling controls, full length overhead console with lots of storage, cup holders everywhere, styled wheels 

Stow-n-go seats, visibility, good mileage, comfortable seats, lots of interior room.

I bought for the stow and go and they work great. I have the power 3rd row tilting seats. A very nice feature. 

Our fav parts about the vehicle are the stow & go seats and the swivel of the quads. The handling of the van is very good.



back up camera

The Stow and Go feature is amazing, although it is a bit of a hassle to stow the middle seats because the front seats have to be slid all the way forward to do it. Interior lighting is nice. I really like the dashboard design. The jury is still out on the dashboard-mounted shifter.

Stow & go seats

Stow and Go, MyGiG, Dual DVD, Rear Backup camera, Sirius, and a very smooth drive.

Everything of this base $20 000 van

Interior quality, mygig, stow and go, 4.0 with 6 speed, overall function, light firm drive feel. Great price

The power window in the side doors. Stow and go seating. Chrysler design great vehicles, just hard to believe they are in the mess they are in.

Swivel chairs. Hallow and reading lights. Backup camera.

Stow and go seating rocks. the 4.0 steps out a bit better than the Honda Odyssey we test drove witch is no slouch in the pep department. Impressive fuel economy. seats are nice and firm for my bad back.

Stow n' go seating allows for a lot of cargo space without having to lift out any seats. 

2nd row windows can go down, MyGig radio system rocks, new gear shift location weird at first but much easier to use, dual chanel DVD/radio capability keeps everyone happy, umbrella holder & dual glove compartments great, LOTS of in-door storage, stow-n-go seats, new shoulder belts for 3rd row great

Stow and Go seating

Everything, but especially stow and go, roominess, turn radius, body style, affordability, stock ESP

leather/drive train

Ride, performance, quality in fit and finish

Lots of room and easy to make more.

everything, just can'r seem to get it away from my wife

Quality, power, smooth shifting, nice firm but comfortable ride. Leather, AC,and power doors rock.

everything

The entertainment system is great. Back up camera, Sirius radio, free for a YEAR, stow and go seating. Dual temp controls in the frount, middle and rear.

Roomy and excellent interior accommodations. Every gadget you could possibly need for the road.

Great traction control in the snow for a minivan (I live in Canada), awesome entertainment package, stow and go very easy, side windows that come down, lots of space. With recent troubles we scored this van for 20,000 Canadian!

Looks great for a van inside and out. Except for the cheap plastic wheel covers. Stow and go is a great feature, everything folds down flat and the van gives you plenty of room, especially in the back seat area.

Stow and go seating, indirect interior lighting, DVD system, mygig radio, inferno red color, 17" wheels, 4.0L engine, 6 speed trans, leather seating, removable console, power lift gate, many cup holders

Entertainment system is incredible. Dual video screens which can play independent of each other. Sirius radio/tv I actually enjoy driving this thing! Rides very smooth, little rough going over bridge/road seams though. Great highway cruiser. Looking forward to our first family trip.

Never seen so many gadgets to play with in my life. We have wireless internet, MyGiG with DVD and Navigation, Bluetooth. This van may not even need me in it to drive it.

