well i have black with 20 weels and a chrome box in the back and it makes it look awsome with the chrome bumpers to match

20" chrome clad wheels, Stealth Gray color, OnStar, the front end look of the vehicle compared to the Silverado. 

handling is by far better than old body style

Navigation 

Rear back-up sensor, power foldable mirrors, on-star, rear doors swing all the way open and window goes the whole way down.

BOSE sound system, center console, Auto 4WD, reverse sense and camera.

6sp Auto with tow/haul and manual select, electronic shift 4x4, active fuel management, handling, Stering wheel controls, Bluetooth, Power pedals, Power heated/folding/auto dimming (driver side) side view mirros, reverse sensors, storage compartments, transmission temp guage, ONSTAR and XM, comfort.

The remote start is cool and practical. The 6 speed is why I traded. The Bluetooth connection is an excellent addition. The BOSE w/ subwoofer is awesome, although the standard radio is fine. I like the 18" wheels better. I would prefer 20"s, just not the style nor penalty on speed and mpg.

The creature comforts in the cab combine with the interior/exterior looks to make the truck pleasing to be in and around. From top to bottom, GM did the Sierra redesign right. 

Auto 4WD meshed with the 6-speed auto is perfect in rain/snow. Bose stereo is solid and speed-sensitive volume control eliminates need to adjust radio as you speed up/slow down. Tube running boards make easy entry/exit. Back up sensors and windshield wiper sensors ++. Flip up rear seats ++.

traction control, 20in wheels oh and yes the V8.

Stereo, instrument cluster, backup warning and overall exterior design.

Cooled seats,6.2 HD trans,HD self locking diff,trans. oil temp and cooler.Hr meter on motor,OnStar diagnostics on the run,stabl track,side air bags,Bose sound stm,electric brake controller,blue tooth,memory seats,electric folding mirrors,room in engine bay,easy lift tail gate,fog lights,COOLED SEATS

I love the color, style and ride! The Onstar is fun and can get a diagonistics report every month!

I love the Onstar and XM radio with controls on the steering wheel. I haven't setup my Bluetooth yet but know that will be a plus. 

engine, simplicity, looks, comfort, lots of aftermarket parts/accessories, getting employee pricing and $3K cash to get out of my Saab lease early...DONE DEAL!

Center console (NOT the flip down version); Bluetooth with pick-up/hang- up controls on the steering wheel; XM radio; smooth ride (for a truck); ga

All-terrain package, remote start, blue-tooth

On Star, Xm radio, Interior comfort on a long trip. Extended cruising range with 26 gallon tank.



The cruise control and headlight systems are great. The basic radio interior and finish are very good.

The looks (so much nicer than the Chevy)! OnStar, backup assist, chrome trim!

Traction control, auto 4x4, hands free phone.

