Exterior design, 17" wheels, new interior, amazing stereo, very good gas mileage. I highly recommend upgrading to a limited. The leather/heated seats are great, stereo is amazing and sunroof is nice.

Most everything.

The tranny works great (CVT), color (Red) is really pretty. Good MPG, and handles good..

Nice soft ride, quiet ride. I love the interior design. I fell like I'm driving a 50k SUV. 4x4 work's great going up steep hills made up of gravel pulling a loaded trailer(1000Pds). Snow should be a pleasant experience. Love the MyGig radio. More equipment for the $ compared to the Outlander.

Sound system, roomy interior, versatile cargo area, stability control and traction control (standard), quiet, CVT, styling. The upgrades really make this car sharp. We have to drive up a ravine to get out of our driveway - in 4wd these cars zip right up in deep snow. Overall we are very pleased.

Had to install cruise control. Still testing the CVT to find its capabilities and limits. So far good on power but there is a delay. Is the delay from the CVT or the electronic throttle? Room for me, the Patriot is small but not compact, it is about the same size as the my old Cherokee. Nice.

My favorite feature is the sound system.



The auto stick is fun to use and the leater interior is very comfortable.

I love the ability to upload music and the touchscreen controls with UConnect tunes. Comfortable seats; EVIC features (ave mpg, tire pressure, compass, air temp, etc) are nice. Although I'm not getting the MPGs others are touting, I'm very happy with the gas mileage. 110-volt outlet

Looks great, quiet ride, smooth ride, stereo ROCKS! don't get the cheaper model with small tires and no sunroof... the next model up is soooo worth the money. Did I say the stereo rocks? I'm 40 and I never thought I'd think a stero was very important until I heard the Boston Accoustics System

gas mileage is well over 10 mpg better than my old 2001 explorer

sound system is really good, and it has connection to my Ipod. Soonroof is a must. ride is very smooth. Love the tire pressure sensor.



4WD, stain resistant and antistatic seats, and quiet interior. 



Sunroof, 17 inch alloys, Boston audio speakers (including the tailgate speakers), smooth ride, interior setup, CVT.

Good MPG for 4WD (avg 23-25mpg) CVT transmission Comfortable seats front and rear fold-flat front passenger seat

Freedom Drive II, Homelink, Navigation u-Connect radio, room and height (I am 6'4''), fog lights, Hitch

Limited, leather, Navigation, iPod controls, uConnect phone, trail rated abilities, 115 volt outlet, roomy interior despite small footprint, ability to order leather and navigation system without being forced to buy/order a sunroof. CVT is providing adequate power hills, highways and city driving. 

Anti-static seats are great when it comes to not showing scratch marks from the dogs and for vacuuming dog hair. Fuel economy, and color choice - I picked the deep green. :-)

Pure Jeep look, just the right size, nicely appointed interior, great Boston sound system, wonderful Mygig DVD Navi, Great heated leather seats, Freedom Drive II Trail Rated Off-road capability

4 WD, stability/traction control, airbags I have the Sport model with the Wheel Group and 4 WD with CVT transmission, I also like the autostick and flashlight in the back. I liked the color choices, The one I bought is Sunburst Orange with a tan interior.

Engine response, environmental control location, the cool CD/Radio with minijack for the pods. The sweet sounding stock speakers. 

To me, the vehicle rides like a car. I've ridden in the larger SUVs, and they're just too much vehicle. I like it's size, the ease of handling, and just the general fun of driving it. 

Sound (9 speakers), sunroof, love the leather heated seats, very comfortable. Great for city driving, not too bad on the highway for a 4 cyl. Very good 4x4 system. Tons of safety features. Love the 17" wheels.

Steering wheel, radio/CD, stain/odor resistant upholstery, AC, rubber mats, flash light, etc, etc, etc. I love everything. 

Size and fuel economy

I love the roominess of the interior. Also, the navigation system and uconnect are wonderful. The seats are very comfortable and the safety features are very impressive.

The A/C is awesome. The round vents are easy to position and close, and at max it feels like a frigid hurricane. The anti-static/stain resistant upholstery is a wonderful feature with the Sport "E" package, so is the 115 volt ac plug. This LOOKS like and SUV, not a cute "crossover."

The cargo area, 4X4, good stereo CD player (ipod/aux). The exterior, and color. The wheel package. Quick heat from the vents, during ice cold winters.

The exterior looks fantastic and I've had people stop to look at it. The seats are comfortable and with the 4WD the car will go anywhere. The list of standard safety features is impressive.

I love that little re-chargable flash lite in the back. Again the REQ stock radio is great. I had to read the manual to dig a little deeper on the radio to learn all of its capabilities. The 17" wheels also compliment the exterior design nicely. Good job Jeep!

the uconnect is great, love the radio, the nav system is awesome

New 09'interior, bangin' boston acoustics stereo, power, fuel economy, & lifetime powertrain warranty.

The entertainment system as well as the Boston A. speakers. My wife loves the heated seats.

Speakers sound great. I didn't get any features. This rig is stripped to the core. My kids never had to crank down a window before and complain about the manual locks.

Multi purpose. Great traction. Good mileage. Good power. Love the CVT. Great value for the money.

GAS MILEAGE IS AWESOME! Decent cargo capacity, and the long list of safety features is nice. I'm over 6 feet and I have plenty of head and leg room

Low gas mileage, smooth highway driving, feels bigger when your behind the wheel, 

fun to drive

Standard side impact airbags, traction control

New dash. The way it gets around in the snow and offroad to my cabin. Overall the way it drives on the highway and in town. Mileage is pretty good too. I am also real pleased that it can tow my small sailboats and utility trailers.

The interior material quality and design A+. Comfortable seats for long road trips. Rear seat passengers gave props for comfort and ability to recline. Great Headroom. Fuel Economy. 28mpg! Safety Features Built in power inverter. Arm wrest extends & extending sun visor. Fun to Drive

