The bluetooth connectivity, XM radio, steering wheel controls, heated seats & mirrors, leather steering and shift nob, optional manual shifting, remote starter, external audio plug in for I- Pod. And last but not least, the blue "mood" lighting that shines down on shift area and inside door handles.

Body panel fit is great, quality of interior is beautiful, looks like it was designed after the 69 vette interior. Head turner.

The Dash compartment is a very nice addition. The coloring on the instrument is very nice and easy on the eye.

Styling, both interior and exterior, safety, very solid vehicle.



6 speed transmission, gas mileage, reliability.

Quiet, lots of standard features, nice sound system, great gas mileage, love both exterior and interior styling, reliable. 

The handling, front end design, illuminating lights on shifter and door handles, and remote start.

Interior, blue tooth, smoothness of the engine, looks of the car, and it is a real American car with my money staying in the USA...

Color (black) with Chrome accents, rims, OnStar, XM, and shift paddles

Comfortable, good looking and well- bolstered seats. OnStar with turn-by- turn directions. Sirius-XM radio. Design inside and out. Quietest car I've ever driven. Smooth and powerful four cylinder and four speed automatic. New car smell!

Handling is really good. Seats are supportive & comfortable.

Seats, power and handling, the quiet and solid feel, strong headlights, sound system, OnStar. Great car for the money.

Love the radio. You can mix and match AM, FM and XM on the presetsI also love the auto climate control - set the temp you want and forget about it - no adjusting when you get too warm or too cold. And somehow it 'knows' when the windshield needs to defrots/defog.

Two-tone leather interior! 6 speed automatic with manual tap shift. Fuel ecomony. Did I mention it is quiet - no engine drone! Bluetooth phone connection. 36 preset radio stations that can be randomly selected from AM, FM, or XM. Can set equalizer for each individual station.

Love the red jewell coat. Lots of leg room, I am over 6'2" and I can stretch compared to the Lacrosse, (my other candidate. Great interior design in general, and looks great on the outside. Circular dash trim reminds me of the Park Avenue. Great wheels.

Quietness, handling, and peppy V-6 engine. 

Love the design, the quiet ride, spacious roominess and the warning devices.

Sleek looks and MPG. 

The quietest car in its class. Has the smoothest ride. Better gas mileage with the 4 cyl. 6 speed automatic trans. Lots of leg room front and back. Deep trunk. Dashboard compartment. (I keep my tollway pass device in there. Works great!)

Electronics and communication features, ride and handling.

Integrated bluetooth.

6 speed automatic transmission- allows for reasonable performance by the 4 cylinder engine while providing good fuel economy. Execution- whole vehicle just seems well conceived and well executed. Bluetooth

Quietness, especially interior sound insulation and engine refinement. Sound quality and features of stereo system (XM, MP3 input jack, built-in bluetooth) 6 speed transmission with paddle shifting. Fuel economy (getting 33 MPG + on hwy)

Interior design

Ride. It is real smooth. I get about 27 to 28 mpg (combined). Night light focused on the drive stick was a great idea - you know exactly what your car will do when you press that gas pedal. 

4-cylinder with 6-speed automatic transmission is a great match for performance and fuel economy

Cabin silence, nice engine.

6-speed automatic transmission. Good that GM finally replaced their outmoded and less efficient 4-speed. This new transmission is smooth and always seems to know the right gear. Confidently merging and getting up to speed on a freeway ramp with the 4- cylinder/6- speed powertrain is easy and safe.

I really like the driver information telling me oil life, tire pressure, gas mileage etc. seats are comfortable, remote start, sun roof everything!

Very smooth quiet ride. Great power in a small fuel efficient engine. Interior is really sharp (like a luxury car) and comfortable (despite me being 6'6"). 

Brick on black interior, sound system, seats very comfortable, responsiveness, smooth ride, gas mileage, rims, looks, stands out from the crowd in a good way

Style, fuel economy, comfort, quiet, OnStar. Roomy, 5 star crash rating. Child friendly vehicle, carseat attachments everywhere, built in sunshade, hard plastic on seatbacks, (foor little feet) airbags to protect all around. A car I feel safe and comfortable driving in. 

OnStar navigation; electrical plug in backseat; blue ambient lighting for nighttime driving; sound system/XM radio; great gas mileage; remote start; just the overall beauty of the car itself! It's hard to narrow it down to just a few things.

Interior look - very classy looking - not too over the top. All the standard features, remote start, heated seats, nice stereo look, blue accents.

The interior in the LT2 is better than many higher priced cars that we looked at. The steering wheel controls for radio, cruise and some OnStar functions are great. Also like cargo nets on sides of trunk instead of across the back

The 4 cyl engine is not race car ready, but it is smooth and quiet, and merge ready. The difference between the 6 speed trans and the 4 speed is night and day! The remote start is a great factory feature, as is the auto climate control. Overall, the styling, inside and out is my favorite feature.

Ride is so smooth yet very tight on the turns. Might be the electric steering, plus 18 inch wheels don't hurt the cornering

33 mpg, great two-tone leather interior, great ride and performance, 6 speed transmission

MP3 player and OnStar is cool! I really like the blue lights on the gauges. Awesome!

Appearance and color. Gold Mist Metallic. Doors open and close very quietly. Easy access to all dash board features.

Mileage, looks, quiet, handling. American car. 



Smooth quiet 4cyl., great stereo, satellite radio, onstar for 1 yr, smooth stable ride, well thought out dash with user friendly controls, traction control...like it all and this is just the LS model !!

The leg room for the back seat passengers. There are several compartments through out the car. The pick up and go for a 4cyl 6spd. The radio with so many preset stations & the controls on the steering wheel. The auto lights they come on when needed as well as the rear lights. The door handle lights up

Air pressure monitor, Hands Free calling, USB+aux jacks, Power/heated Seats. 120v outlet, auto Dimming rearview, Storage compartment on top of the dash, Climate Control, steering wheel stereo controls, IPOD info shows up on stereo, remote start, On-Star diagnostics of car sent to my email.

OnStar, 110V rear seat port, feeling of very solid build and especially with doors that close with that distinctive bank vault sound. Quiet, smooth w/firm ride not the mushy ride I experienced on a comparably equipped Camry. Seats provide good support without the hard feeling of the Accord.

Interior Design / Gas Mileage / Bluetooth / Heated seats

XM radio, 6 speed automatic, On-Star

Clean lines inside and out. Center Console was made for two people with all the cup holders. 4 cyc is as peppy as the 6. My favorite feature was the salesman.

Quietness and fuel economy

Roomy, good gas mileage (I have 6- speed) aver. 35-38mpg. Comfortable ride. Exterior design nice. Quiet inside. Now if only it would run!

Instrumentation

There's really nothing that jumps out on this car. It does have smooth body lines though. If you price Nissan Altima, or a Toyota you will probably buy the Chevy I got my 2009 for $19750 out the door. They wanted 34k for the Altima! I think it's a solid value and has a good track record.



I like how quiet the car is on the road. I like the way it handles. The central console is very well thought out. There are cupholders both in the console and in the doors. It is my first car with a sunroof and that's becoming my favorite feature.

Radio system (local and XM), onstar, the placement of all controls at your fingertips plus the great visibility you have of the dash. And it's hard to believe that 6 speed transmission shifts at effortlessly as it does, but, it is sooooo smooth.

Exterior styling; On-Star; Crash Rating; Handling and acceleration; Two- Tone Seating; Information Center.

Very quiet interior. Excellent ride quality, handling, steering feedback, and braking. Love the satellite, OnStar, Bluetooth hands free phone, leather-wrapped steering wheel. Base stereo is very good. Ride is moderately firm and comfortable, but corners well with acceptable lean. 

OnStar, toggle shifters, remote start, trunk space, smooth and quite ride

Styling, trunk size, very, very quiet car. Good road manners, very little body roll or lean.

Fuel economy, drives on regular, silky-smooth 6- speed auto, very comfy and hush-hush quiet. Lovely American engineering. A car worth test driving! And the on-board computer will tell you tire pressure, temperature, distance to empty, and even when you need to replace light bulb!

OnStar, seats dials. 6 speed with TAP automatic. Love the remote starting system.

- Onstar Nav. system (don't really need this, but it comes in handy in certain situation, like being stranded on high way) - Exterior look - Sound system 

OnStar and XM radio

The abundance of options the style and handling. Good value for the money. XM radio mp3 player jack and awesome power sun roof. Tons of storage compartments.

Fit and Finish is outstanding on this car. Bluetooth. XM raido. Six speed transmission w/ 2.4 enging makes for a pleasurable drive with decent gas mileage (right now about 25 mpg with 50/50 driving). Very comfortable seating. A great looking (not everyone has one) car. 

- Fuel economy - Handling and responsiveness - Speakers' sound quality - Seat comfort - Display colors and intensity - Storage spaces/cup holders - Attractiveness - Trunk storage - Standard features included

The new bluetooth option and soft leather two tone seats

On-Star standard for one year and great styling.

Clean and flowing interior, trunk space, rear seat room, safety features, value value value, warranty, engine power for a 4, clean paint job, blue color hue at night, radio & sound system, electronic tire gauge, faux rims that really look like rims w/out the cost, handling on dry and wet...

Great stereo, A/C, easy to use controls, EXCELLENT fuel economy, attractive interior and exterior design. Very FAST!

Leather heated seats..great smooth ride, love the xm radio. for the money it is one luxuary car!!

The profile from any direction. The ride. Good gas mileage.

Beautiful interior (cocoa/cashmere) Lots of extras for the money Outside styling Satellite radio

Looker, Stability control std, powerful, great highway mpg and lots of toys. 

Style, bluetooth, xm

Good-looking car.

Fuel economy, performance, quiet ride, Xmradio, and OnStar.



Blue tooth, buttons on steering wheel light up, dimming mirror, I love this car overall. LED lights in door handles, a real cup holder in the middle console, ease of use central radio system, and, the remote start, my favorite thing of all!

Mileage 4 cyl Smooth and quiet Looks etc etc

Bluetooth,XM,Two tone interior,ease of controls,quiet cabin,wheels 

The total safety features it has. You name it, it has it. Also the onstar is great. The radio and the soooo comfortable seats.

Engine performance, interior and exterior fit and finish, driving performance, fuel mileage, leg room (front and rear), roominess, large deep trunk, free onstar for a year, and XM radio.

OnStar, Bluetooth calling, premium stereo, heated seats, sunroof,the gutsy V6, the Driver Information Center. The interior lighting is sweet, too. Oh yea, can't forget the shifters on the steering wheel :D 

Mom loved the comfort, quite ride, and smooth handling of the car at highway speeds. Accord and Camry were noisy and felt soft at cruising speed. Great looks and the new Silver Moss Metallic is an eye catching color!!!

Interior styling, Exterior styling, V6 engine, Quiet performance, Red Jewel Coat Color.

Blue tooth, Onstar Nav. system, suspension and handling. 6 speed transmission, Comfort seats. 

On board computer (knowing the actual tire pressure is my favorite) Quiet and comfortable interior. Nice looking dash and gauges.

Interior design and finish. Radio with automatic volume control. 

Quietness of cabin, strength of 252HP V6, dealer added sunroof, ebony leatherette interior is very sharp, rear windows go all the way down, insurance was only $11 more than my 4 year-old Impala. 

Traction Control, On Star, smooth ride,it's like floating on air....classy fit and finish for the price, ambient lighting, driver information center, crash rating...

Double paned windows keep the interior extremely silent when driving. Leather two toned heated seats with suede middle paneling is extremely comfortable. Gorgeous design. Huge trunk space. Built extremely solid. Handles the road very well. 4 cylinder engine has plenty of power.

Styling - the LTZ has great styling cues. I love the lines and the details, like the fog lights and chrome trim. Performance - I average about 25 mpg in my LTZ - and I think that's pretty darn good!

Styling (inside and out), quiet ride, OnStar, remote start, handling, and fuel economy. 

Everything, Onstar, Satelite radio, 6cyl quickness, quietness of ride. we have same items on truck

interior, On Star navigation, heated seats

Interior and display are great, comfortable interior, safety and having OnStar in case of an emergency, and the overall body of the car.

onstar blue tooth 

It runs very quiet, and the seats are very comfortable. The On Star and Hands free cell phone is great. We used the turn by turn direction option from On Star just to see what it would be like. Having never used such a service, we were very impressed with the ease of use and the voice guidance

The fuel economy, two tone interior, bluetooth, Onstar, 

little to no road noise, interior finish, and exterior appearance

Remote start, heated seats, built in XM radio, electric adjustable seats, good gas mileage for a 6 cylinder car

Look of car's exterior. Electronic Stability Control. Radio features. Interior space especially backseat passengers. TAPshift gives it a sporty feel. Able to turn off/on Auto Headlights. Lots of safety features

Really decked out car with auto air, cruise, power seats, leather, onstar with navigation features. Radio is equipped with XM and 36 stations/ 6 CD changer. Power on ignition from remote. Homelink garage. Ride is smooth and quiet. Plenty of rear seat room. Trunk is large. Superb value for price.

Sunroof air guard is great hardly any wind when sunroof fully open on highway. Ambient lighting is nice touch, but hope you like blue. Absolutely great ride smooth and silent. Trunk is huge! Bluetooth in 09 models make OnStar phone minutes obsolete. 

The looks of the car. I got black, so I feel like Tony Soprano driving it. Plus the radio sounds "GREAT"!

6 speed automatic, excellant radio, bluetooth, looks, American car.

Speed controlled wipers. OnStar. XM. Steering wheel controls. Built in phone. Large trunk. The car e-mails my ipod with all sorts of vehicle info like tire pressure, oil life, and performs various other systems checks . Pretty cool.

Interior one of the best, outstanding attention to detail, attractive, especially the two-tone. Fun to drive; the 4 has plenty of get up and go, with excellent gas mileage. Love the OnStar, idiot proof! Great warranty. Love the front end, no mistaking this car for anything else on the road!

Sound, Power, six speed automatic tranny, V6 power. Noise deadening steel. Passenger and driver side windows are same glass as windshield which helps block a lot of noise (you won't realize you're doing 80). The look of the car, and handling.

Quiet, powerful V6 engine

Nimble, quiet, decent mileage (28 mixed) ergonomically well thought out. OnStar accident notification to emergency providers(huge) if you care about yourself or family. It is not a bad looking car either. Information center is great. Fake chrome mag wheels are super looking.

Interior design. Quietness after driving a very noisy Chrysler 300M-- road noise was awful. The 6-speed automatic is great and the 18 inch wheels were a pleasant surprise when shopping for a car. About 2000 rpms at 65 mph. This is our first time for an XM radio and we are sold on it.

Comfortable drive. Hydraulic steering. All around satisfying

Ride, handling, exterior and interior styling.

OnStar, the car has it's own phone number, XM radio, and an automatic starter which is a plus in our snowy state. The exterior is pleasant and the trunk is almost too big.

Smooth ride, very quiet, good handling, look of the back end, illumination of blue lights at night, very comfortable and roomy



Hands free bluetooth, OnStar nav, heated seats, TAPshift transmission, dual leather interior, ambient lighting.

