sports package/kit, hd $ xm radio, comfort and handling without compromising luxury. navi that can be programmed while the car is moving. very smart & user friendly bluetooth. angel eye lights. bamboo anthracite wood trim. multi-contour seat/positions.

Sport pkg, 20 way seats, handling and power. BMW maintenance is great. Tried Audi, MB and Infiniti, none ride or drive as well as the BMW.

Handling, bamboo, Dakota leather, i- pod interface, bluetooth and voice control, and the super-comfy seats!

Comfort access, parking distance control, and iDrive (I find it easy to use, despite some rumbling by reviewers).

Just about everything.

iPod integration, bluetooth phone integration, and yes iDrive (now that I'm over the learning curve)...but the best feature is the way it drives!

I drive w/ipod attachment. Seats and bamboo wood interior. Handling. Space. Leather... everything.

Smooth drive and engine

Dakato leather, idrive, adaptive lights, idpod interface, BMW ride, heated seats and ability to change where the heat is - lower, middle , upper.

Smooooooth and yet powerful engine, silky smooth trans and clutch. 

Fit & finish, M Aerodynamic kit, iDrive, LED tail & side lights, 19" wheels, dual black tail pipes, comfort access, satellite radio, bamboo anthracite wood trim, Logic 7 sound system, head-up display, Angel Eyes, pull-away power from a stop light, handling and overall superb looks.

I got Premium, Navigation, Satellite, Cold Weather and IPOD adapter. I've had 4 BMW's in the past 5 years, and this is my favorite. I had Comfort seats in a loaner getting a scheduled maintenance, and made the deal for the new one with CMF seats when I returned the loaner!!!! That and IPOD a must have.

Handling, interior design, quiet and comfortable but still that BMW driving excitement.

I love the joy stick for the shifter, push button start, not to mention all the toys inside. The Bluetooth is great. 

Real time traffic information is great, but only seems to apply to highways. Upgraded stereo is highly recommended. Handling, pick-up and driving dynamics. Currently averaging 23 mpg, excellent for a 300 hp car. Fit and finish are first-class.

Comfort access, Bluetooth system.

I love the interior and the handling. 

300 hp, handling, electronics

The seats are the best, steering is superb, this car makes my 30 mile driving commute so much more enjoyable. : )

IDrive is much improved with feature and memory buttons, iPod control, bluetooth and voice control; 20 way comfort seats

1- 6 speed manual transmission..great shifting 2- iDrive- nav 3-power! 4- Blue tooth, sat radio, stereo system, cabin set up 5- twin turbo engine 6- iPod adapter 7- fold down seats 8- handling, brakes, steering. Just a great all round car. I have been a loyal BMW customer for 25 years.

