Exterior styling, panoramic sunroof, auto hatchback button, AWD

outside looking, interior design

The fit and finish are first class and have a high end feel, as is generally the case with Audi. The design of the interior can't be beat and overall, a very good use of space. Aggressive looking exterior. 

Looks, drive, and size. 

Elegant interior finish, comfort, smooth ride and tight steering. MMI system is awesome and voice control is pretty accurate and intuitive.

Sport mode shifter, B and O sound system, Keyless entry, handling, fuel efficiency, great visibility from drivers seat, back up camera, awesome panoramic roof, large side mirrors, Blue tooth, overall body styling, rear center fold down/pass through , hill descent control, voice activated commands.

The quattro system.

Visibility, no blind spots. Massive sun roof. The room! I can fit my road bike in cargo area with seats down flat. Seats are comfortable. Looks, a classy, simple well thought out design inside and out.

The sunroof is amazing - especially sitting in the back seat! The audio is amazing with the SD and IPOD connections. Great gas mileage for an all-wheel drive vehicle. 

Very fact - that this is the ONLY car review I ever wrote shows that there are too many favorite features to list. Overall - a joy to own!!

All wheel drive. Good ground clearance for snow.

Ride quality, MMI navigation, LED lights, interior. Fuel Economy is 22 to 23 in combined city/highway driving. 

B&O Stereo, Bluetooth/phone connection and GPS screen.

Panoramic Sunroof, performance, build quality, the cool looks, and the headlights (neat looking LED lights on the top).



ipod interface and sd card slot for music.

Handling, styling, interior style and design, the advanced technology, utility permutations. Ability to leap small snowbanks with a single bound.

Engine, Drive, and the NAV which is a small screen and I thought I would hate, is THE BEST NAV I have seen (compared to Lexus, BMW, Acura and Toyota), love the heat/cool cup holder.

Styling.

Side mirrors, transmission, roof, LED lights, interior and exterior design.

We love the MMI system, auto rear gate, LED headlights, and overall design. 

Side assist works beautifully. MMI navigation system is the best on the market and really separated this car from the XC 60. Bang and Olufsen sound system is excellent. Panoramic sun roof is also fantastic. Like the temperature controlled cup holder and keyless entry/start.

Led lighting, interior refinement, not your average run of the mill looks, handling, power. The whole package.

Exterior styling, interior fit and finish, LED DRL, panoramic sunroof, sport mode (quite responsive), Audi Care, power tailgate, doesn't look like an soccer-moms Lexus RX, feels like a sedan in every aspect.

MMI, handling, power, Bang & Olufsen sound system, panoramic sun roof



Style, LED lights, MMI

Panoramic sun roof, comfort, style and performance. I had a Isuzu Vehicross before and with the Q5 I still get the fun factor, but with refinement.

Acceleration and feel when engaging the sport drive transmission. Turning ability, look and feel of the dashboard, 3D display graphics, one touch controls.

The MMI is great, 10gig of space on the hard drive for music and 2 SD slots. Great integration with my iPhone 3g, music and bluetooth. The bluetooth works great too, I can hardly tell when my wife is in the car. the sun roof is great too!

panoramic sunroof, rear passenger reclining seats, ipod interface is wonderful, sporty/sturdy drive

Panoramic sun roof, quiet cabin, excellent fit and finish, powered tail gate, front and rear led lights, 4400 towing capacity and the audio system.



Comfort; fit and finish; looks; moon roof; nav (with 2 screens) parking sensors. Nice wood. Great transmission.

Fit & finish; LED DRLs; MMI; Ipod interface

Handling, power, MMI, passenger space, cargo space (movable 2nd row seats are simply awesome), power liftgate, LED lights, Audi ergonomics.

Great pick up, stereo, inside finish, great design, smooth ride, great pick up etc., etc., etc.

LED lights, panoramic sunroof, Ipod display screen, self-closing trunk, beautiful interior!! 

MMI-awesome! Bang & Olufsen-out of this world! Panoramic sunroof-WOW! Ride- indeed luxurious! Body motion- pleasantly well-controlled! Wanna think Happy Thoughts--think Q5!!!:)

Moonroof, Wheels, Led headlights & tail lights 

Front LED's and Rear LED's, the Quattro, the panoramic sunroof, the interior, the keyless go...the list goes on and on.

Bang and Olefson Stereo (absolutely worth the upgrade), Latest generation MMI system is useful and intuitive, Panoramic sunroof, quattro six speed transmission, quality and finish of interior, LED daytime running lights and tailights, utra smooth 3.2 liter engine, exhaust sound, steering feel

*Navigation System *Voice command *Bang & Olufsen Stereo System *270 HP/V-6

Panorama Sun roof, bluetooth, ipod connectivity.

Love that QUATTRO, it just loves curves, rain and snow. The MMI/Nav system is excellent and easily accessible. The LED running lights are a real nice touch. They help make the Q5 stand out from all other midsize suvs that you see on the road.

Panoramic Moonroof, Bang and Olufsen sound system. Simple, yet versatile steering controls.

The MPG in the city 23-26 Yes! On the highway 29.6 at 70 MPH and 30.5 at 65 MPH Yes! The third generation MMI/Nav is excellent and the handling. It's got to get better its not even broken in.

