Style, comfort, handling

Auto rearview mirror dim, lighted cupholders, excellent stereo, drop down speakers for tailgating, sits high and allows a great view of the road ahead.

Lighted cup holders...sound system..sunroof...18" wheels

Expecting the smaller engine to have no power or take-off, I was very pleasantly surprised with the combination of the 1.8 engine with the standard transmission.

2.0 litre, CVT transmission, decent torque and hp, comfortable to drive, 5 Star Safety Award, LIFETIME Drivetrain Warranty.

Lighted cup holders, chill zone, sliding arm rest, *ability to turn off headlights* 110V outlet, adjustable seat and tilt wheel, folding back seats, Sirius Radio, CVT

it runs

Sirius radio, CVT transmission, Chill Zone for drinks, exterior styling, alloy 17" wheels. Best Warranty on the market. WOW!

The CVT is the best thing to happen to the automotive world - I'm glad this car has one. I also like the firm ride, and SUV - like seating position. The interior is made of rugged easy to keep clean materials. High crash test ratings (5 star) due to its "heavy duty" construction (over 3000 lbs).

Drivers sear raises and lowers straight up and down. Sirius radio is awesome, as well as the chill zone glove box. Lifetime powertrain warranty is unmatched by competitors. Rear seats have plenty of leg room.

Sunroof, overall design, conveniences like flashlight and remote entry. Comfortable for size. Easy to get in/out of. Transmission really smooth.

Seats- material and feel; dash design, stereo and ac/heat. vent control accessibility; overall feel when driving or stopped; Overall exterior lines and look. Front grille that looks like the famous RAM truck; back lights and rear spoiler; movable arm rest and three internal storage compartments.

Great AC! Great handling, solid feeling, very comfortable on the road. 35.8 MPG! Controls and stick shift very handy, lots of room, very well equipped for very little $$$.

Everything

GPS / Nav / 9 Speaker System! DVD's can be played while parked. Gas Mileage is awesome! Haven't had a $30 gas tank for a long long time! Nice looking vehicle!

Love Sirius satellite radio. Hatchback feature allows for hauling versatility. Chill Zone. 110 Power Outlet. 

Overall sporty look and handling for a car in it's class. The stereo setup is great. Free sirius radio for a year and thumping speakers!

Small car but very roomy and versatile interior; driver's seat height adjustable; high ground clearance; 3 compartments in glove box; can plug mp3 player into sound system; front pass. seat folds flat for long cargo; easy to change oil; chair-height seats; cargo tie-downs; removeable cargo light

roominess in the cockpit and roominess in the back seats. A 6'5" man can sit in it and not touch the ceiling and have comfortable leg room

My favorite features would be how the car is roomy on the inside yet does not require much gas. 

Sound system is excellent, seat positions, big wheels, dashboard,

Love the dash cooler for drinks, can't wait to use in summer. Sattalite radio. The pump up seat for tall and short people. Recharge flashlight. Fold forward passenger seat.

The great style and the gas mileage

Interior design is outstanding. Very nice leather package, a cockpit feel.

See this car in person. It just looks wild and wonderful compared to other "hatchbacks"! Take it out on the highway and give it some gas... Listen to the sound. Nothing like it.

