Ride, better quality interior, visibility is fine with the rear camera, no complaints yet. 

The features are outstanding. I would not have purchased any other vehicle (not knowing the trouble that would come from it). 

Smooth ride and acceleration (CVT), comfortable seating, backup camera, appearance and styling. 

Touch screen is very good. Once programmed the navi system and directions are very straightforward, helpful and informational. Remote power hatch.



Double Moonroof, blue tooth, Motor, stability, interior design, keyless system, rear camera, Central console, Ipod conexion

Silky smooth acceleration. Rides like a much more expensive car. The passenger room is amazing. I am six foot and 300 pounds and this car has more than enough room. Controls are easy to use and the seating position and comfort are top notch. 

All the amenities, the Tch package is great, the back-up camera is definitely class leading, and the Nav system is very well done as is the voice recognition.

Dual-panel moonroof, Bluetooth (how did I live without that before?), back- up camera, comfortable seats, Bose sound system, bright headlights, quick AC, heated seats, stylish looks. :-)

Peformance

Roominess and leg room is perfect for a large driver, the interior is luxurious, the tech features are awesome including iPod interface (clutch!) and an amazing Bose system, rear video camera, power seats and leather are beyond 5 star, bluetooth and the exterior's design is aggressive and unique. 

Power seat control, heated seat, double moonroof

Comfortable seats, CD changer, electronic displays, large glove box, cup holders, plenty of storage

Bose speakers, ride comfort, and handling. Bronze color is awesome! Body styling is head-turning. 

Smooth and powerful VQ 3.5 V6 and CVT combo (fantastic ride quality). INtelligent key, nav, Bluetooth, power- everything, and all the other great technology packed in this thing. Others: Interior layout, comfort features, 20" wheels, Bose sound system, safety features. Overall build quality!

CVT, 265 hp engine, dual moon roof, leather interior and power liftgate. Numerous standard safety features.

Styling (particularly the front-end of the exterior and the entire interior), back-up camera, Bose stereo with iPod conection.

Rear seat release and return, rearview camera, high end Bose 9 speaker stereo, harddrive space, Gen II CVT, VQ 3.5, leather quality, rear seat room, Dash layout even though very unique, instumentation lighting, wheels.

Just a wonderfully well refined and balanced arrangement of looks, power & creature comforts. Spectacularly solid & confidence-inspiring feel on the road. Keyless, push-button start a nice touch. Nissan designers and engineers worked overtime on this fine piece of work. Won't find better!

CVT, push button ignition, dual front one-touch windows, comfy bucket seats

Comfort. Excellent handling. Smooth acceleration. 

Styling, ride, and all the toys. The backup camera is great as is the nav and boise system. The interior is fantastic and the ride is so smooth and quiet You step on the gas and VOOOOM off you go. The power lift gate and easy folding back seats are great too. So is the pop up bag holder.

The Intelligent Key is worth EVERY dime. I thought it was more of a gimmick at first. NEVER needing to take the key out of my pocket is great! Color back up camera with guidance info is especially nice aswell. Powerlift gate is gold too! (works with Intelligent Key)

 V6 engine, CVT, wide view headlights you see all lanes ahead of you including the shoulder. Of course the navigation system, backup camera, blue tooth, XM radio, dual moon roof and leather interior with heated front seats, and the dual climate control. 

The nav touch screen was nice, the blue tooth worked well 

Styling and handling is wonderful.

Power, acceleration, interior design, exterior looks.

Backup camera (no GPS necessary), Bluetooth, dual-panel moonroof, seat comfort, interior fit and finish, Intelligent Key, power liftgate

Leather seating

Power fold-down back seats with a second set of switches at the tailgate. Double moon roof allows plenty of light. Bluetooth phone system is a must given number of states and towns passing cell phone laws. Absolutely love the totally keyless operation - never take the key fob out of your pocket!

The exterior styling was sexy.The front seats very comfortable . 

The CVT transmission and engine are smooth and powerful. Power liftgate is very handy. Super Bose sound system and the XM radio is nice. The backup camera is a big plus. The leather seats and the whole interior of the car looks like something costing $1,000's more.

The driving experience is my favorite feature; however, I love the back-up camera, bose audio system and the black leater interior is very attractive.

Backup camera, leather, power options, sound system, powertrain, dual moonroof, good handling and fit & finish. Feels solid. Very responsive engine, road noise much quieter than I anticipated. Great backseat room and nice storage areas located thru the cabin.

The tec rules. I just love the navigation system.I also love ipod connector, dvd player

265hp. CVT transmission. Bose stereo. Leather is soft. Excellent room in front and rear. Auto headlights. Dual- zone climate control. Dual moon roofs.

Love the new remote hatch. New finishes on the inside are a major step up.

Navigation, bluetooth, XM, backup camera, push button start.

Back-up camera, sound system, lumbar support.

Intelligent Key, Bluetooth, power liftgate, pushbutton for rear folding seats, pop-up cargo divider.

Comfy seats, quality roomy interior, smooth quiet ride

Power liftgate. Keyless entry and start. (never need to take the keys out of your pocket!) Backup camera, dual moon roof. Leather interior is nicely done and very comfortable. Various display options on LCD screen. CVT accelerates like a rocket, very smooth. Many, many more.

Technology packages are so fancy and useful such as: the Music Box, CF card, iPod connector, navigation system and the voice recognition functionalities. 

Navigation, Bluetooth, and back up camera with distance indicators is the best one we have seen. Leather interior is beautiful. Great looks. Love the 20 inch wheels and the power tailgate. Love the Intelligent Key system.

Exterior appearance, comfortable interior, rear leg and headroom, cargo capacity, smooth ride.

Better build & materials. Technology: rear-view camera, Bluetooth, key-free system, dual-moonroofs, Xenon, power tailgate, Bose w/ XM & MP3, smoothness & speed. I'm sure the options I didn't get are awesome. I really wish I could've gotten the music drive without having to get nav.

Plush leather seats, backup camera, sound system (Bose), xm radio, automatic rear door, heated seats, start button and overall space for passengers.

Bluetooth, navigation, dual panel moonroof, leather seats, heated seats, dual climate control

the way it runs

Dual panel automatic sunroof is sweet. Spend the money on the Bose system too because it makes a huge difference. Dual subwoofers do the trick. I like the aluminum look on the S and SL much better than the wood look on the LE.

Leather, moonroof, upgraded Bose stereo, compass in mirror, interior styling/chrome finish. Back-up camera/monitor is great, without paying big $ for nav. which I could care less about. 

Seat comfort, controls on wheel for radio and phone, huge back seat, beautiful double moon roof, quiet ride, bright headlights at night.

Agility, handling, braking.

Intuitive nav system with voice command. Excellent audio system with incredible iPod interface. Remote tailgate open/close, steering wheel and driver seat move back when exiting from vehicle. Flip forward back seats with motorized return.

BOSE 9 speaker + dual subwoofer, rear-view monitor, intelligent key, steering and breaking feel

Key less start. Bluetooth. Comfortable leather seats. Fun to drive.

Entire interior is great, IPOD connection, heated seats for front and back, dual climate control, BOSE, keyless ingnition.

Bose sound system, design of the car, back up camera, comfort interior, handling, and of course, the power. 

Seats are firm and comfortable. Rear camera in very nice as is the display.

Mood lighting, backup camera, CVT, push start, and that the front windows let down when holding down unlock on the key.

The quiet ride allows the Bose sound system to work wonders. The 'electronics' on this vehicle are the most modern and offer a great variety of entertainment. The navigation system is excellent.

Glacier pearl paint in the sunset, just stunning! Bose sound is great. Twin moon-roof is a blast, love watching the blinds open and close! Leather seats are very comfortable for a long drive.

Intelli-key is my favorite gadget! 20" rims and tires fill up the wheel wells for a tough looking ride. Love the seats, back-up camera, interior appointments are first-rate over previous years; Bluetooth, LCD display, XM radio and 11 speakers are very nice. This is livin'!

On/off start button, electric rear door, reverse camera, 6 CD changer, XM radio, electric front seats, great interior space, double moon roof and bluetooth.

Navigation, sunroof, bluetooth, music system.

Bose, back up camera, push button start, interior feel and comfort, POWER. 

Same.

The info center is 2nd to none.

Bluetooth, seats, ride, drive, looks, handling, the redesign is outstanding a great improvement. Love everything about the vehicle.

Bluetooth and XM Radio. Can life be any better.

I love not having to dig through my purse to find my keys. The Intellikey system is awesome. I can unlock the vehicle, jump in and start it without having to try to find my keys. I also love the ambient lighting throughout the interior, it really adds to the luxury feel of the vehicle. 

Power lift gate, navigation system, music hard drive and Bluetooth phone features. Could go on and on.

Looks, styling, trim and CVT. It feels great on road trips (you can hardly feel the road itself). 

The dual moon roof, power liftgate, intelikey and bluetooth are nice additions as are more standard safety features. I like that they kept the vehicle the same size and didn't add a third row. I still love the CVT, especially in the mountains where traditional automatics often hunt for a gear. 

Driving experience, acceleration, handling, comfort, and looks (both ex and interior)

EVERYTHING

Excellent, responsive steering. Back- up camera is great. 

cvt transmission no down shifts and sudden jerks when driving on cruise control

Over all looks, ride and comfort.

Push button ignition. Overall handling. CVT

Comfort and ride. Quitness to the outside. Can't tell the engine is running when idling.

The smooth CVT shifting, Auto Headlights, Auto Wipers, Power liftgate, Intellikey, Memory seats, and Bluetooth!

Leather heated seats.Backup Camera.Keyless Entry 

push button start, sound system , back camera etc so much to write....

Ride, pickup, and overall quality. 

Interior features, build quality, ride quality, sound system, Unique confort. Technologically unique.

The body/look

Interior features, build quality, ride quality.

Comfort, sound system, over all performance. 

 The GPS is very good and the voice recognition is excellent, I rarely have to repeat commands.. The interior in general is very nice and upscale. The seats are comfortable and I feel it is a better buy than the Lexus crossover.

love the interior seats,sound everything. also big fan of the 20s it rides better then 18s on the older model. keyless entry and starting is a must after having it 

Bluetooth, power liftgate, stereo system, and the extremly quite ride. The seats are very comfortable.

I love the ride, vehicle handles very nicely.

Sharp styling, good sound system.

Comfortable seats, iPod integration, Voice activation, dual moon roof, pop-up cargo tray. I prefer comfort/luxury and QUIET rides rather than a total sport experience-the Murano delivers a quiet, smooth ride with enough "kick" to satisfy the need to "zoom" when needed. Easy to use Nav! Lots of tech!

Luxurious feel & features at lower price than higher-end models like Lexus, Acura. Super quiet cabin, intelligent key, heated seats, bluetooth, backup camera, CVT smooth shifting, strong engine, overall strong feel.

All wheel drive, stability control, less fabric on the door panels=less dirt, stains and easy clean up, especially if you have kids

Bluetooth to eliminate the pain of California's hands free cell phone law. Superior handling and comfort. Keyless entry and one touch push button starting.

Quiet Quiet Quiet seats very comfortable iPhone cable and the Bluetooth is BETTER than Lexus - no strange buzzing in Murano bluetooth phone connection. Can turn off the computer controlled wheel stuff in snow for better traction. If it holds up over 3 year lease then FANTASTIC car - we'll see!

dual panel moonroof, hard drive disk.

Overall style & design - clean and modern FAST, FAST, FAST Extremely Comfortable ride Touch-screen Navigation Dual panel moonroof Heated seats (ahhhhhhhh) 

Most comfortable vehicle I have ever owned....and I have back problems. Power is very good (with premium gas). Good value - Standard options make my White Toyota Camry look like a block of tofu. Gas mileage same as my wife's 4 cyl 2007 Highlander - so far. 

Interior layout, comfortable heated seats, dual moonroof, navigation system, Bluetooth, moodlighting, sound system, 

Nav system, rear camera, Bluetooth, dual moonroof, Bose sound system.

Back up camera, heated seats, roomy second row, Bose sound system. I likely wouldn't buy again given the bouncy ride quality that was painfully obvious from the first ride home. If AWD needed, I would look more closely at the new Forester, or the EX35 AWD.

Dashboard design,exterior design-best looking SUV on the road, smooth quiet ride, seats are so easy to raise and lower, love the dual sunroof, the seats are incredibly comfortable but supportive. Love the keyless entry feature-it has saved me hours in searching for my keys at the bottom of my purse!

Nav..Backup camera

Music Box, Navigation System, XM radio, looks,comfort,CVT,reliability, zero financing, overall value.

Intelligent key. Sat radio.



Bluetooth, back-up camera, Bose sound system, comfortable and quiet ride. Moonroof, although a little noisier than my previous ones opens cleanly and I have had no leaks.

Comfortable seating, precise handling,smooth transmission and overall comfort. Lots of passenger room and gadgets galore.

Large sunroof, excellent seats, great stereo, touch screen nav, easy ingress and egress, power everything. Good acceleration with the CVT.

CVT is sweet. For those who don't know CVT, go test it out and then you'll know. Push button start. Good crash ratings. 

Great sound system and a great interior. It's very peppy for a V6 and the CVT is very smooth. The LE came with everything I wanted in a vehicle.

Performance is very good along with a comfortable ride. 

AWD, memory seats, iPod connection and good HVAC. Excellent use of knobs and large buttons on the dash are nice compared to so many new cars that have micro buttons on their dashboards.

Navigation, audio system, engine & transmission, interior design and quality, space, styling.

The nav/stereo system. The backup camera actually has guidelines that move as you turn the wheels. Very creative. The nav system gives me useful options the Lexus doesn't even offer.

Seats, XM radio, ride, handling and backup camera

Great, comfortable interior and the same great brakes we have on the Altima. The SL package comes nicely equipped.

Acceleration, Bose sound system, interior feel and looks, reclining backseats.

Automatic hatch, back up camera, sunroof, iPod connection

Blue Tooth

Room inside the cabin, the powerful engine, responsive drive, very safe car, the standard options included that give us all we need, the added visibility because of how high the driver can seat inside the car. Rear visibility is not a problem. Best car for the money! Would recommend without regrets!

Nice interior with good feel qualities about it. Audio system & navigation are very good. Haven't used all of the features, but like what I've used so far. I like the aggressive look of the car & the 20inch tires on the star type rims makes for a nice touch to the car's look. 

The automatic liftgate is the whole reason I purchased the Murano. The back-up camera and the heated seats are worth every penny.

AWD (I live in Massachusetts), XM radio, my wife LOVES the Bluetooth phone connection, backup camera and automatic door lift. 

Push button start, nav system, Bose, automatic liftgate and rear seats, blue tooth, iPod. The only thing that would make the seat more comfortable would be the use of memory foam. Backup camera is terrific.

I have no one standout favorite feature, but at this moment in time because of the weather, the AWD is at the top of my list.

When running, this is a fun car to drive. Looks great. Smooth ride. The interior is awesome! Back-up cam. The Buick Dynaflow transmission (everything old is new again).

Comfort sports car like handling, iPod input, perfect size for two.

Back up camera, anti glare rear mirror, XM/Sirius

Styling, leather interior is awesome, Bose stereo system, power liftgate, rear-camera. The Premium and Tech. packages are excellent. Many toys to play with. You won't be disappointed. You'll feel like you're driving a much more expensive vehicle. 

Nav system, speakers, keyless, wireless phones, smooth ride.

Styling, interior trim, Bose sound, handling. Power up rear seat backs.

Great engine, powerful and smooth. The CVT is kind of neat and takes a little getting used to. It feels solid, the seats are very comfortable, it is a "sweet car" to drive. 

The drive, xenon headlights, tech package, leather. Wife likes the lift gate.

Build-quality, leather, xm, auto-rear liftgate, HID lights, driving position, quality materials, style.

Overall comfort, Bluetooth, stereo, exterior styling, 20" wheels, interior build quality, affordable Nissan extended 100k mile warranty with 100% refund if not used. 

Exterior styling. Interior comfort.

Dual front HVAC. Bose speakers. Rear view display in reverse.



Bose! Bluetooth, dual panel moonroof, very nice interior.

Love the music box, blue tooth, gps.

Bluetooth, Music Box, satellite radio and GPS

The Bose sound system, navigation system and the bluetooth. The dual moonroof and the keyless everything. I LOVE the HID headlights. The Merlot w/Black leather interior is SHARP!!!

Just about everything. 20 inches wheel, dual-moonroof, navigation, iPod, voice commend, keyless start. Intelligent keys. I never have to dig deep into my purse to find the key anymore.

I really enjoy all the electronic bells and whistles - i.e. gadgets. This includes the back up camera. I can back up to my trailer perfectly the first time, every time with the camera - a great convenience.

Good handling (for its class). Comfortable. Quiet (when moonroof closed). Intelligent key. Regular gas. Large moonroof. Engine and CVT. Value. Good backup camera, center stack layout and storage. Good call to skip 3rd row seat.

XM is nice, interior seating is really comfortable, nice head rests. Great acceleration. New dual sunroof is awesome

Comfort, maneuverability, steering wheel mounted audio controls. Also getting surprisingly good mileage! Interior styling is beautiful... how the cupholders neatly hide away under a brushed aluminum cover... (as an architect-type, I get amped by the interior fit & finish)

Looks, handling, interior appointments.

My favorite features: everything, from the lighting on the instrument panel and automatic wipers to the Bose entertainment system with iPod capabilities, sat radio and the music box make for endless listening capabilities. And the nav and voice command system. I have to refer to the owner's manual!

