Great fuel economy, standard side impact air bags, external styling, Toyota reliability, overall quiet ride, easy-to-use controls, funky green color makes it easy to find in parking lots.

The fuel economy is remarkable. I get between 33-39 mpg at 70 miles per hour. The inside cabin noise is very low, much quieter than a Civic. The purchase price is very reasonable. The car has great resale value and looks nice. 

XM Radio inside the dash, Aux input for iPods, good gas mileage.

None. It has an aux input, moonroof, alloys, etc...but those things are commonplace now-a-days. Again, nothing exciting. I really regret this purchase. I wish I would have bought a Civic or Mazda 3.

Fuel efficiency. I get a special parking spot at work because of it. I am getting 31 MPG. Rides smoothly on the Hiway. Vehicle stability control works very nicely during snowy or icy days. 

Fun to drive - LOVE highway gas mileage. We avg 38.3 highway/city which is amazing!

Ummm...everything!

The shape & the quietness is awesome.

excellent stereo for stock, lots of people surprised by the sound quality and loudness, and sporty looks

Gas mileage, stereo and style.

I like the MPG monitor and ext temp. I use the MP3 connector and the MP3 playing CD player constantly. Great trunk, can fit the bass amp in it nicely. Fold down seats, ABS, side airbags, awesome commuter. It's like a small Camry, how cool is that?

Love the look, great fit & finish, auxiliary jack for iPod or satellite radio, lots of room for a small car, split folding rear seats.

Comfortable, quiet and soft ride. Outstanding gas mileage. Lights turn on automatically when it gets dark. 

Great MPG. Electronic Steering. Trunk space surprising large and efficient with the 40/60 fold down back seats.

Nice looking. interior and trunk space.

Great looks, great fuel economy, roomy trunk, 1st class fit and finish, and the stereo actually sounds great with my iPod.

Auxiliary jack for iPod, automatic day/nighttime lighting in the interior, double compartment glove box

We love the fit aand finish and the styling.

 This car was a demo, and has everything: sunroof, cruise control, VSC and all the other goodies. Everything works as advertised. The car has a timing chain rather than a belt, which saves big bucks in maintenance costs. It has Variable Valve (VV2) timing on BOTH camshafts.

Reliability, good mileage, Toyota quality.

Reliability and gas mileage

How the stereo volume goes up automatically when you step on the gas/going a certain speed - and there's different levels, low, mid, and high. The windows go all the way down in the back!!! There's no hump on the floor of the back seat = extra room for backseat passengers!

Aux (for iPod), sunroof, storage compartments.

MPG and outside temp readouts, build quality, color (Barcelona Red)

MPG, ride, low road noise, MP3

MPG, sport package; steering wheel controls; stereo; looks.

Nav, XM traffic, fold down rear seats, MPG, quiet, visibility, value pricing, regular grade gas, reliability

Good stereo, good mileage, good seats. Very quiet on the road, and excellent ride.

Sun roof and MP3 player. Outside design is nice. Still has the zippy feel of other Corolla models. Has more hip room.

The aux jack for my iPod. Love the comfortable seats. The car looks really cool and sharp. The interior looks good for the money. The handling is superb. The car stops on a dime, accelerates quickly for short onramps. With a small car and tight turning radius, nothing is unpassable.

Trunk release locking car it beeps like a Lexus or VW. Telescoping and tilt feature in steering wheel. Cup holder able to remove to clean. 

Trunk space, aux/iPod port, MPG, storage.

The sound system and bluetooth are my favorite options. Love the car.

The auxiliary button enables me to listen to satellite radio and my iPod. You can also keep track of your mpg as you drive which teaches you to save gas.

JBL stereo & XM radio, Sport package & sporty looks, very quiet ride, good handling on wet or dry roads, and good gas mileage.

Gas mileage, lights, sound system, did I mention gas mileage? Curtain airbags (standard!!).

My favorite features are the Bluetooth and stereo system.

Easy to drive, quiet, roomy interior and trunk, good gas mileage.

It's fun to drive when it is running like it should. Like the mpg.

Easy steering, easy to use radio system, great gas mileage in our city, which is ridiculous, is averaging 30+ weekly! Yeay!

Leather interior, moonroof, sight lines are very good, acceleration is decent. Overall of a good car for a shorter person.

Boomin' stereo system, sleek exterior design. GREAT night time vision- headlights are awesome! Spoilers, sunroof, mpg, overall reliability, storage compartments and trunk space

5 speed manual, CD radio, A/C, comfortable interior.

JBL w/bluetooth, moonroof, spoiler, interior. Many places to put things, top-bottom 2 glove compartment. plenty of backseat space. Love the style of the interior and exterior. I really don't have a thing that I don't like about it. Contact me if you have any questions

Very reliable, superb gas mileage, and the mpg feedback readouts help that immeasurably.

The iPod aux port, trip computer, great 1.8L engine!

Love the easy feeling of the steering wheel. The whole looks of the car is very sporty and doesn't feel or look small.

Push button start, keyless entry, comfort, quietness, iPod/MP3 capability, fuel efficiency and exterior looks of the car. 

Gas mileage for a car that can comfortably take 4-5 people without anyone feeling phobic, standard aux, stereo, 

Driving position, fuel economy, brightness of headlights at night, duel glove boxes, trip computer on dash.

The auxiliary port for my iPod, the stylish exterior and interior, and of course the gas mileage. I also love all the storage compartments.

IPod jack, split glove compartment, sporty styling, silver accents, telescopic steering wheel, alloy wheels, spoiler and grounds effect package.

Gas mileage

MPG is tops. The interior design makes you feel you are driving a much larger car. Great safety features. We really like the automatic headlights and the programmable door locks.

Great gas mileage, easy to drive.

Gas mileage! Averaging 32-34 around town. XM radio. Ride comfort. Ice cold air conditioner.

Vehicle stability control, gas mileage, styling, handling, and overall package.

I do favor using ordinary key to start the engine. Only entry model fits the bill which was equipped with an air conditioning and cruise as an option.

Optional stereo and gas mileage!

JBL w/ Bluetooth and XM, foglights, excellent night driving light brightness, comfy driver seat, good Mpg so far at 31-35 or so, sunroof, Toyo build quality, color.

Fuel economy; safety features including stability, traction, rear side curtains & active headrests; tilt & telescoping steering column; fuel economy display; XM radio.

Good gas mileage. Fun to drive. Easy to handle.



Mileage display lets you know your average MPG. Sits and rides relatively high for good visibility.

Styling, reputation, fuel economy, driving position, MP3 input

I like the looks of the S package. The interior has a nice and sporty feel. Overall price for performance is very good. Lights are extremely bright and cover the area you need when driving dark back roads. Brakes are exceptional. Oh, did I mention the 35 mpg!?

Fuel economy, MPG and trip computer, and the flat floor for the back seat. The telescoping steering wheel is a nice touch. Also I like the historical reputation of Toyota.

MPG and MPG display. Fancier taillights and sportier front-end.



I love the styling, love the drive and compfort. Looks like a baby Camry and gets great mpg. Very large trunk for a compact and very good space up front.

With the S we got the black Interior, and that along with the Bluetooth are our favorite features. And we really like the JBL stereo, it sounds great.

Excellent MPG.

Safety ratings, fuel economy, peppy acceleration, very smooth quiet ride, assembly quality.

The clock/temp feature includes current mpg, average mpg, and lots of other nice features.

Quiet ride; really like having an MPG gauge though NOT on multi function as it is on this car.

I like the comfort and the gas mileage. The styling is nice, too. 

Interior fabric. Exterior styling and color. Love the adjustable steering wheel just wish it would come out a little farther. Sound system is great. Yellow dash lighting. Comfortable seats. 

Airbags galore. I also like the extra horse power over the stock. It is more noticeable at speeds between 0-30 mph and 70-100 mph. I don't know exactly why? Maybe the 30-70 mph is the mpg sweet spot and they toned it down in that range. I test drove the S in automatic for comparison.

Great fuel mileage. Nice quiet ride. I really like the body style and the compact radio antenna, looks quality The dual glove compartments is nice and so is the keyless entry. I like the mileage computer but it's not accurate. The radio and CD player sound pretty good to me. The radio works well. 

Gas mileage, looks, peppy.

Fuel economy, quietness of cabin. Smooth acceleration. Trip computer.

Love the mpg and how quiet it is. Love the 6 disc player and I love the way it sounds.

Audio controls on steering wheel, sport fabric, sporty look, fun to drive, MPG (34+), auto headlights, foglamps

Body design, automatic headlights, moonroof, roomy trunk for a small car.





Automatic headlights. Outside temperature guide. Keyless entry. Awesome key. Average mpg meter.

Love the MP3/WMA stereo. The car handles well on the highway.

Gas mileage!! Telescoping wheel and great looking body.

The interior is very spacious (I'm 6'3", 220 lbs), the gearbox is sexy, full sport package (everything you can want is included), Tiptronic is a dream (don't bother getting manual because this is a FIVE speed automatic!), blue color is young, fresh, unique, aggressive exterior look, very comfortable

Fuel economy, ride/handling compromise, build quality, paint.

Fuel economy, performance from the 1.8L engine, new body design and the value for the dollar ratio. Toyota reliability!!

Quiet and decently powerful engine, smooth transmission, decent stereo, great color combinations, and gas mileage

I love the excellent fuel mileage and extra glove compartment. 

Automatic allows manageable down shifting.

Moonroof, radio controls on steering wheel, and the seat fabric

MPG, handling, ride comfort

Great a/c, generous trunk space, stability control lends a velvety smooth feel to the steering, glare reducing rear view mirror is great, two power outlets in front storage and ashtray area convenient. 



My favorite feature is the clock, you think it is just a clock but, it is also an outside thermometer, an mpg gauge, and much more.

Leather wrapped steering wheel and JBL sound system, exterior looks aren't bad either.

Nice interior. Very smooth ride. Bluetooth. A lot more space. Good sound system (JBL).

I like the radio, it comes with 6 cd, enough room in the back, seat can adjust from lower to higher. I save a lot of gas. Very comfortable.

All the storage places, even a sunglass compartment, 2 gloveboxes, storage in console, big pockets on back of front seats for atlas, map pockets in doors. Good acceleration and maneuverability. Excellent stereo system with 8 speakers. All the information available on the dashboard (MPG, temp, range).

TElescopic steering wheel, and the wrap around sports seats. So far the JBL stereo bumps also by the way nice added plus.

Body style, interior of the XLE, large trunk space, MP3 jack, ease of driving, power moon roof, dual glove boxes

Excellent fuel economy and resale value down the road.

Bluetooth, navigation system, auto seats, sunroof.

Sleekness of the new design, navigation as an option, aux for the iPod, heated mirrors, alloy wheels, maintenance indicators. 

Toyota delivered in spades with its impressive ride, handling, quiet interior and MPG. My Toyota came with aluminum rims, tinting, cruise control, and a cd sound system that is satellite radio ready, a jack for my MP3 player. Big trunk, double glove box. A great value for under 20k. Love it!

Mileage, comfortable cabin, tight turning radius, ride... Nice for an econo car.

Upholstery is much better than before. You don't get Toyota's legendary static shock treatment. Nice Camry-like exterior styling. Comfortable and roomy inside. Huge trunk space. Great mileage on the freeway. Extraordinary quiet on the freeway.

Comfortable seats, gas mileage and trunk space.



6 disc changer, automatic headlights, sunroof.

Handling, gas mileage, stereo, style

I like the styling of the S. My brother in law knew I had bought a Corolla, and when he saw it, he said, very surprised "that's a Corolla?" The features for the money are amazing. 

Styling, performance, economy, features. The electronic steering some complain about is only an adjustment to make in your driving style, no problem. Arm rest too low? Use your lap. Can't build one car for all people's sizes. IPod dock is great as is the Bluetooth.



mileage, expanded interior room, remote trunk release added to LE models, single key wireless remote

Body style, seats, rims, JBL sound system, saftey features standard, clear third brake lens.

Moon roof, traction control, interior space for a man my size is unbelievable. Gas mileage.

Aero kit, headlights on S model, bluetooth, great city mpg, quiet everything.

Clean, new look on the outside, and the smooth, VERY quiet ride - little road noise. Gas mileage 

Design, fit and finish, quality, etc.

The gas mileage! So far, I have put 1400 miles on the car and averaged 38 on the highway. If the 1.8 liter engine and 4 speed transmission sustain Toyota's reputation for reliability, then this car should be on the road for a very long time.

Auxiliary plug in for my iPod and the heated exterior mirrors.

JBL audio system w/Bluetooth, handling, mileage, interior design, standard safety features. 

Fuel economy, quiet ride. automatic lights nice.

Sporty gauges, queit ride, and can be fun to drive! 

Fog lights and rear spoiler and sunroof.

None.

Smooth 5 spd manual, blast to drive, plenty of torque and the car looks so Awesome! 

The color, I suppose.

Style (exterior). Upgraded interior cloth on seats. Smooth and stable ride. 

Great fuel economy, loads of room, excellent ride and fun to drive.

Safety 6 air bags. Std and auto head rest actuators for whiplash. CD/radio and sound system, auto headlights dusk sensor, keyless entry and trunk release & panic built into key, dual glove compartment, both rear seats drop dwn for added trunk space, plenty of beverage holders for all passengers.

Headlight features are very cool. Front Leg room very good.

Sporty redesign, JBL Audio system, handling, mileage, interior design (it has a million storage compartments!), standard safety features.

Love the two reading lights that came with my LE. My wife loves to read on long journey and now she can even read at night.

Alloys, sound system is awesome for stock.

Bluetooth, aux input for my iPod, seats, outer styling, interior color (I really like the charcoal with the blue fleck), quietness and smoothness of ride, overall pep.

Price! Fuel economy! New styling! I went with the Magnetic Gray/Charcoal Corolla S w/the Sport package, all weather package, VSC, sunroof & floormats.

Day time running lights, and the sound system sounds awesome for the price paid.

Stability and traction control, interior design and ergonomics. Even though it doesn't list automatic headlights, they actually are. Great looks (I got white).

Multi-function in-key remote keyless entry system with lock, unlock, trunk- release, panic and remote illuminated entry features, direct tire pressure monitor system. Body style.

MPG, VSC, alloys, keyless entry. The trunk is huge for a compact car! Love the trunk space for my crap!!

The handling and driving experience are more positive than some of the reviews I have read. It feels more like my 1996 VW Golf. The sound system sounds great, and acceleration is a bit better than in the 2007, best if you turn off the stability and traction control. The brakes are better, too.

MPG. Dependability. Built in Japan. Alloy wheels. Keyless entry and VSC. The exterior looks.

Fuel mileage, handling, smooth ride

The body, new sporty head light design and body kit that looks aftermarket. Hands free bluetooth totally cool and easy to set up.

Average mpg, distance to empty, outdoor temp, multifunction display area... nice to know these things.

I love where I can place my ipod in the car, the wood grain look, the double glove compartment, the overall comfort.

Bluetooth, JBL stereo system with the 6 CD changer, XM radio, plug for an iPod or other electronics, and phone and audio controls on the steering wheel are just awesome. Dual glove compartment nice also. 

Comfort, quiet, roomy, ability to get into the car without contorting one's body or hitting one's head, and of course, economy and careful build. 

Barcelona red metallic paint and S package with 17" alloys. The looks!!!! And gas mileage with dual VVT-i.

exterior design, great mileage, auto lights, IPOD aux, air bags

Quality. Fuel Mileage. Everything.

MPG, AC works very well, surprised at pickup and ride... Tilt / telescoping wheel a big plus... Great turning radius... Parking is no problem after driving a F250 Crew Cab Long Bed Fx4

Look, leather steering wheel, aux for the ipod, no center hump in the backseat, smooth ride, comfortable and fun to drive!

handling, fog lights, MP3 outlet

Stylish.

Gas Mileage

Fog lights, MPG, Auto light on, Clock, Trip calculator, Exterior, Roomier and Larger in its class, breaking, VSC, Traction Control, Toyota 

Aux for iPOD, fold in review mirrors (for city parking), trunk space, spacious interior

Excellent turning radius with the electric steering...until that goes for me too!

Car has adequate power and pep and is fun to drive; gives 30MPG all round driving avg.

Mpg. On-board computer that calculates avg mpg, instantaneous mpg, avg mph, range. Outside temperature display. Steering wheel audio control. 2 glove compartments. Exterior look. Interior styling.

Headlights/Tailights, Grill, Cd Player/Radio is high quality.

Style (S Model). Eye appeal. Economy (MPG). 





Roof, reasonable looking alloys and body kit without being boy-racer or tacky, radio is actually decent too. I couldn't live w/out the iPod connection. MPG!

The MP3 plugin. 

Rear wing, fog lights, 2.4L engine, automatic shifter, stereo, underbody spoilers, xm radio ready, more comfortable seats, moonroof, avg mpg gauge, outside temp, and most especially the body kit (exterior of the car) is very muscular by comparison to previous models. 

Exterior design, sporty, heated mirrors, safety features like VSC and ABS, roomy, MPG, price.

Fuel economy, stereo, glovebox.

Exterior body. Front, tail and fog lights. Moonroof, MPG. Sports suspension. Seats for this model are comfortable. Light/Dark sensor. Auto/Off feature. Safety features. Styling.

Exterior shape, instrument panel, comfortable and smooth city ride, great mileage

Attractive appearance.



The car ride isn't too stiff or too soft. The seats are very comfortable, especially on long trips. The car interior, is very roomy. The brakes feel great. The engine is quiet, and very fuel efficient. The cd player sounds great. 

Comfortable, stylish, eye appeal

Exterior and interior appearance, MPG.

MPG is good and the car parks well and is good for going to the corner store but as far as taking a road trip you can forget it.

sporty looks, radio, peppy engine

the exterior design is fine, the interior is not great at all

The only best thing about the car is the MPG. But does not correctly show the correct fuel consumption.

Manual gas cover and trunk release. Seat comfort, larger size. 

It was cheap. 

Interior design and quality...very pleasant interior, quality, ride, fuel mileage..

I like being able to plug in my Ipod. The new design looks great.

Quality. Gas mileage. Pleasant interior.

I love my sunroof, bluetooth, steering wheel mounts and XM/MP3/6 cd changer.

Clock, turning ratio, quiet cabin easy controls, excellent visibility.

Price

Fuel mileage.

Strong brakes, peppy engine, styling, comfort of seats in the S model, large trunk especially with the with fold down seats, (my son's wheel chair fits without folding them down), nice sound system, averaging 29 mpg city/hwy pretty much keep my foot in it too... good acceleration

Fit and finish, peppy engine. Good gas mileage. 

Driving comfort. Headlights; especially the high beams. Fit and finish. Interior layout. Bluetooth phone capability. The car's ability to soak up uneven/rough pavement.

Gas mileage

Pretty good ride, good mileage, nice gauges (XLE only ? I hate the amber color).

Mileage; illuminated ignition key ring; nice gauges (XLE only ? I hate the amber)

Gas mileage and large trunk, back seats laying down to accept bigger objects.

Sharp appearance for a little car. The gas mileage is very nice. Reliability and quality so far is top notch. Handling and ride is not bad for a small car and performance is fine for 90% of everyday driving needs. Stereo system is not bad and I like the information system for temp, MPG, E/T

Fuel efficiency. Stereo and speakers (great sound!). Exterior design. Easy to use interior features.

Very good MPG in my opinion. I think the Corolla exterior looks nice.

Tells you your gas average, temp, speed average, how many miles you have left until you run out of gas and it has aux output.

Safety features, average fuel economy display (although, it's always higher than when I calculate by hand).

Trip computer, excellent fuel mileage, seats on the "S" model are much better than base models. Virtually no wind or road noise at 70mph. We hope to get at least 10-15 years service out of this one for the money its hard to beat for a daily commuter occasional road trip vehicle.

Fun city car

Like the seats and driving position. The controls are easier to use than the Accord. Like the split glove box and the clock where it is located is no problem. I find the arm rest is fine also although that seems to be a problem for some.

The JBL stereo with ability to plug in my iPod, utilize bluetooth devices, in particular my phone. The amount of information to get to know, additionally the fuel economy and lack of anything actually wrong with the car. 

The 1.8 engine and auto transmission are flawless, and the Continental tires are of high quality with a 540 tread-wear rating, unusual in this price range.

Mileage, looks (S model). Fun to drive in nicer weather.

Fuel efficiency, seat comfort, quiet, build quality.

Comfortable seats, very nice stereo, very easy to use cruise control.

Fuel efficient. 

I love the wood trim, it goes great with the silver exterior. CD player and audio is great. No bump in the back for more passenger room. Great trunk size with foldable backseats. Daytime auto light, auto lock when reverse, keyless entry & trunk option. Door knobs & Exterior look. 

Daytime running lights w/ head/tail lights that turn on when it gets dark. Bright headlights & fog lights make nighttime driving easier. Mix of city/hwy driving has averaged 31 mpg. Large HVAC buttons. MP3 disc player w/ 6 speakers. Vehicle stability control, side curtain airbags, std. ABS.

The 2.4L powerplant. Spacious interior. Look. Handling (despite the weird-feeling drive-by-wire steering wheel). 

Smooth engine, great MPG, excellent styling, JBL stereo is loud and full of bass, nice wheels, subdued orange/amber gauge lighting, 2 car chargers, 2 Glove boxes, huge trunk opening, cold AC, small cubbies next to center stack to hold your cell phone.

The s model design.

Interior design, decent sound from factory 6-speaker system. XM radio, smooth ride, great looks, price. Should I go on?

Comfortable seats, telescopic steering wheel, electronic power steering, double glove-box, curtain airbags



