large glove box. car handles smoothly.

Sunroof, look, comfortable interior, for a small engine it has some nice pickup

Accelerates good for 4 cylinders. Roomy. Enough space in the trunk to bring all gds from Costco. Steady ride uphill on 65-70 mph. Relatively quiet on smooth roads. Seats shaped OK. Stops good. Observation: it feels like many (any car) reviews you can find on-line are hidden promotions actually. No?

Huge glove box, bluetooth and cargo pop up for groceries.

Looks, handling, seating room, fit and finish, Bose audio system, interior convenience features, uses regular gasoline, continuously variable transmission.



BOSE..........

awd in the winter, awesome handling!

Exterior design. Fuel mileage. Interior comfort. Good ride for a smaller cross over. 

XM, Style, Leather seats. Great comfy driving. You are at 80 mph before you know it and it does not seem like it. The new "no gears" transmission is really cool

Bose stereo.

AWD, Gas mileage (average 29), bright headlights, buttons on steering wheel, bright & clear instrument cluster in dash, stereo, fit & finish, strong a/c, cornering, turning radius, love having my turn signals independent of the brake lights, I believe I will have this car for a l-o-n-g time!

The options are great, the Bluetooth works and is very clear , the confort is very good for the class and nope it's not a Caddy . The fuel economy is better than expected given the performance.

Quiet ride, gas mileage, interior setup is very well made up, aux jack is nice

Again, I have EVERY extra available but the only feature I am impressed with is the Bose sound system. 

the bells and whistles on my fully loaded model - most of which I could do without in lieu of a safer car ex. bluetooth, intellikey, sat radio, heated leather, navigation system

Styling, layout of interior, mileage (23-24 mpg in the first 2 tanks of gas with mostly city driving)

One touch sunroof. Versatility. Safety of AWD and the traction and braking assists. The electric assist steering. Adjustable headlights for when towing that pop up camper. 

Inside space. Smooth drive. I like the automatic car lock.

Smooth ride with good power. No one knows this is a 4 cyl. because it is so responsive and hardly ever whines except on the steepest grades, but my Pathfinder did that occasionally and it was a 6 cyl. Interior is clean. Feels like a cockpit. Buttons and knobs are easy to use.

Not really.

-The CVT transmission -The high gas mileage -Extemely quiet inside -spacious interior for such a small CUV -Very smooth and comfortable ride

Car like handling and acceleration married to low-demand utility capabilities and fuel economy; very comfortable seats and arms support for driver; nice overall look but too similar to Murano; even "S" trim level should satisfy needs of most drivers.

Bluetooth, Paddle Shifters, Bose sound system, the ride!

The rear compartment is very roomy for a small SUV. The glove compartment is very large for storage. The AWD adds to what I believe is already excellent handling. We love how the CVT transmission handles.

Love the bluetooth and the boise radio, seats are comfortable. Very nice even on the highway. Gas mileage is pretty right on.

car feeling, stereo, The pep it has in the city, and on the road,automatic/manual option,style.

Space inside but not a boat, It drives like a sports car!

BOSE sound system, AWD, blue tooth, easy to maneuver, sporty style

The black interior is sleek, the back windshield wiper is nice to have, the Ipod aux feature is handy, big glove compartment, handy compartments in trunk, rear privacy windows, fold down seats and variable AWD. THe exterior is attractive.

Bluetooth, HIDs, BOSE stereo, I-Key

Handling, love the leather interior, AUX plug in for Ipod, storage space

AWD, great in the snow!

Like the CVT, gas mileage, garage remote link, eletrochromatic rear view, and pop-up storage in rear deck,

Gas Milage 

Leather interior, Bose sound system, heated seats, mirror compass, huge glove box, power seats, lumbar support, keyless entry, xm radio, aux jack for Ipod, color (iridium graphite)

I love the leather seats,the Bose stereo, AWD, moon roof. I love love love the smart key.

Style/price , smartkey entry (very cool), nimble/peppy, keeps up nicely on highway, comfortable seats, Bose system

Looks sharp. Nice ride. Quiet. Great feel to steering. All wheel drive is excellent - comparable to Audi quattro.

Slick exterior, smooth and quiet ride, spacious, good gas mileage, bigger vehicle but still zips around like a car. 

Bluetooth, Bose system, heated seats, quiet ride and interior fit and finish.

Bose radio, solid feel, fuel economy, peppy acceleration. comfortable ride.

Sporty, stylish. Lots of room, front and back. Great handling. Comfortable, quiet ride. Cool cargo compartment. Great fuel economy. Also has a lot of accelerating power for a 4 cylinder. 

Simple stylish controls. Plentiful storage. Sleek exterior. Keyless entry. Rear pop-up cargo compartment. Homelink system. Smooth ride. Heated seats.

Quiet drive, tight turning radius, center console for storage, purse hook in the back, good acceleration for a 4 cylinder, 

Seating, audio, ride, handling, exterior design

Smart key. Bluetooth. Controls on steering wheel. Comfort of seats. Smooth ride.

Fit & finish, handling, 5-star crash rating, great sound from radio, great illumination inside, comfortable and firm cloth seats, moon roof, keyless system, headlights & rear nicely bright! Ample room in back! Good MPG - I average 30 highway! I like the car computer - would like it better with compass.

XM radio, heated seats sunroof and bluetooth as well as the CVT. 

HID headlights, Bose sound, "smart" AWD (only AWD when it's needed), Comfort, quiet, styling, CVT is so smooth, fuel economy, blue tooth, steering wheel mounted controls, smart key

Heated seats; moon/sunroof; radio quality; controls literally at your fingertips; Bluetooth compatibility.

Bluetooth is really awesome, and the Bose system is amazing, the integrated key is crazy!

Steering, ride and handling, comfortable seats, strong headlights and secure feeling in heavy rain on turnpike. High resale value. 

Overall build quality. Quiet cabin. Smooth engine/transmission. Price/performance - that's why I titled this review "Nissan's best kept secret" - I seriously doubt you can find more bang for the buck in this category. Keyless entry/bluetooth cellular are very, very cool features and work well.

Comfort, quiet, awd, stereo. Very, very good on gas!

