Backup camera in navi screen. Large rotary knobs for temp control and stereo. Keyless start, power hatch door. Clear instrument dials and no reflection under the sun. Foldable 2nd row center seat and hide away for 3rd row entry. Puddle lamps to enter and exit the car.

Interior controls, storage, leg room on all rows, powerful engine and quiet ride.

Safety and fuel efficient 4 cylinder. Second Row air conditioner vents. 

Interior, exterior, gas mileage. Love the little LED that just barely illuminates the console area. Second row seats are fantastic.

Soft, Plush ride. Super cold air conditioner. Many large storage areas. It's as fast if not faster than the BMW 325. Headroom for driver. Tilting second row seat. 

Keyless entry, push to start, and touch screen navigation with blue tooth.

Workmanship (Built in Japan)...quality is tops...extremely comfortable driving position...plenty of interior space...V6 has more than enough power

Fuel economy, comfort/luxury feel of limited interior. JBL stereo with bluetooth is awesome the handsfree is huge safety feature and worth expense. Rear camera is fantastic and wife loves security when backing the vehicle.

Back up camera is a good safety feature. Love the glove box-holds everything the wife throws in and then has room for what belongs there. Auto tailgate and the simplified fold down seat controls are my favorites. Keyless ignition nice. Ride is excellent. For Mid-Atlantic region FWD is all you need.

Smart Key, bluetooth, auto rear door, multi zone AC

Interior is very spacious and comfortable.

Third Row seat room. Quality of interior design. Tow capability of 5000 lbs. Form Fit and function. Room inside. Ride and Power. Cup holders, space for items, glove box and so on. 

The 4 cylinder.

Sunroof, rear view camera, styling, good gas mileage, ability to open rear glass hatch.

I love the auto lift gate, the heated seats, heated mirrors and the large cargo area.

Electric seat, Stereo, quiet cabin, dual control A/C for driver and passenger, separate A/C for rear passengers, rear window hatch opens separate of the tailgate. Backup camera. The option to turn on running light and lastly auto lights off after 30 seconds. 

Exterior styling is impressive, bluetooth, audio and power liftgate and most of all Smart Key.

Ride comfort, cup holders.

Simplicity in folding down the rear seats. Power back hatch open/close is very nice. 

The vehicle drives like a dream. Feels good on the road with lots of power.

Quiet & smooth ride. Front and back leg room. Toyota quality. A little better than expected fuel economy. Bluetooth, hands-free phone, fuel monitoring tools, JBL speakers, auto- lift rear door, rear window opens independent of door, good window viewing, nice leather, good cup holders, headroom.

Ride comfort, cup holders that actually work, rear seat arrangements, rear seat space... and the usuals with added options.

The exterior and interior look, the center removable/changeable console, the large glove box and the third row which folds to give a huge cargo area. Also the auto rear opening door.

JBL stereo, leather with heated seats, moonroof. The interior has a high quality feel and a very quiet ride. My wife loves the luxury touches such as power liftgate, push button start and entry system.

Value, reliability

Back-up camera, MP3 compatible sound system, temperature control, quiet and smooth ride. 

V6 Power, Adjustable 2nd Row Seating, Easy access to 3rd row, Ability to open back hatch glass on Sport model, Interior Room, One touch fold down seats, Larger Tires.

Several things I really like, the smart key is one of those things you don't think you really need until you have it, comes in really handy...The opening rear glass is nice, something that GMC could have put in along with a decent transmission.. Engine is very smooth and has plenty of power.

Simplicity, Reliability and Safety Standards, Fuel Efficient...perfect 10.

Power driver seat makes adjustments easy between drivers.

Sunroof and ability to plug in Ipod. Room in the backseat where kids in car seats are not close up to the front seats.

Cargo space is just right for carting two dog crates plus 3 passengers. Keyless entry and start system. Electric lift gate and rear hatch in lift gate.

Smooth Ride, Plenty of Power

power driver seats, 2nd and 3rd row seats, large space for cargo

Front seat comfort. Driving characteristics are superb with lots of power and great handling.

19" rims, power lift gate, smart key, blue tooth

mp3 player, heated seats, power lift gate, backup camera, adjustable drivers seat, large side mirrors.

The Blizzard white color is very nice. Drives like a Lexus without the $$$$

Interior, extra cup holders, and dome to center console light. Third row seating is a plus.

Nav system, power rear door, heated seats

Interior.

Moonroof, manual shift capability, dual climate control (all optional)

