Smooth ride, nice exterior and interior.

Auto-lift gate

Overall styling is nice. We love the color, Brandywine. Wife loves the power tailgate and rain sensing windshield wipers. 

Heated seats are very comfortable. Fold down seat options in back are helpful for maximizing space. 

Ride, automatic rear door, driver passenger auto tint and tiltdown mirrors.

design

The AWD is a nice feature if you live in portions of the country, where the winter gets bad. The bluetooth is also a nice feature, allowing you to communicate hands free. The 6 disc changer is also nice. The exterior design gives a nice sporty look, while the interior makes it feel luxurious

Fit and finish is quite nice, performance seems quite good for an SUV.

Everything! I was thinking about personalizing my license plate to read, "XLNTRIDE".

My four wheel drive RX zips around in the worst weather. Great Lexus quality and reliability. I had a Levinson system on my 430 and do not have one now - I cannot detect much difference in sound quality. It was nice to save about $4,000. 

Nav system, Blue Tooth systems are first rated. Interior furnishing is awesome. The sound system is by far the best we experience on similar vehicle.

Power rear lift gate, full power adjustments on front passenger seat. V rated tires on 18" wheels provide better turning response than on earlier models but, amazingly, the suspension provides a smoother ride.

I love the back door. I like the privacy screen. I like the nav. system. It is easy to park. I like the seat size.

Comfort, balance of fuel economy and power, brakes, interior room, overall efficiency of package, reliability.

reliability, comfort and nice appointments within the base price of the automobile

Self-leveling HID headlamps. Electric hatch closer. Rain-sensing wipers. Driver's cup holder next to the AC vent. Multiple adjustments of the rear seat. Extra storage under the cargo floor. Illuminated door sills. Sliding center console. Blackened wood trim. Information center.

Bluetooth, sound system, power liftgate, adaptive HID lights, comfortable rear seats and fit and finish.

Cup holders! My previous car had horrible cup-holders, but this one is great. Also it's my first SUV ever, so I like the height. 

Navi, adaptive lights, seats, luggage space, rear camera. Fit and finish, quietness and smooth ride.

Engine; navigation; bluetooth; air suspension & 18" wheels & tires; addition of knee airbag to safety equipment.

High intensity discharge (HID), headlamps with adaptive front lighting system (AFS). The addition of an WMA/MP3 capable CD player. I really like the Pebble Beach Edition wheels... very cool.

The inside engineering including the navigation and the liftgate.

Extremely comfortable, very quiet, love the Bluetooth, the backseat is the roomiest I have ever seen in any vehicle and the backseat moves back and forth. Too many favorites to list.

Full logic cassette deck. Keep it in future models too. Fully integrated blue tooth feature is great for the cell phone.

Navigation system--they finally removed the "lawyer screen" that required punching "I agree" every time one started the car. The power liftgate is a real convenience too.

The power tailgate is great. I also love the navigation system. It's the best I've seen and it's easy to use. There is also plenty of storage.

Nav/backup camera, adaptive headlights, fit/finish.

