Sound system, heated seats, vista roof, reclining rear seats, powerfolding seats. 

Panoramic roof, backup sensors,sync,ride

vista roof, sync system better than onstar due to bluetooth connection, ride quality - visibility- backup sensors, automatic tail gate - seat configuration, seat comfort I am 6ft 240lbs, chrome wheels, very good headlights and fog lights,tight steering - spot car like, very comfortable for long rides

Synch providing Satellite radio, navigation, Bluetooth, & current gas prices in the area you're in. Great sound system. Exterior design with chrome, shiny coat of paint, and head turning 20" rims. Panoramic roof.

Looks good and has smooth quiet ride

Digital dash

Panoramic roof, exterior look



stereo,moonroof.ambient lighting nice at night

The technology is AWESOME, the car is roomy, lot's of storage space, the sound systems is AWESOME, the drivers seat has a great view around, Satellite radio is cool, the sun roof is nicccccccccccccce.

Panoramic Sun Roof; The Sync System is awesome!; Very roomy and comfortable inside; Heated front seat are great for those cold days; DVD system is great for long drives. 

Panoramic roof, sound system, interior in general.Nice and quiet ride.Sync,door security system, 

Sync system, confort, looks and a good price.

Navigation system with Sync, outside mirrors with blind spot inserts, sound system and plenty of room front and back.

I like the SYNC and the power liftgate. I also added a remote start to it which will be nice in the hot Texas summers. The cargo area has plenty of space for hauling especially when you put down the rear seats and fold the passenger seat foreword.

Looks, comfort, vista roof (no need for air deflector, it's built in already), sync, sound system and ambient lighting.

Nav/Sync, Vista roof, factory 22" wheels & body kit, and tight suspension.

Built-in 10G hard drive for music files! Touch-screen display; Sync system; 20" chrome wheels; power lift gate; heated seats; comfortable, smooth, quiet ride.

