pop up navigation, built in 40 gig hard drive, ipod jack, bose speakers have excellent sound, the ultraview roof, back up sensors, bluetooth, heated and air cooled seats, the clock is beautiful gives it that little extra, the car has great handling and performs like a champ! I could go on.

The interior and exterior design. Build quality and reliability. Performance. Low cost to own. FUN to drive. Sporty while retaining a premium car's luxury and class.

Ride quality, performance, distinctive exterior styling, and first-class interior styling. Corners ferociously. BIG horse power from a naturally aspirated V6. I get to say "Damn right it's a Cadillac!" a lot.

The car looks good, but as we've discovered, looks aren't everything! All this technology with ambient lighting and head lights that follow the steering is wonderful if you don't mind the service issues. We're not happy and just can't encourage anyone to go out and buy one. Sorry!

Pop-up Nav... Awesome!! I-pod docking station.... Awesome- again! Interior design is second to none! Did I mention this thing hauls butt...for a V6!! Competitive Racing mode Rocks!

The overall impression of the cabin makes for a pleasant driving experience. The ambient lighting is a nice touch. You do have to have the dash lights set to bright to fully appreciate it. You can get used to the XM radio without the advertisements and useless banter. 

Overall handling, interior styling, *Fast* GPS, iPod integration, braking, AWD system, adaptive front lighting, UltraView sunroof... just an amazing car!

Pop up Nav, power everything, ambient lighting, power, highway ride. Almost everything is great. Oh, and stereo too, wow, very nice.

Interior layout and function. Pop-up Nav screen is neat, as well as the perimeter lighting at dash and footwells.

Styling, fit & finish, GPS with OnStar with split screen including ease of use, air cooled seats (I live in AZ), fold-down rear seat, sound system, diagnostic system with real-time information, monthly reporting, dash board, superb ride and handling and acceleration. The dealer was the best also.

power, size, color, on star, onboard cell phone, handling, comfort

When you get on it, she goes! Handling is great! Appearence!

I got the middle of the road in added features so I would say the whole car is my Favorite Feature.

The door opens so I can get out.

The ride and speed, French stitched leather sets, interior design, the sheer luxury of the car. 

When the car was in my driveway instead of in the shop it looked good. Unfortunately that wasn't very often.

Engine and drive train

Heated&Cooled seats. Pop up Nav Screen. Regular Gas. Dual Sunroof. Remote start. Keyless entry/starting. rear sensors. Get up and go. Comftorable. Huge Trunk. HID lights that pivot. wood Grain & stitched leather is to die for. Brakes & Handiling are excellent.

Seats are perfect, unlike the German rocks we had to sit on for 2 years. Absolutely love the night lighting interior, and awesome handling.

Everything, including the sculpted looks of the exterior and the well technological extras you get such as Sat Nav, (pops up from center console), Keyless entry/exit and start, 40 GB hardrive, heated/cooled seating, remote start, great fuel economy on regular gas. I have the AWD 3.6 DI. 304 HP.

The design-appearance and handling are fantastic. The fit and finish are world class. The sound system is very good. 

Nav screen (size), real time traffic, I POD controls, 40 GB HD, manual shift feature, smooth ride.



I love the double sized sunroof. Fold down rear seats hold 2 full bags of ice hockey equipment. Plenty of room! 3-4 golf bags, no sweat! The mileage on a recent 2500 mile road trip was better than advertised even with speed limit +10 most of the way. Very Comfortable car! Touch screen NAV/Sound

Getting 23.5-24mpg in the city with regular gas. That 6-Speed Manual Transmission! 40Gig HD for music. Doublewide sunroof. Heated/cooled seats. Lights that follow the road around corners. Turning radius. Carbon fiber instead of wood inlay around cabin. Leather! People turning their heads to look!

Excellent handling and ride quality. Fit and finish is above par. Drop dead beautiful styling. 

iPod interface, huge NAV screen with speech recognition, adjusting head lights in turns, did I mention smooth and quiet??

My favorite feature on this car is the dashboard. There are a great deal of features on it without being overwhelming. Controls are stylish and user friendly. It is just like the rest of the car, classy and stunning.

Pop up nav, 10 speaker surround sound, 40gig hard drive, rain sensing wipers, interior perfection stitched leather and ambient lighting on dash unreal! This is not my grandfathers caddy!

Handling is excellent, The interior is well laid out, plenty of Power. The overall quality of the vehicle is great both inside and out. A world class vehicle. ONSTAR is a great feature, especially the turn by turn navigation feature.

Did not think I needed OnStar, because I have a nav system. After the trip, I love OnStar! The CTS driver info display is great. It integrates OnStar, nav and audio to give turn-by-turn directions. OnStar sends monthly report on vehicle maintenance. Fit and finish, interior & exterior lights are great.

The 40 Gig hard drive for downloading music. The navigation system is top notch. Hands-free phone works better than the Acura TL's that I had. 

Exterior design, AWD

Best interior in its class by far. Just beautiful. Materials are top notch. Well laid out intrument panel and controls. I really like the lights you can see in the rearview mirror which work with the back up sensors. They very accurately let you know how close you are to objects behind you.

Heated and cooled seats, interior, plenty of power. Overall, beautiful car inside and out. Maintenance is low cost on this car compared to other luxury cars. And you can rotate and balance these tires.

Pop up nav screen with XM real time traffic is outstanding.

Drive experience - horsepower, torque, AWD Amazing looks (Crystal Red Tintcoat looks great on this car). Nav system. Ipod interface, 40G hard drive. Heated seats warm up very fast. Remote start is a great feature. Adaptive headlights. Interior ambient lighting at night is very cool 

Microsoft's integration of navigation, Bluetooth and Onstar. Fully fold down rear seat (unavailable in the Lexus GS350 or the Acura TL). Efficiency of DI which increases performance and still runs on regular (unavailable in the Acura TL, Infinity G37x, or Lexus 350 GS). GM Red Tag pricing.

Hard drive for music files. Heated-cooled seats, OnStar, navigation, and the best is the pop up nav screen.

Fantastic all-around car lacks nothing! Handling and responsiveness make it fun to drive. Interior is among the best in the business. Integration between navigation, audio, OnStar, and hands-free phone is great. The hard-drive audio system eliminates the clutter of CDs in the car.

Standard V-6 is outstanding. No need for the DI, save the money because the speed and power of standard is plenty offering solid MPG. Seat comfort and night interior lighting are excellent. 

My commute is mostly highway, therefore, I appreciate the interior creature comforts and responsiveness of this auto.

I love the wood accents. The leather stitching is unique, which is great. Double wide sun roof really opens up the car and I can't complain about the performance either. Definitely has enough get up and go to make the quick merge onto freeway traffic and enough braking power to stop quick if needed.

Navigation which is intuitive with touch screen. Shifter with sport and competition modes. Ambient lighting 

Great handling, styling, and the high tech options are much more advanced than any previous cars I've owned. 

Styling, interior space and features, solid driving feel, affordability.

MPG is Good approx 21 combined hard driving. Regular gasoline, A/C seats, outrageous audio/nav system. Steering is on par with Germans yet service light remains Off unlike Mercedes Service Engine Soon light on literally every other month.

Handling and ride, attractive inside and out, good radio, uses regular gas!

Overall look both inside and out, ambiance lighting, large sunroof, ventilated seats, Bluetooth, and Nav/sound system combo.

Everything including heated & cooled seats, navigation system, On Star, Hard Drive memory, Bluetooth & satellite radio.

What's not to like! Nav system, french leather dash, Heated/cooled seats, steerable headlights, Bose sound system, 300+ horses, AWD, keyless start, the list goes on. My Thunder Gray CTS is one of the most interesting colors I've ever seen. I now know why Chip Foose would spend extra on paint, WoW!

Performance, handling, comfortable controlled ride yet with great road feel, interior / exterior design, gauge lay-out, AWD, 22 mpg suburb / expressway and 29 mpg highway on regular gas. Blue tooth, On-Star with driving directions feature. Leather interior stitched by Coach. One very solid car.

Very comfortable seats, automatic temperature control (including heated & cooled seats) for driver AND passenger, suspension, automatic transmission, quiet smooth ride, keyless entry & ignition, steering wheel controls, memory seat, and did I mention very comfortable seats.



Love the A/C seats which activate on remote startup to cool the entire car off in hot summer sun. Steering wheel feel and feedback is excellent. Seats are much more comfortable than standard BMW offerings.

Navigation, remote start, cooled seats, built in hard drive, Sound system, feel of the leather, bluetooth, steering feel, solidity, and road feel. Oh yeah, the lighting both inside and out.

