

Bose surround sound system and XM-Navigation radio. You can upload a destination from MapQuest to OnStar and have the directions downloaded to your Nav system via a phone call to OnStar. Bluetooth that really works with my iPhone. Factory DVD and sunroof. 

For a SUV it has the best feel and handling of any I have driven. Navigation system. Easy to use and easy to understand. Heated seats and remote start in the winter. XM radio is nice and the On Star system makes me feel secure with the kids on trips. 

Navigation, BlueTooth for cell phone, XM Radio, DVD, radio controls on steering wheel, back up camera, folding mirrors, automatic climate control, OnStar, storage areas, ride quality, dual climate control, good lumbar seat support, remote start, good A/C outlets everywhere and air conditioned seats.

Looks,fit and finish,quiet ride,tow capacity, front seat comfort, interior design and quality, due to current GM crisis dealer took 11k of sticker- couldn't walk away.

Bluetooth, 6 speed tranny, massive center console. 2009 4wd 5.3 V8 LT1 for less than 32k....we couldn't pass it up. We absolutely love this truck.

Power folding 2nd row, back-up assist/camera, Z71 step tubes. Power folding mirrors help for space in garage. Active Fuel Management. Good ride with more than enough power, good turning radius for its size.

Dual climate control is a must for me and my fiance! if I'm hot she is cold. If she is hot I'm cold. lol. Oh and the bluetooth is also very nice!

Navigation system. Easy to use and easy to understand. Heated seats and remote start in the winter. XM radio is nice and the On Star system makes me feel secure with the kids on trips.

space and design

Remote start, nav screen, rear view camera, heated/cooled seats, great looking inside and out, great ride, great steering, active fuel management, and everything else

Exterior and interior design, navigation, rear view camera, heated and cooled seats, all that chrome, it's so easy to drive, 6 speed automatic, you can't even feel the the active fuel management at the pedals 

