

Engine, brakes, I-Drive, Audio System (pop in a USB stick, IPOD too), full moon roof, seats.

Lumbar seat, keyless entry and operation, comprehensive engineering.

Acceleration and driving performance. Luxury feel for long drives.

Steering, braking, sound system, safety features, real time traffic updates, heads up display, bluetooth, panoramic glass roof, sport mode, 600+mile range w/one tank. 4yr/50000mi maintenance plan, BMW roadside service, BMW SOS plan, heated steering and most of all the torque.

Panoramic sunroof, comfort access, ventilated seat package, premium sound system, xenon headlights, fog lights that shine in direction you are turning in.

Turbo diesel. Rear door opener. Drink holders location. Seats. Front & rear parking sensors. Visibility. Fuel economy. Exterior design.Interior space. "Secret" glove compartment. All the gadgets and tie downs in the rear trunk area. 

Comfort seats are a must-buy option. Heads up display. Taught suspension. Tight build quality. Upgraded sound system is very good. Roomy interior.

Handling is great!

Engine, mileage, ride, power. The bluetooth works well, and the iDrive is nice once you understand it. The large double-opening sunroof is very nice. Backup camera includes dynamic indicators showing your path as you move the steering wheel. Sounds/feels like a big V8.

The AC system is excellent and a one button push turns the fan to high and the setting to 60; after cooling another button returns the system to presets.

Bi-Xenon Headlights, corona-rings on headlights, and cornering lights. Driving position. Roomy interior. Panoramic Sunroof. Awesome braking power for a 5,000lb vehicle! Cool shifter. Memory key settings very cool and easy. 

Those fantastic looking 35R20' wheels in the back!. 



Engine performance is phenomenal. The gas pedal is responsive at any speed. 26mpg hwy is real. Handling is solid. iDrive system is easy and intuitive. Plenty of cargo space for 3 ice hockey bags. Good second seat leg room.

Voice activation, keyless entry and the fun to drive factor.

The i-drive system is great, it could not be better. I own a 2006 Audi A6 and its computer is easier to use than my 2007 BMW 5-series' computer but my 2009 X5's computer is easier to use than both of them. 

iDrive, Comfort seats, interior is awesome, panorama moonroof, light leather and black headliner and Bamboo wood, Junk compartment under floor in cargo area and this thing handles amazing and is smooth. Night and day from Mom's 2002 X5 (without sport package), better.

Nav, and sporty handling. Overall Luxo- feel to the interior.

Great cup holders, parking sensors & camera. Comfortable. Great pick-up off the line...better than both gas versions. Auto lift gate is great.

iDrive, iPhone interface, power, comfort, the look!

Seats are great I upgraded to cooled seats so you get the sport seats which are fabulous. The diesel engine is a joy to drive and connects the driver to the car. I averaged 19.7 mpg in the city. I have yet to test the fuel efficiency on the HWY but expect it to achieve better than 26mpg displayed

Fuel mileage average is 25+mpg average and is excellent. Heads up display is very convenient. 3d row seat is useful for young kids.

1. Super smooth ride/drive. ML tranny was jerky - not this. Felt every bump on my Rover and ML - not on X5. 2. Awesome seat comfort (have the fully adjustable ones). 3. Amazing torque. I live in SF Bay area; we have BIG hills; X5 drives like I'm in KS. 4. I-Drive is EASY.

Great looks!

I like the high quality interior and while some believe the interior isn't flashy enough, I appreciate the form follows function approach. I believe it will stand the test of time where many new interior design in other automobiles will date themselves quickly. Fuel economy and thus, fuel range A+++

Comfort access (a must!), automatic lift gate, heated seats, stereo, sports package, powerful engine yet smooth and light drive, iDrive (I actually like this a lot!). Beautiful inside and out. 

Build quality, iDrive, navigation, backup camera, 3.0 inline 6-cylinder engine, transmission is like silk, I laughed at the auto tailgate but now I would not get an X5 without it. 

Everything! There is nothing I do not like about this car. In fact, as I sit here this morning, I am ready to go ride.

Diesel engine runs great! Quiet and powerful. I really like the iDrive and its technology integration.

Bluetooth phone and iPod integration, MPG.

Idrive is amazing! Critics give it a hard time, but if you spend more than a week with it, it is impossible to live without! Also love comfort access, the hottest heated seats, back- up camera. The bluetooth audio quality is impeccable.

iPod integration. Park distance and rear view camera. Navigation system. Push button and comfort access. Auto liftgate. Exterior design. Interior design. This SUV drives like a sports car. 20" wheels. Sport package. Tech package. Premium sound package. Everything. :)

Diesel is amazing. Quiet and very smooth. Lots and Lots of power. The iDrive is awesome once you know how to use it. Love comfort access. 

