ride, handling, sport button, 3rd door, "boot" doors, dual sunroof, gas milage, manual trans, interior layout, ambient lighting, control layout, noises.

Other people think it's a cool car.

handling, surprisingly compliant ride, build quality, feeling of a premium brand for less than 30k, I actually like the quirky controls - it makes the MINI more endearing, barn door boot, smiles I get, engine growl reminds me of an English sports car, body style, fuel economy.

Gas Mileage; handling; fun-factor; speed; did I mention it's really fun.

The handling and power are great. I have the cloth seats in the Clubman which are very comfortable with me being 6 feet tall and about 200 lbs. No problem with driving the 2500 miles. Aside from the usual features, I really like the brake/clutch feature..not letting the car roll until clutch is up

Handling,Panoramic Sunroof, Sport package, Steering feedback, mood lighting, heated seats, Paddle shifters.

The gas mileage, 3rd door and back loading doors are my favorite features. I'm not sure I would be able to do a regular Mini Cooper.

The speed and stability have to be my favorite things on this car. Also, the double sun roof is a great addition that makes the ride more enjoyable!

Shifting gears and ability to fit all the life style equipment in the car.

Powerful motor , powerful brakes, radar detector * needed, good feedback thru steering wheel, agile little car, no vagueness - love it.

Handling. It's much bolder than I am. Power is exceptional. 

39 MPG, Did I mention 39 MPG?, More room than the 2006 model, very quiet and vastly improved seating.

Six speed transmission, sport mode button, quiet engine, comfortable seats, club doors, impressive fuel economy, and performance. If you upgrade to the S model or higher, you will lose comfort, quietness, and fuel economy. Great dealership - customer oriented.

Auto climate control, heated seats, bluetooth phone capabilities, sports mode that makes accelerator more sensitive and steering more stiff, double moon roof, auto wipers. And of course being able to run corners like the proverbial go- cart that the mini is always compared to. 33mpg in town, 40 hwy

Handling, braking, sunroof. Rear "gates" make loading a breeze. Didn't get a lot of add-ons as it is easy to inflate the price to idiotic proportions by adding optional equipment.

Looks, steering/suspension, high-tech toys.

Fun factor in an everyday useable package.

Looks, handling, paddle shifters, amazing heated seats, the stares and smiles you get while driving it

Looks, handling, gas mileage

Barn doors & extra rear door

Fun factor, driving characteristics are tops. Bluetooth, stereo, convenience package and other electronics exceeded my wive's expectations. Xenon headlights work wonderfully. Seats very supportive.

Handling is excellent and fuel economy is great too. Hard to find both in one vehicle. Start/stop button is a cool gimmick. Barn doors make loading easier. Mood lighting also a cool feature.

