Performance of the Hemi and the quiet ride comfort. Mellow rumble of the dual exhaust.

Friendly ride, quiet interior, comfort. Rugged looks. Flex-Fuel option.

Looks like a million bucks, drives like a luxury car, throws you back in the seat when you need to hit the gas.

Hemi,dash display,ride,looks

I elected to get the ram box. It makes for a shorter bed but you have loads of storage in the ram boxes

the uconnect phone is very handy. the 22inch wheels look great.

Everything! what's not to love about this truck

Comfortable seats. Great outward visibility. Plenty of room. Lots of storage cubby holes!

Exterior design, interior design, nifty storage and quiet ride.

Instant start! All the time and everytime!

Push button shifter, on column shift handle.

I have the upgraded Alpine system, sounds great!!! UConnet makes phone calls easy.

Hemi! Aggressive looks. I had a person parked in front of me say it looked like my truck was going to eat her car. Truck is a head turner. Took it to a few cruise-in's and got a lot of questions each time. Factory duals rock. U-connect and nav systems are great.

Programmable convenience features. 3-blink turn signals. Supple ride. Strong engine. Great looks inside and out. 

hemi

Engine, interior, sound system, quiet ride, suspension, the steering is a bit on the understeer side and I like this as it tracks better then GM trucks and just about everything else about the truck. 

interior trim, aggressive front-look, power slider window, and anti-sway feature

All the places to put things in the interior. Seat comfort. quiet and comfortable ride. power of the hemi. fuel economy. solid - no rattles/no wind noise. roominess. side air bags. chrome pkg. 20" tires. power rear window. Unlimited powertrain warranty.

electronics were very good

Back up cam, remote start, cluster info screen, MyGig, climate controlled seats, MPG improvement, HEMI power, crew cab space, quality feel, heated steering wheel, center console, storage galore, Alpine sound system, exhaust note and agressive styling.

Hemi is awesome and the extra room in the back is great. The in-floor coolers for travel - what a great idea.

Performance and the dual tail pipes.

Well thought out interior- storage bins, information center, climate control, u-connect music and phone, mirrors and stereo. Hemi-power is awesome! Dual exhaust, aerodynamics and stance very impressive.

ram box period!

Comfortable ride and height. Tows a house and as fast as anything.No more annoying cut offs from little cars. This thing looks all business .LIFETIME POWER TRAIN WARRANTY

395hp Hemi, bucket seat package, lighted rear view mirrors, 20 inch wheels, dual exhaust, auto closing windows.

The ride and speed makes it fun to dirve. Our 3000 mile trip was a joy in this truck. I would not have gone that far in my F150. I like the body style and interior. I got about 20.5 miles per gallon at 85 miles per hour over the desert hwy. 

interior and exterior looks and the hemi engine, and better mileage! sucked me right into another problem vehicle! 



Stereo, ride, power, seating comfort

Gas milage. Radio. Comfort. The looks from the people as you drive beside them... MY god the horse power!!!!!!!!!

Giant crew cab. L/S always on, as the horrible Goodyear HPs are always chirping. Optional bluetooth works great, Bighorn, 5.7, and CC make the Ram very desirable, but the 20's are unnecessary. The extra storage bins are great, but the unlockable gas cap and glove boxes detract from the improvements.

I just love driving this truck, it's so comfortable! The 30 gig hard drive is a great way of storing and playing music. It's also a beautiful looking truck. The quiet cockpit combined with the Alpine sound system produce a better sound than in my living room!



Comfort of drive Interior Design and Features Exterior Look and Design

feel behind the wheel, response from the petal, stance when you look at it.

Hemi, quiet and refined ride, fuel efficiency, interior ergonomics (such as storage places and cup holders).

Safety, style, ride, comfort, Hemi power, Uconnect, Sirius radio

Of course the HEMI. The Color, Exterior/Interior styling, Too many other things to list. 

My favorite features of the 09 Ram. The 390hp, dual exhaust, lighted outside mirrors, better brakes, remote start, bucket seat package.

Exterior Styling, Factory dual exhaust , Interior, Nav System U Connect phone connection, Alpine sound system, heated and cooled seats.

Auto up on both front windows, ventilated seats, Alpine system, U- tunes, quietness, mileage (vs 08), dual exhaust, refinement, comfort, looks (head turner), HEMI power, floor shifter w/console, remote start, puddle lighting, buying American!

Hemi, roomy, beautiful lines.

U-connect, 5.7L HEMI, Numerous compartments and power outlets.

 the interior is just classy and the radio with the hard drive feature is great. Love the exhaust sound, now i don't have to have the dual exhaust installed like i used to do. THIS TRUCK IS JUST GREAT TO DRIVE. 

Great new HEMI,tons of HP & torque, Great quality interior, Exterior face lift

HEMI,leather interior,Laramie trim and my gig

Initially, I wasn't sure how I'd like the Ram Box. Its one of my favorite things. I also enjoy the ventilated seats and the U-Connect Phone and Stereo/NAV

Where to start? Uconnect Enterainment/NAV/bluetooth - 30GB hard drive to store music files. NAV directions are displayed on the instrument panel read-out (EVIC)! 115VAC outlet on the front console! in-floor storage bins, backup camera is a must if your are towing. dual exhaust!

POWER, POWER, POWER! 20 inch rims with the big horn package. Coolers in the rear floor boards. Storage under the back seats. Big Fat Leather steering wheel. Overall design of the truck. LOW, LOW, PRICE for so much truck!

dual exhaust, Alpine stereo, Power, styling

All of it!

HEMI performance is great. Interior design is very nice. The look of the truck is BEASTLY!!! Dual Pipes are great about time.

Rambox, coil spring rear end, bed divider/extender, MDS, plethora of storage compartments, driver information center, auxilliary transmission cooler standard, trailer brake prewire and best of all......insulated cooler compartments in the floor!

Power, handling, interior, dual exhaust

Nav, stereo, head-turning looks, bucket seats with floor shifter, auto stick, u-connect, dual exhaust, interior quality, traction control, ability to impress my friends who own Chevys and Fords. Easily the best Dodge vehicle yet. And oh how sweet is that Hemi?

Hemi power, u-connect system, ram boxes, unmatched interior, fit and finish, everything....The whole truck is much improved. Just drive one and you will find out. 

HEMI power Great ride! CrewCab is huge with lots of room and storage

great

Great drivers display. The ergonomics are excellent.

Interior, Uconnect, Rambox

Big Ole Chrome Grill, The only truck that has a signature grill that doesn't change every model year. The interior is finally trimmed out in really modern trickery with tons of new tech. like voice recognition, blue tooth,Sat radio,storage galore and maybe my fav the 115volt outlet on the dash.

Uconnect tunes - do not pass up this option - it is awesome. Power sliding rear window is fantastic. Power and handling - both superior.

AC/DC input; Dashboard computer; Quality of interior materials; Comfortable seats; rear storage in- floor bins; spacious backseat; Dual exhaust with molded rear bumper; Power rear window;

Interior ROCKS, Dodge finally put some cash into interior design and details! HEMI...go fast or go HOME!

My Gig, POWER, Ride, Eminities.

Great fit and finish in and out. Very smooth ride for a truck. Wonderful for and instant adrenaline rush (minus the kids of course). Love the fact that I didn't need to get the laramie with leather and all kinds of other needless features to get the big engine, unlike other auto makers.

All the cup holders, the AC/DC inputs. Nice upgraded sound, the Hemi power. Color scheme of interior. Comfy leather, Big emblem on tailgate. Orange color rocks.

Power and MPG. Handling is responsive and quick. Great visibility. Comfort is superb. Mine came with dealer installed steps which at first I did not like but after getting in and out they are a perfect fit.

Rear seat entertainment system, Navigation Audio system, Hemi V8, In floor storage bins, Interior styling.

New suspension, 5.7 Hemi with MDS

407 pound feet of torque and 3.92 rear gears make getting on the interstate very fun. Also very quiet inside for such a big engine.

Interior is immaculate. Styling, comfort and ergonomics are not truck- like on the interior, but all truck from the outside and under the hood. Integrated Nav, MP-3, bluetooth are an unbelievable set-up. I think it?s the best looking truck on the market. The ride is luxury car smooth, road noise 0.

The whole thing is my favorite feature!

I like the navigation-radio system. The seats are very well designed, I can't wait to use the air conditioned seats. It is amazing how quiet this truck is even at 80 mph! Oops, I only drove that fast once or? I know when I drove the truck conservatively I was getting close to 17 MPG. 

Interior comfort, ride, and back seat room

Nav and bluetooth

Alpine sound system- It really sounds great. Navigation with bluetooth hands free phone. 4WD Auto on the dial. Comes in great when you are encountering varying road conditions, so you don't have to shift back and forth between 2 and 4 WD. Remote start.

Everything, but the Hemi is super, especially the MDS system which gets you better gas mileage 15 and 20 mpg. Really quick and nimble.

Comfort. Well designed interior but needs a bit more fluff.

I sprung for the navigation and remote start package. It's really nice! Dodge has done a good job with that. The media center is so cool with the DVD in the dash. All the storage areas in the truck make everything seem very organized 

Acceleration, got the 3.95 rd and love it. It's got so much power, and 22.68 mpg? Almost too good to be true. The seats, and cup holders are everywhere! Remote start, I can start it from my bedroom when I get up for work then it's already warmed up!

Stupid as it sounds all of the storage compartments. This vehicle has more storage than my wife's kitchen. The whole vehicle is just a superb design. 

