Color light interior. Price

MPG, cruise, XM radio, all the cubbyholes!

Quiet and roomy interior, comfortable seating, solid safety features including ABS and multiple air bags, great stereo system, best in class warranty. 

Height-adjustable drivers seat. Sun-glass holder. Aux and USB radio inputs. 



Love the XM and blue dash lights. Nice seats, plenty of little storage spots.

Safety-air bags/curtains,ABS.Roomy interior and trunk. Dash/controls laid out nicely. COLD a/c. Quiet/smooth ride. 

Blue-lit instrument panel, firm/sturdy ride, XM radio free trial, beautiful styling, ease of use of all components....EVERYTHING, this car is GREAT!!!!

ESC, Brake Assist, ABS, great value, warranty, interior layout, bluetooth option, XM radio, reliability rating.

Interior and overall quality.

Audio controls on steering wheel Traction and Stability Control Heated Mirrors, awesome for Ohio ABS, and 4-disc brakes, drums are a pain to deal with.. 

Great mileage, comfort of seats, and nooks and crannies. Rear seats very comfortable too-went out with friends and comfort was no issue. Rated great by CR and I agree so far. Looking forward to a long run with this car!

The SE trim has almost everything needed. ESC will be on only when u lose control, never had such system in my old cars, so I don't know how different to have it.

Comfortable and well built. Like the XM radio and the standard features. Big trunk!

Safety items, room for class, ride and seat comfort.

The five speed clicks perfectly and the throws are precise and short. The clutch is a little light, but otherwise it is fantastic and a big improvement over my 2004's.

Stereo system, blue lighting, trunk space, great gas mileage, comfortable seats. 

interior and exterior features, XM satellite, price and value, and long warranties.

Handling, quiet ride, Interior controls

I value the safety features in the Elantra. The all-wheel disc brakes, ESC, and adequate engine power are a plus. The USB port that takes USB flash drives with our favorite music adds to our driving pleasure. I like the no-nonsense controls layout and all the cabin room. It's a big small car!

dashboard/radio features, gas mileage, turning ratio

USB for flash drive full of music. Easy to drive. Big knobs for controls. ESC. Smooth ride. Quiet

array of standard and safety features included. luxurious "bluish" color of the dash. XM radio

Brakes, XM Radio, gas mileage, and price

Standard features that are optional on other cars in it's class. XM, moonroof, very comfortable seats, and ample room for passengers and cargo. Safety feature on SE save hundreds in insurance costs.

good sound proofing and good quality sound system. Agile handling and good overall driving experience.

Love the blue backlighting on the interior. On the SE, you get standard power everything, cruise, steering wheel audio controls, ABS/ESC, etc. Great features you would easily pay $20,000+ on Honda/Toyota. Also, car is very quiet on the highway. I find that talking normal is too loud in the cabin.

Well done exterior and interior design with very nice cabin materials and finishes. Logical control layout and excellent visibility all around. QUIET interior allows me to actually enjoy the standard XM radio or my iPod. Virtually everything you might want is standard and the warranty can't be beat.

Ton of safety features not found in cars in this price range (ABS, stability control, traction control), iPod interface, quiet ride, comfortable seats, great mileage (36+ on highway). Oh, how can I forget the best warranty in the business? 5yrs/60k bumper-to-bumper and 10yrs/100k powertrain!

ESC, four wheel ABS disc brakes, great dashboard and interior features and excellent climate control- wonderful handling and quiet ride and sufficient power and zest for all driving.

MP3 Connection, Sunroof.

Quietness, smooth ride

The looks and layout of the dashboard, exterior front and rear lights. Also, the rear doors aren't too long, making it real easy to get in and out of tight parking spots. This seems to be overlooked by car-makers and buyers. The rear side port windows aren't attached to the rear doors, saving space.

Spirited acceleration - Quiet comfortable ride - Great gas mileage - A very nice car with the bonus of a low price.

0% Financing makes 5 year payment period excellent option. Car feels solid in every way. Stereo sounds great. More room in every direction than Corolla.

Standard equipment, iPod/USB ports, heated mirrors, good sized trunk for a small car, ESC and traction control!! 

satellite radio. upgrade pkg. on gls. interior details.

xm and ipod

Sunroof, XM Radio, 6 speaker audio system, remote trunk release, all air bags, anti-lock brakes with Electronic Force Distribution. Tire Pressure Monitoring. Blue ambient light on clock, trans, gauges gives the car a hint of luxury- Very Cool! 

Color, look, style, control, internal features

Heated leather seats, decent factory stereo. Fun to drive.

The safety features are great. The price , compared to other cars Honda, Toyota, and Mazda. Also the warranty is the best.

ESP, VSC, Air bags

Stability Control, Brake Assistance, ABS, Front and Side airbags, IPod, XM, all comes in standard.



Looks, drive, gas mileage, comfort.

