Bluetooth, garage door opener, great stereo. Engine shuts down when idle--feels so good to not be wasting gas energy. QUIET. Shows me what is going on with my engine and gas usage :-). You just have to love it.

Fuel efficiency for a vehicle that weights 3700lbs is amazing. Crash results are impressive. This car lets you get on with life without having to worry about maintenance, reliability, safety. I love zooming up to 40mph, easing off the accelerator, and watching the mpg needle swing back to 60mpg!

Fabulous MPG, placement and operation of navigation system, Bluetooth, interior and exterior styling, decent acceleration, good road manners, day-time running lights. Good cabin storage.

Roomy interior with leg room for rear passengers; very quiet drive train AND we have no squeaks or rattles; JBL stereo system with IPOD hookup; keyless starting

Fit and finish of the leather upholstery. Sound system is exceptional. Quiet ride of a much larger car.

Low fuel consumption. Spacious interior.

Steering control radio volume (because radio control sporadically doesn't work). 

It feels like a solid, well designed car. The features are very user friendly and can be pretty much figured out without even reading the manual (but the manual helps). I expected poor acceleration, a complaint a friend had about his Honda, but was pleasantly surprised otherwise. Brakes are superior.

I love the GPS.

Navigation with Bluetooth is awesome and was really easy to set up. Really like making and receiving calls through the navi system and sound quality is incredible. JBL sound system sounds great. Leather seats are very comfortable. The silver with dark tinted windows look awesome. 

Keyless entry and great gas mileage in a full size sedan.

Gas mileage, dependability

I love the keyless entry and starting system, the sound system, the bluetooth phone feature, the heated seats and rear view mirrors (nice to have in Nebraska), and the dashboard display.



Smart key is fun, moon roof, leather seats, dual climate control, heated seats, lumbar support, many positions for driver's seat, telescoping steering wheel, JBL sound.

Navi, soft leather, synergy drive. All of the tech upgrades in this car are sweet, and the interior space is ample. Smart start is awesome! I think the interior is actually pretty luxurious (it's def. not a Lexus, but it still looks great). The leather is really nice, and I love the quiet ride.

Bluetooth, seats, keyless entry

Bluetooth, nav system and power seats

My favorites include the: Smart Key, futuristic push button start, quiet smooth responsive ride, leather seating, nav/info system, blue glow dash, voice activated phone, crisp premium audio with aux, sunroof and of course MPG

I love the gauges and the meters. The comfort is awesome, the quite ride is incredible! I don't feel like I'm driving a bubble in this stylish body.

Bluetooth, JBL sound system, quiet ride, no key entry with push botton start, DRL's and automatic headlights, ECO air conditioning option.

Gas mileage, navigation, quietness, ride, comfort.

Styling, it's a beautiful sedan. The upgraded stereo and bluetooth are a must. Also love the fit of the seats, both front and back.

Fuel mileage, extremely comfortable ride, spunky performance, smooth and accurate handling, great brakes, quiet.

Nav system, keyless entry and start, the style inside and out. Saving on gas is a real plus.

Gas mileage! Smart key, voice activated Bluetooth, mp3 hook-up, comfortable interior.

Keyless entry, including trunk. Great dashboard feedback to improve gas mileage. Bluetooth. Lumbar support in driver seat. Handles as sweetly as my Lexus.

Audio systems, leather, sunroof, MP3 players.

I love the interior at night (awesome blue dash and sound system), the leather, push button start, and quietness of the cabin. It is the smoothest ride. I almost got the Lexus ES 350 because it too has a great ride. This car saved me 10-15K! 

Entertaining mileage displays, hands free phone

Push button ignition! Voice activated Bluetooth! JBL stereo system. And our very favorite is the low gas consumption!

MPG, quietness and smoothness of ride, leg room for back passengers, control layout easy to see and reach without distracting me from the road.

Very queit ride compared to the Accord, heated leather seats, dual zone climate control, Blue Tooth phone link, excellent JBL stereo, high quality materials and workmanship.

MPG. Navigation system. Proximity entry system.

Navigation! (So much better than the BMW's.) Much more user-friendly, too. Gas mileage, Bluetooth, SmartKey. Comfortable cabin.

Seats, Bluetooth, gas mileage, ride and comfort.

Keyless entry and ignition,comfortable seating, dual climate control.

Integrated phone/navigation screen and speakers; fuel economy; driver's seat comfort; ESC; quiet ride.

Gas mileage; appearance inside and out; smoothness of transition from electric motor to engine and back; "no shift" transmission; seat comfort; roominess; the word "hybrid" on the side of the car

7 air bags, iPod hook-up, stability control, heated seats. Don't feel like I'm giving up safety or comfort for mileage.

It's the hybrid system itself. No need to charge the system, just put gas in tank every 600 or so miles. The push button start and door/trunk lock/unlock sensors are the future, no buttons to push or keys required.

Keyless entry, heated seats, comfortable rear seats.

decent gas mileage

The JBL sound system is really great and it needs no separate sub woofer. I love the illumination of the dash too. I got this car for the price of an XLE model. I paid less for this Camry than I did for the 2008 Prius. What a bargain.

In-dash navigation system, hybrid system gasoline savings, hands-free bluetooth phone link, comfortable interior, very good ride & handling.

None



MPG, comfort, easy to use navigation, outside of the car is attractive, JBL sound is a must!, reliability has been great for over 6000 miles (including a 1700 mile road trip), climate control can run during battery only mode, power seats are nice, bright headlights for a halogen projector bulb.

Nice looking on outside.

JBL stereo rocks, quiet, love the whine when slowing down. Get EPA during winter, but way above during summer. Exterior styling a plus. Smart Key WIN. Not a single problem in 13 months and 25800 miles. 



The quietness, the power with electric motor and the average. The basic model is really equipped well for the price. 

Most amenities (A/C, radio controls, dash display mode) are accessible from the steering wheel. There is an economy mode than can be used when cruising on the highway causing you to realize even greater mileage before that inevitable pit stop at the pump.

Quiet!

Very comfortable, great leg room (more than my jeep), and of course the excellent MPG.

Navigation, integrated phone, interior (leather), quiet / comfortable job

The MPG is great! Best mileage for a car this size. Also, very quiet and refined interior with awesome navigation system. 

Economy, economy, economy. I drive 20-25K miles a year and even now gas is down to $2.25/gal it still makes sense apart from 'doing the right thing'.

Hybrid powertrain provides smooth running and excellent gas mileage.

Comfort of seats. Stereo and bluetooth. Gas mileage.

Nav, no key just push... virtually silent when in electric and very quiet in gas. Bluetooth pairs w 6 phones, lots of POI's... VERY SMOOTH RIDE!!!!!!

Hard to choose one, but I would have to say the quiet cabin, how quiet it is at stop lights, and of course.... the MPG!!! 

Leather, push button start

Excellent mileage, interior appointments and comfort, overall fit and finish, professional approach by the dealer.

Quite ride/gas mileage/navigation system/ comfortable seats with heated seats. Roomy interior. 

Same beautiful Toyota Camry vehicle design and driving experience. Heated side view mirrors a big plus.

I find the TCH hybrid feedback system to be quite informative and will even praise you for driving efficiently. With a little practice and some variable driving conditions you will find that it is not that difficult to achieve 38-40 MPG average for your entire tank of gas. Keyless entry is nice.

Keyless entry, JBL sound quality - even my 27 year old son is impressed. Mileage, given that it is a mid-sized sedan. Ability to run our iPod through the sound system. Dual air control system. Warranty and Toyota build quality.This is a car that will not disappoint.

We love the keyless entry on the doors and trunk and smart-key start. I never take the keys from my purse. The heated seats are great in Chicago's cold weather - it warms your lower back too. The 6 CD player is hidden after the CDs are inserted which is a nice feature. 

Of course gas mileage, but combined with comfort and performance. This car has tremendous acceleration, given a 4 cylinder with the hybrid boost. The grey mica (believe that is the color) with alloy wheels (1st upgrade package) is very elegant.

MPG, ride, comfort of leather seats, roominess front and back.

Hybrid system an industry changer! No longer as dependent on the pump. Emissions of the gas engine alone cleaner than Houston air. Relaxing to drive; benefit from stop-and-go traffic. Good acceleration, even from 70mph. JBL stereo & bluetooth (UP upgrade) are great for the $. Leather seats great

Hybrid system, great color, VDIM- this car handles well. Previously drove 03 Camry LE- they are quite different (old LE was a little bigger interior and trunk). But this is better engineered car- love it.

Build quality, safety, green without appearing so.

It's like a new $25K Lexus! Good price on base TCH, great build quality, drive train technology, fuel economy, comfort, quietness. 

Navigation system, and voice activation are nice. however the blue tooth antenna is very weak, and that make it difficult to use at times.

The navigator is so smart, although I haven't figured out how to work it out through voice commands. But it is MUCH better than what I have on the Mercedes ML500. The AC is also great, although it is electric. But that's probably why its performance is independent from engine speed.

I love JBL, cant believe it's better than Bose. Engine braking took a sec to master & use it more than the G's triptronic shifting. I love the quiet & I thought I would miss a deep v6 growl. Blown away at amount of power when needing to go fast. Tank lasts over 2 weeks. Doesn't seem mom-like after all.

Excellent mileage (40-44 MPG), exterior body design with rear spoiler. 

Quiet smooth ride, sharp look, added a rear lip painted spoiler, installed myself, on the trunk. Fuel economy, keyless starting and stop. Change from gas engine on and off and electric is seamless.

Sunroof, power seat adjustments, nav, exterior design. 

Fit and finish. Efficiency. Quiet ride. Smooth pickup and enough power when I need it.

Smart key push button system. Leather interior. Interior styling and comfort.

Gas mileage, talking GPS, bluetooth phone, plug in for my iPod, Sirius radio, dual controls for heating and a/c, zippy performance, a joy to drive, heated seats, good place for my water bottles,drinks, smart key feature on the doors and trunks, air bag/knee bags/side bags, i.e., safety features

That new car/leather smell! Why can't that be successfully bottled? ;) And yes, that "smug" feeling when pulling up to the gas pump alongside that thirsty behemoth Hummer... gotta admit it, I'm hooked!

Bluetooth, mp3 jack, quiet and smooth ride, more than acceptable acceleration, smartkey system

Energy monitor screens, 40~50 MPG, great audio system (JBL), lots of room inside.

Unbelievable mileage! Rated at 33/34 and you can get 43 mpg if you are careful. Love the Smart key, smooth quiet ride, great stereo and auxiliary for iPod hookup.

Bluetooth, audio/temperature controls on the steering wheel, roomy backseat, comfortable seats, 6 disc in-dash CD player

Love the push button key now I am use to it. Nav system is great too 

Hybrid technology delivering high average MPG. Navigation. Hands free cell phone. Satellite radio. Very comfortable leather seats. Hi-tech dash board, gauges & driver information system. Moonroof. Power windows. Keyless entry & keyless ignition system. Extra large glove box.

I love the steering controls, the handsfree bluetooth and the sunroof! They really make driving easier. I chose the mud guards on it to protect against rock chips and they are sharp looking as well. It is so hard to choose my favorite features... the whole car is my favorite feature!

Nothing is better than driving in the blue (electric) mode. All people want to do is talk about the car when I have passengers. I love it. MP3 jack is standard! Keyless ignition and keypad are standard! 

Hybrid system/gas savings, smooth quiet ride, comfortable seating, great ergonomics, high-tech goodies like electronic air cleaning and bluetooth navigation touch screen. Great JBL stereo! Toyota quality (ours was built in Japan). 

Navigation. Hybrid technology & fuel economy. Driver & passenger comfort. Leg room. Sharp crisp lines of the auto body. Handling at all speeds is exceptional. Visibility is excellent. Location and convenience of controls to the driver adds to the driving pleasure. Paint job, fit & finish is great.

Gas mileage, smooth ride, eco-friendliness, easy nav, Bluetooth, general feel of luxury.

Dual zone electric air conditioning, XM radio, 6 CD JBL changer, leather interior.

MPG and ride

Nav, moon roof, leather displays

Nice refined, but aggressive body style. Great leather seats & nav system. Turning radius is awesome. Comfortable, but somewhat generic ride. More leg room than my old SUV. LOVE the key!! Scheduled maintenance guide made my jaw drop. Power is fine, even after my Hemi. Duh, the gas mileage.

Fuel efficiency, reliability, less polluting, safety, and, of course, comfort (fob/keyless, seats, JBL, climate control, moonroof, etc.).

Hybrid engine and the driving experience

The nav system/bluetooth cellphone capability, extremely comfortable leather seats, quiet ride.

Love the navigation and all of the hybrid data screens. It really helps when you are trying to hypermile.

Still getting used to the operations, but the air conditioning seems to be very good.

Obviously, the gas savings. Though, I am driving it as I would any other vehicle I've own and average low to mid- 30's in mileage. Highway mileage is in the upper 30s.

Seats, comfy ride, fuel feedback, nav screen, fuel savings. Just an all-around great concept that has been put on the market in a timely manner.

Voice guided navi. Bluetooth. Quiet. Quick AC.

This is a fairly "base" version of the Camry hybrid, no nav system, but it's still got plenty of great features including the Bluetooth, JBL system, multi-function display, etc.

Engine. Hybrid technology. Silence. Bluetooth, smooth ride. Power lumbar. Steering. Turning radius. LED tail lights with exclusive hybrid model design. Chrome grill.

Gas mileage and solid feel.

My fav feature would be the keyless entry system, so cool. Coming in a very close second would be the JBL sound system with cd changer! Very good!

Bluetooth phone hook-up.

Hybrid motor and good mpg. Nice leather seats, gauges and read-outs.

Dashboard technology in reference to the hybrid system and miles per gallon. Looks. Pride in ownership

Quiet and smooth ride. Keyless entry which is the best. Sound system. Nice and roomy front and back. Now that I have a hybrid I can't imagine going back to a regular car. Everytime I drive I love to "glide" on the road and get the best MPG! 

MPG, keyless entry system and ride.

CVT, JBL, dash lighting, and the mpg.

Bluetooth phone. Gauges. Interior layout.

Good gas mileage.

Gas mileage, navigation, nice and quiet.

Bluetooth, smart key, sound system, fun to drive, leather interior, moon roof, good lumbar support for driver and many adjustments possible for driver seat.

