the power the comfort the envy the looks the stares amazin 

The looks, the sound of the exhaust and that 6.1 liter in the upper RPM band, the awesome Kicker sound system, the looks and comments from everyone.

navigation and uconnect easy to use and fun to play with----i loaded a vast amount of music in my gig drive for the many road trips i plan to take it has lots of little extras that most cars don't have. 

Smooth shifter, very comfortable seats, killer sound system, especially the 30GB hard drive

Power, MyGIG, SIRIUS subscription, and suede and leather seats. Exterior styling is GREAT!! 

HEMI! ( If we leave it to Obama..will all be driving 4 cylinders!) Body style! Color! Great cruise car.

styling and the torrid red color

Sexy exterior looks Corners very sharply Smooth shifting transmission Comfortable seating Plenty of interior room Big trunk Good gas mileage Can turn off electronic stability



Hemi, Hemi Orange paint, comfortable seats, great car for a daily driver

6.1L Hemi rated at 425hp/425ftlbs... 6 speed manual transmission from the Viper... 3.92 rear gears (65mph = 1500rpm in 6th)... Traction control total and hybrid disabling feature... The bolstered leather/alcantara seats... 1970 Challenger exterior styling with modern comforts... 

Lots of trunk space, very comfortable to drive long distances. Very quiet on the highway. Lots of horsepower to play with. Corners very well. Handles bumpy roads extremely well. Stops on a dime and gives you change. Outstanding sound system, it will put the ricers to shame. 

MyGig and of course the HEMI.

I love the styling more than just about anything. I'm a young guy who wasn't alive during the original muscle car days, but I surely can appreciate amazing styling when I see it! The 6speed and the 5.7 HEMI (that still gets almost 30 mpg on the freeway as I calculated over a 3000 mile trip) is great

Under 5 sec. 0-60 mph acceleration and fantastic retro styling. Dodge "hit a home run" on this car. The SRT Track Experience and 1-year free Sirus radio are nice bonuses.

The power of the 5.7L Hemi. 

the 6.1 Hemi and 6 speed transmission sells this car. The sheer acceleration and growl of the powerful engine is its best feature. The car's navigation and blue-tooth sync system is also very nice. Feels like a luxury car more than a rugged Muscle Car inside.

The styling, power, Kicker Audio System, fit and finish, GREAT bolstered seats (heated and embossed leather), comfort are ALL great! Best feature is how retro it looks. It;s like owning a classic '70's Challenger, but without the demand of regular repairs and adjustments. Just start it and GO!

The looks, bar none. I've wanted a Challenger since I saw the concept in 2006 and the production car looks even better than the concept did. The 6.1 isn't nearly as fast as my old Vettes, but with about 700 pounds more heft, that's expected. The pistol grip is to die for and I LOVE my B5 Blue color.

Hemi Orange color sure gets attention. People love the car and how it looks. Twenty inch wheels look great; nice growl from the exhaust pipes; excellent boulevard and freeway ride. Has a wind noise free and quiet ride, and a great sound system. 

Trak Pack, 6 speed manual, 345cid Hemi, sound system, out side style

Leather, POWER!, smooth ride, retro styling, huge trunk, comfort, radio w/satellite info available, mpg, sunroof, did I mention POWER??? I am now quite used to the hill-start assist, and even think I like it.

Retro look, I fell like I am driving an old muscle car, interior is awsome and roomy too, most comfortable car I have ever driven. Tourque and fast.

the way dodge has brought back the classic look and feel , while adding modern improvements, and not screwing it up

It's a Hemi come on!

Retro look of the complete design.

Deep Sea Blue color and great acceleration.

6.1 hemi has all the get up and go you need. The styling is truely back to muscle car days of years gone by.Its fully loaded with all of the latest gadgets and upgrades! Keyless go is a nifty little trick. Seats are super comfortable and the car handles the road superbly. Excellent trunk space!

being able to brake the rear wheels lose up to 40 mph. :)

Sleek design and the rumble of the engine.

The retro look, the 45 mph rumble is sweet music. Excellent handling, safety features, comfort, appearance inside and out. Surprising rear seat comfort, lots of legroom in front seat, 1/4 in window rolldown when opening and closing the doors is great. Wife loves it, scared to drive it.

Power, styling, comfort, nav/media, interior space. 

The look, the kick, bucket seats. EVERYTHING!!!

Exterior styling, Hemi engine, Ride comfort, The rear seat is actually usable and comfortable, Stereo system

Styling. I can't tell you how many people have stopped me on the street to ask about the car and give compliments.

Exterior, interior,trunk space, engine response,dual exhaust sound,leather seats,rear seat room. 

Looks, Performance and handling. MyGIG and handsfree a blessing on 6 speed. Fit and finish although not perfect is close to it. Seating is great. How about Nav with the Sattelite system is actually SAT NAV. Brembos are incredible! the car is well balanced 

$100,000 of fun for $42,000. It's got the best of the 1970 Challenger with all the modern goodies. It's fast, torquey, comfortable and great looks. It also has a 5-star safety rating to boot! 

Bluetooth,HDD,Navigation 



the fit and finish, my son call it his hot rod!!!

Styling, Hemi, Bucket Seats, Boston Acoustics Stereo, Drive Quality, Build Quality, 20 inch rims.. Luv it all!!!

The power of a Hemi, the handling, comfortable seats, very smooth ride, and a wonderful rumble every time she starts.

The sound of the Hemi 370+ HP engine. The looks one gets. The my gig and iPod interface blasting 70s and 80s music like Heart, Journey, and REO. 3D navigation and voice recogniation. Feeling young again. 

it feels solid and quiet when i drive. the fit and trim is first rate. the stereo sounds good. handling is sporty.

The exterior design. The 6-speed manual transmission. The sound of the exhaust. The front bucket seats. The appearance of the gauges.

Its got a HEMI and rear wheel drive with a 6 speed tranny,leather heated seats, and it looks every bit as cool a classic muscle car from the 70's. Like a 'cuda with a Mercedes suspension and a Viper drivetrain.I like the fold down seats in the back and the trunk space.

Exterior styling, coolest seats, Power power, and more power. And if you really want even more power, some fairly simple aftermarket mods will push this car well over 500HP.

The looks, the 6 speed transmission, the leather seats, and the hidden ESP off feature.

The sound of the exhaust inside and out. Very comfortable. Looks great.

Smoking tires, parking lot fish-tail, stop light rev are all great but these seats are to die for! I think someone on the Challenger team stole these from the Viper and didn't tell anyone.

Manual transmission is fun to drive, very comfortable seats, large trunk, Excellent stereo (7 speaker with subwoofer), many computerized interior features (uconnect is great). Exhaust has a great sound. HID headlights.

When it runs, it is fast.

The leather interior with its retro "tuck and roll" look is super cool as well as comfortable. The car is big, heavy and imposing - which I like.

I love the looks, the leather in the interior is great, the car still has the new smell some 2 months after I got it. The performance is great, i just wish the wheel slip system would kill all the fun, but safety first. The stereo is great, my iPod kicks out the tracks and the system bangs it out

Power, styling, bluetooth mobile capability, remote start, awesome sound system. Nice combo of performance and styling. Fun to drive.

Styling and ride

Looks. Performance, six speed manual short shift, smooth ride and OK handling for a big car.

Brilliant black with 20" chrome wheels with no stripes. The 5.7/6 speed combo rules.The front buckets have lots of room for a big guy. Stereo/nav excellent.

Performance, retro look, comfort, and, the unbelivable attention this car gets.

The retro styling mixed with the new style 20" wheels and Hemi motor go together like peas and carrots

Very deep, throaty exhaust note with the 6-speed - if I didn't know any better I'd swear it already has a Borla catback system on it. Very solid overall feeling. It really doesn't feel like it weighs 2 tons. Has all of the best features of the original 70 model (and then some) without the drawbacks.

Power, styling, quality of design and manufacture. The MDS engine gives great mileage on the highway. The MyGig system has me hooked on it, never want to be without it again! Sound system options, six source choices to pick from. 

The look, comfort and handling abilities.

Style. Period. Both inside and out. New car smell. Predictable handling. Did I mention it looks great? 

Body style rocks!

Love the styling and power. Better build quality than my old infiniti. More reliable and gets more looks too.

The Sirius radio built in, and the self repair tires. The overall feel of the drive. Plenty of space in the front for being a two door. Almost everything. 

Power, looks, and the wife is tickled. What more can you ask except maybe lower gas prices?

design, comfort, power, gas mileage

Love the styling and the performance. I get more looks in it than when I had my Acura NSX. Too bad the NSX was unreliable and sort of a chick car

The design that reminds me of the old Challenger. Love the layout of the odometer and other readouts. Having the GPS system is really a great perk 

Fit and finish on the body for a production car is outstanding. Wide stance and tough appearance. Tight road feel and heads turning. While rolling at around 25 miles slam your foot down and it rockets to higher than legal limits in seconds.

Retro look and beautiful interior.

