Sport package seats and heaters (they're fast). Chunky steering wheel. Exterior style. Back seat is most usable in this class.

More power please!!!

Overall ride quality, engine performance, very responsive feel behind the wheel. Beautiful exterior; great fit and finish.

Automatic transmission with DS mode. DS mode makes an automatic great... went in wanted a manual transmission but after driving the automatic I was converted. Comfort Access - worth it. Push button start - love it. Seats and all the adjustments are great! Interior styling is perfect.

Sheer performance exhilaration!!

Jet black color is awesome clean and shined! WOW! Love the body contouring, it just looks lean and mean. Love the cruise controls, easy to use. Auto wipers rock, even shut off in the down position if car is turned off early. Very SOLID built interior. It is built to last, like my 18 yr old BMW.

smooth and swift acceleration, sweet sound from the engine, nice feel at high speed

Horse power and handling. I am 6'5" tall and there is a lot of head room.

Convertible top, interior styling and outside finish. Drives great and is quite the head turner. Bluetooth and XM radio are the bomb. Sport package and premium package finish it out nicely. 

Pretty much everything...less before mentioned cup holders.

Engine, it's perfection.

Firm steering and just the "seat of your pants" feel. The all wheel drive is incredible!!! The coupe is the best looking car on the road. Sirius Radio and bluetooth is great!

Engine, comfort of driving position, and the way it handles all type of roads and driving situations. New wet braking is great here in Florida. Auto is very responsive in manual mode when you want to race.

Exterior design. Bluetooth and premium package.

-Amazing dual purpose character - total refinement at moderate throttle turns to pleasant snarl at high RPM; -Semi-auto is push-forward for downshifts - perfect! -DSC allows a little tail action, even fully engaged; -lights on exterior door handles are one of those great touches -Bluetooth

Seats, Acceleration, Very low road noise. Engine purrs like a cat.

Fun to drive.

Acceleration, fit and look as well as gas mileage.

Engine, gearbox, handling, seats and gorgeous looking exterior design.

Fully integrated iPOD, power, sound system, seats, bluetooth, steering.

performance, handling, fuel efficient, seat comfort

Engine, Steering, Handling, Radio

The new iDrive is fine. Like having the hard drive for my music. Handles beautifully except for the run-flat tires.

The word is refinement to describe the car.

Very nice touch with door handles illuminating when unlocking doors.

Handle, quality, and performance.

- Exterior design 

Ride performance

Handling and speed.

Interior - clean design, quiet and comfortable.

Performance, Handling and Ride

Power, handling, voice control and Premium package.

sport seats, satellite radio, optional sport drive & paddle shifting

Standard stereo is great and the iPod adapter is fantastic. All materials are top quality.

Performance and handling, gas mileage, front seat comfort.

The engine is great. I really like the interior. What initially got my attention was the exterior styling. I still find myself smiling when I'm walking across a parking lot toward it. The transmission is smooth. The fit and finish are superb. There's very little not to like about this car

Power, cruise Control Folding Mirrors in Premium Package 

NAV, play DVD movies while in park, HD AM/FM radio. 

Car handles exceptionally well. Feels very refined.

Xenons, stereo, handling, growl of engine, chestnut brown interior is beautiful with the metallic silver. This CPO also had the upgraded 17" all season tires - the rims are beautiful - really give it an aggressive look.

Stabilization and tight turning radius, power. 

Performance, handling, styling, Dinan engine upgrade, Bluetooth, hard drive for media and navigation, and the MyInfo feature to send information from Google Maps to the vehicle.

Daytime running lights, sports seats, leather, and sports mode

Great stock sound system and quick throttle performance. Good curve handling and looks great. Speed is definitely the most important factor with this car because it's fast.

Exterior styling, engine, performance, idrive (no I'm not crazy!)

Overall build quality and driving performance

Extra wide back tires, the i-Drive, lights on the door handle (makes car glow like a spaceship at night), automatic adjusting side mirrors when backing up, ability to talk to BMW assist rep. When driving to get driving directions, built in theft detection system (like LowJack), Bluetooth works great!

Power



Handling, build quality.

The hardtop convertible, the no lag twin turbos, and contrary to other raters, the I drive, and the Nav are my favorite features. The Nav and I Drive are easier to use and superior to two other cars I've owned with Nav.

I will have to comment on this later

4yr pay nothing warranty. Itunes integration! Every car should have it. Well worth the $400. New black anthracite window trim on spt package, new iDrive and GPS screen. Front end & rear back quarter view styling. Elegant yet mean looking at the same time. 

Engine, drive feel and performance are awesome! Heated seats and steering wheel (heat up VERY fast); folding side mirrors (nice in tight garage); overall, a great ride.

Twin turbo engine, new nav system, handling, interior, Dakota leather.

Powerful engine, heated steering wheel, Bluetooth.

I really like how the windows slightly open/close when entry/exit from the vehicle, ensuring a snug window-frame to frame-of-car contact. Nice touch! You can really get a feel for the quality of build just by closing the heavy trunk lid. Seriously. Open and close one.

Naturally, the most favorite feature is the performance. Nav works great. I read reviews about how horrible iDrive is but, I thought it is overall very user friendly. Easy blue tooth hook up to the phone.

Power/torque

The updated iDrive system for 2009, which I think is only available on a few models, is great! Everything is user-friendly and intuitive. There aren't too many options, and the shortcut buttons are key. Though I never played with the old iDrive, I'm very happy with this option! A must on an BMW!

Engine, tranny (man.), steering, suspension, logic 7 stereo, fit 'n finish, profile, tasman green/saddle brown leather

The Pros: Drives great and nice options. Fuel economy is great as long as you keep your foot out of it. For a man that's hard even with the 230 HP 6 cyl. If you need more speed you probably get more tickets.

The cross-wheel drive system. However, after the 1st gear, the bark and bite of each were very similar in character. Around the corners is where you?ll notice more of a difference, as the 328xi was able to carry more controlled speed through than the RWD.

This car is a real beauty, especially with metallic paint and 17" wheels. People stare at it everywhere. Much roomier than it looks from the outside. Fits me perfectly. Tight handling. Feels rock solid on the road. Fast. Not as cheap looking inside as the C-class.

The new iDrive/nav is great. Finally modern and easy to use. No longer sluggish to respond. Map look is very modern and intuitive. Ability to split the display screen with 2 different maps. The engine and handling - phenomenal. Apple iPod Integration - easy to use and control. 

iDrive and stereo, the iPod integration is great, you have all your music at your finger tips. Also you can rip CDs into the cars hard drive, so no more carrying CDs with you. The smooth transmission through gears, the car has a great sound.

Has to be the hard drive and the ability to rip discs in the car. Also the turbo and the lack of any turbo lag - this thing just goes!

Folding hard top, Comfort Access, Sport seats, iPod adapter, Blue Tooth

The new hard drive that comes with the nav system. No more disk!

Fuel, performance, power, features, value for money, quality, reliability and refinement.

