Storage area in back Stability control feature Anti Theft feature Gear shift area Drink holder expansion Air bag system (like knowing that curtains will drop and surround my family)

Performance with 2.4L Toyotoa engine and 5 speed auto/toggle shift - fold flat rear seats - Monsoon sound system with XM radio - Interior comfort and room - body style - handling



MPG

- Great value - 2.4l with 5 speed auto is a good match for this car - Decent handling and comfort at this econo car price point. - Ergonomics are well thought out with telescoping steering wheel, lots of cup holders (6ish?) and usable storage areas. ie glove box can swallow an SLR camera and GPS

Great seats, power/performance/handling/gas mileage. XM and On-star are nice.

Mileage,quick steering,design,quietness,quality

Sunroof, gear shifter on console

Performance and handling

Good gas mileage even with 2.4L engine with manual. Comfy seats, tons of cargo room, and very fun to drive. Can't beat the price right now. With CARS program, I walked out with a fully loaded Vibe (minus automatic and sunroof) for under 12k includings taxes with cash for clunkers trade-in.

Very good radio with 3 month free XM. 1 year free On Star. Front seating comfortable rear seating adequate. Interior has lots of nice features and touches and exterior is sporty. Fold flat rear seats and passenger front seat give great versatility and capacity.

1) Good blend of General Motors and Toyota Motor technologies. 2) Platinum silver metallic exterior color. 3) Gas mileage is better than the EPA estimate. 4) Quiet cabin 5) Modern exterior look 

Versatility. On board XM. Added power. New classy look. Price

The instrument panel states what gear you're in like Drive, Reverse and so on. The RPM gage is neat with the engine idle reading. And it seems the Vibe has a great pick up on the expressway. 

Versatility, gas mileage, price, looks, comfort, younger image

Great handling, drives like a sports car, and the interior and dash are well thought out. The large control knobs are easy to use while driving and do not detract from the road.

I love the dash board set up, the adjustable seat belts, and the seats are very comfortable. 

5-speed automatic. Stability Control. XM Radio. ABS brakes. Exterior Styling. The Tilt and Telescoping Steering Wheel. 

awd option, also it is improved. traction, vsc standard. nice design feels much higher than most small cars, easy to get in and out of. 2.4 engine nice, good past reliability ratings. xm radio, on star, decent price if would offer some incentives like other gm cars with big rebates incentives

Very good balance of fuel economy and acceleration. Excellent handling and braking. Fun to drive. Bold yet not bizarre styling. Versatile interior. Easier to configure, load and unload than my old minivan. Tap-shift gear set-up is excellent for downshifting on hills. Lots of airbags. 

Comfortable seats-sporty styling-abs- rear disc brakes-traction control- stability control-XM radio-minimal maintenance required



Exterior look, performance and handling. Economical gas mileage.

Great on GAS

Gas mileage: 33 mpg city for the first tank.

FLAT fold down rear seating, XM Radio, comfortable seating

Looks, ride, noise level, value, utility , 5 spd. Trans w/ tap shifter, 6air bags+stand. Safety items.

Updated body style, solid fit and finish, reliable record for past model years and outstanding gas mileage ratings.

comfortable seats, adjustable steering column, back hatch, performance, sunroof open, little interior wind or noise, auto head light system, no charge onstar safe program

The outside temp displays and the handy fold down seats.

Quiet ride, no "noises". Plenty of room and fund to drive. Quick and responsive engine. Above average gas mileage.

My favorite features are the XM radio that displays the station, song and artist without having to do anything, the little triangle window behind the rear doors and just the overall sporty look they gave it. It is very zippy for a 4 cylinder.....you barley touch the gas pedal and your off! 

I enjoy the responsive Pontiac steering, great sleek styling, and the very throaty little 2.4 4 cyl. with the optional auto/manual shift transmission. Overall, a fantastic, quality piece of machinery, that is felt everytime you turn the key.

I like the rear cargo space and the comfortable seats. The steering is very responsive. This vehicle did well in the crash tests and has alot of safety features that are standard. Stability control, 4 wheel anti-lock disc brakes,5 speed auto trans. with tap shifting, side airbags. 

Fuel mileage, handling, addition of more bottle holders, smoother steering.

Reliability, price, mpg.

XM radio, sport tires and wheels, ease of putting down back seats for extra space, handling. 

Cargo Space, versatility, small size, and AWD

XM radio, OnStar, OnStar phone feature, fold flat 60/40 rear seats and non- carpetted cargo area, LATCH, almost EVERYTHING! CON: the gear shifter is poorly designed (see improvements)

Mpg, storage capacity, reliability, handling in snowy conditions, and general design.



Gorgeous design, beats Matrix and Caliber. Awesome 18" alloy wheels/ they look great, unsurpassed interior luxuries, lots of cargo space, loving the stereo system, very smooth ride/which helps to ease stress on fragile pieces of artwork I often move from place to place, 'I mention it looks great?

MPG / Utility ratio. Build Quality.

The mpg, the stereo, the quickness of the car, and the adequate cargo room in the back

High gas mileage. Easy to drive. The seats are comfortable for a car in that price range. Fit and finish are great. That proves two companies can produce a great vehicle.

Quiet ride. Very smooth shifting. mpg, mpg, mpg.



Monsoon radio, style, interior room, handling in city and highway. (I just zip past all those gas guzzling suv's) Love the 18 inch rims. 

Sound System, XM Radio, Steering Wheel Controls, Very Comfortable Front Seats, Hatchback Versatility, Exterior Styling, Fun-to-Drive, Engine Power, 

Responsive engine and transmission - well done interior.

Onstar, great in ice and snow, good gas mileage, turns on a dime, roomy for its size, rear seats fold down

The ability to change the lighting of the gauges. 



Remote keyless entry, good radio/cd, fold flat back seats provide convenient large hauling capacity, power mirrors, proven Toyota powertrain, low maintenance, height adj driver seat, tilt/telscopic steering wheel, cruise, fuel economy, OnStar, easy to use hvac controls, big glove box, 110V power.

I love the way it handles the road and I love that sun defector in the windshield between the sun visers

enjoying the handling and roominess and comfort

The Monsoon radio. Handling in ice and snow. Great agility in traffic and how it feels at home on the highway.

The XM radio, the steel blue color which sometimes has a purple cast and also gray cast to it, gas mileage also, gas door opening from inside, the upgrade from stock wheels

Rear seats fold down flat. Has a 110V power receptical. Tight turning ratio. Excellent radio.

XM radio, OnStar, rear cargo organizer

Looks, handling, interior room, gas mileage.

Handles great in ice and snow.

Great interior, tilt and telescoping wheel, lots of cup holders, lots of zip, handles well in the snow and ice, tons of cargo room

So far I like everything about the vehicles. Only a few minor quibbles.

XM rocks, comfy ride, I think the interior is really gorgeous. 

I like the smooth engine and sharp handling, and the styling is some of the best in this price range. The interior is thoughtfully-designed, the controls are simple and intuitive, (even the radio), and the seats are comfortable. The Monsoon stereo sounds great, and XM is standard.

I like the extra package storage and the 120 V outlet. I also like the interior fuel door opener

Monsoon radio, sunroof, 18 inch rims, all of the room inside. AC electrical outlet. 

Responsive engine.

Gas mileage

XM radio, sunroof, overall design is very modern and appealing. Roomy back seat and lots of head room!

For safety reasons standard traction/stability control, and 6 airbags was a big plus over competition. Fuel economy and storage space makes it a much better option over an SUV. GM interest rates and incentives just made us laugh at Toyota salesmen pitches as well.

Peppy 2.4 engine, Monsoon stereo system, awesome headlights, comfortable seats, dashboard lighting

Simple radio and temperature controls. 

Never thought I'd say this, but all of the cup holders and storage cubbies are great. The seats are really comfortable for my bad back. Love that the rear seats fold truly flat. Roomy interior and back seats that a real person can sit in are a major plus for a small car.

selling it!

Sunroof Sound Cup holders (plenty of them!) Door pockets for maps Double-tiered glove box Fold down rear seats to hold construction materials Pretty red Inside lever to open gas tank door. Removable rear seat headrests allow better view out back (they obstruct when not removed)

i like the white color, and that is it a hatchback with a wide opening.Better gas mileage than my Lexus. I am seated high. Seats are comfy .

The change from the usual all red Pontiac lights and sticking with the Toyota's interior is nice. I love the leather trimmed seats, Monsoon stereo, storage, 3-prong outlet, storage bin in the trunk, sunroof, and overall sportier look.

Seating and radio. Needs mute button though.

provides some sporty accents along with the practical elements of needed cargo space. Driving console is well laid out with easy to use controls. 2.4 L engine distracts the driver from the fact that they are driving a small car. Good set of head lamps for unlit highway driving.

It's fold flat seats, towing capacity, MPG, stereo, and cup holders/storage.

Economical but powerful engine...the fact that this is a Toyota with Pontiac branding! Hello to saving $3,000 AND getting a load of options - Sunroof, sweet sound system, power everything (but seats) and cruise...you can't find a better bargain. Plus I know this "Pontoyota" is going to be reliable!

Comfort, cargo capacity, looks, value of what you get for the price. XM & OnStar. 6 airbags, Stabilitrak, 4-wheel anti-lock disc brakes. 

Gas mileage, general build quality. 

"Ginormous" cargo capacity, fun to drive, ride quality, OnStar & XM, seats, everything you get for the price!

Handles very well. Steering is not sloppy, and the engine is quiet and gives good acceleration. Basic model is well-equipped. Love the new styling. Clutchless shifting option included on the automatic! 

MPG has been just under 30 average. I cannot complain.

gas mileage, xm radio, Toyota build quality, easy loading and unloading

Exterior, mileage, and warranty

the look, the ride, the way it handles, the stereo with xm radio

Mystic blue color is pretty funky. Looks and feels good on the road Good MPG for what it does.

Overall new sporty look. The satellite radio, on-star, love-love-love the wheels!

color and style, cruise control (very easy to use), hands free calling, lg glove box

Performance, styling and quality. Also like radio (but don't know if I will keep XM) Sun roof but too hot to use it yet. OnStar security. Toyota engine quality and shiftable 5 sp auto transmission. Cargo capacity. Good warranty. Air bags out the ying yang. 

Gas mileage and ride.

XM-radio and all the many safety features.Also love the wheels really sharp.

I love the new look, just looks awesome. Also the gauge cluster is very easy to read and can be as bright as you want, super cool. I just can't wait to put 20 inch rims on this car.

2.4 L engine, 18" wheels, stability & traction control, 6 airbags, disc brakes all around, looks of the vehicle, gas mileage, etc.

Powerful 2.4L gets great mileage. Responsive steering, breaking, acceleration. "Vibrant" styling. This ride looks good.



Handling and performance

Installed after market leather seats and heaters and really like them. Makes the interior much plusher. Too bad Pontiac did not offer as option. They do offer some cheap half leather option on the gt model but not the awd.

Mileage, looks, comfort, roominess, practical sound system, auto headlights.

Leather trimmed seats, Onstar, XM Radio, great performance, sunroof.

Sunroof, stereo, engine power, storage capacity

XM Radio

Room, gas mileage, funky metallic blue color, ride, peppiness

Gas mileage

Gas mileage, Interior room, Style

Attractive interior with gear shift lever placed right at hand. Cruise control switch is easy to use and has a "cancel" position. Hands free OnStar phone is great. I'll renew OnStar but not XM radio after trial periods.

Comfort, handling, style. Stereo sounds great (Tool sounds incredible). Seats fold down and produce a large cargo area. For the extra bucks on the GT you will get better vehicle that is fun to drive and all the base model owners will envy you. 

