Looks really cool, drives like a sports car. Room for a lot of gear. Great view of road. The brakes could not be better.

Leather seats, audio system,roomy and everything else. So easy to dress up. Handles superb. Not sure about gas mileage yet. Seems to be great.Really sporty look.

The color only

Everything. For under 20k in dollars, this car gives you a lot. Seamless iPod integration is a plus. Stock Pioneer equipment is very nice. Safety feature set is excellent for the price. 

Looks of exterior, Nav system, series 6 limited addition only 2500 built

The highway ride feels great. I drive an HHR for my job and altho pleased I prefer my XB because of the better view and more space in the interior.Also I like the XB because there is not a saturation of them on the road as compared to the PT cruisers and HHRs.

e is tolerable but I wouldn?t call it good. I?m getting about 24 miles to the gallon. Also, people putting mileage figures on here don?t be lazy, do the math and don?t just put up what the trip computer tells you up here! Overall good vehicle, I have 2 teenagers and they fit well.Buy a hitchitsgreat

Room in the car, Performance, steering wheel control. shelf underneath the back seat.

Interior Room Front and Back, The extra power, up from 103 horsepower to 158

the 5 speed manual, cd player and the head and leg room im six two and feel great driving this on long trips.

The xB came with a nice list of standards features that s impressive to over 40 crowd but is probably expected by the under 30 buyer. Lots of room for each passenger; Great head room for loading/unloading children in car seats; Storage under rear seat; Plenty of zoom-zoom.

comfort. power and roominess.

Handling, reliability, fuel economy, acceleration, interior space, lots of customizing options.

Steering, good corning, fine Air Cond, silver color, and overall looks

I had to get my own cd player I got mesmerize with the player I saw in the catalog so I had to get it. Which I did. They will install it for you for free too. 



Love the digital readout & off set instrument layout. Easy loading stuff in the back and very happy with mileage! 

Appearance, fuel economy, fun-to-drive

Nice stereo, head room, cargo space, handling, pick up, style and looks...really nice to look at, reliability, Ipod hook up, cool interior design. 

Nav system, bluetooth, spacious interior, made by Toyota!

Deceptively large interior. Amazing turning radius. 5M tranny has amazing power and is soooo fun to drive! Love all the storage space!

Balance of performance and comfort, interior roominess, amount of features for price, customizability, the way it feels like you're in a small SUV but not wrecking the environment. Pretty much everything.

Everything, especially the turning Radius in this vehicle

The pioneer stereo with download capability and the cargo space.

Power, drivability, the ride,and fuel mileage...

The crisp handling and the tight turning radius are my favorite features. I make long trips in this vehicle and I find the seats comfortable on long distance all-day drives. 

utility value, size vs. room, 158 hp, style, ease of entry, color, funky and different, programmable radio greeting.

Good power, good visibility, great turning radius, better than expected mileage, comfortable seating, fits 4 adults easily, good cargo capacity. A great mini-mini van

IPOD adapter, Power Everthing, Cruise, Trip computer, Wide Variety of Mix and match opitons available (you pick what you like - you're not limited to "sport" or "luxury" package of options), Rear seat room, Safety Features, Standard Traction control, and 4 wheel-disc anti-lock brakes.

MP3 and Ipod docking, headrests, interior room, easy fold down seats, good cargo room with seats down. Good pick-up for highway merge. Great headroom - most I've ever had! Like the pump up/down seat too.

Nice mix of standard features for the price.

value, huge space, ingress/egress, incredible ride and handling compromise, torquey engine, quietness, safety, reliability

Riding higher than a normal sedan, seat comfort, safety features, and roomy feeling. Also, the heater warms the car up quickly. Hope it will cool as well in the summer! 

Flexibility, performance (I can do 0- 60 in about 7.5 seconds); gas mileage (24.5 in town driving-so far!); upgraded sound system; manu-matic transmission; roominess; headlights (best I've ever seen-pun intended!); acceleration; safety (stability control, ABS and side curtain airbags standard)!!!

I love the head room and the way the position of the 5 speed manual sits on the console. Love the cargo room and the fold down seats. The digital speedometer is great for my teenagers learning to drive. Great room in the trunk for a fold down wheelchair. Also love the tinted windows.

Lots of room. Traction and stability control, Anti lock brakes, Lots of safty features

Cargo space, handling, fun to drive.

Ease of ingress/egress, interior space, standard VSC/traction control/full airbag complement/4-wheel ABS disc brakes with EBD, True iPod connectivity AND an AUX port, standard power everything, and a much-improved engine (158 hp even with an automatic really moves and has "manu-matic" capability).

Great pickup.

Clean design, full array of safety equipment comes standard, fun driving dynamics, good fuel economy (26mpg in town; 33mpg highway),interior space, very good standard audio system, the Stingray metallic blue color.

The convenience features,i.e, power door locks, remote entry, power windows, cruise control. I really like the dashboard layout and lighting also.

The look, space, stereo system with MP3 and Ipod capabilities, gauges are easy to read and it is easy/fun to drive, it's peppy, has good fuel economy.

Interior space and advanced safety features. One of my main stipulations is low interior noise. The xB has a good rating.

I love the onboard information display. I can monitor fuel economy and quickly determine how soon I may need to fill up on a trip. That's a nice feature when traveling through the open expanses of the southwest. The vehicle comes standard with power options at a very nice price.

Styling, performance and price.

Gets good gas mileage, peppy, roomy, good stereo, comfortable interior and traction control. I love the digital speedometer and the fact that you can haul a quite a bit of stuff with the seats folded down. The resale value with it being a toyota is a huge plus also!

Price, fuel economy (got 30.9 miles per on a recent trip), storage capacity. I also like the way the xB handles on the highway (much better than my Tribute). Great acceleration for a 4 cyl. The standard stereo is wonderful. Overhead console is a nice addition for storage.

I sit higher than most cars in traffic. I have been able to Fit full length 2x4's and full load of other lumber and still closed the back. The flat roof makes it perfect for loading my Kayak. 

Looks great nice rear seat room. Best in class for the $

Instrument panel. Digital speedo is very easy to see The middle panel location is never blocked by steering wheel Very roomy front and back. The spare storage tray under rear deck is very handy Driving visibility is great. 

Ride, comfort, style, gas mileage, 

Safety features, Sturdy in heavy traffic, Great style, Awesome stock stereo

plenty of power for a small call, I like the digital display, the room inside and the standard vehicle stability control feature it has. I also like the IPod connection



Performance, fuel economy, looks and all around versatility.

center gauges are unique but I find very appropriate. Very comfortable seat even though it could use a bit more side support. Design is unique inside and out, seems to appeal to young and old. Good job Toyota

Love the smooth ride and shifting (automatic) even with the cruise control. 

illumination lights on the inside, love the way it handles and all the extras that came with it at a price i can afford

95% of everything

Plenty of room. Rides and handles decent for a small car. Good power. Nice stereo. Fun to drive on short trip, good room in the seat. Price

Spacious interior, folding rear seats so there is plenty of room for the Golf Clubs and Cart. Love the Stingray Metallic color and the get up and go. iPod plugin feature is nice.

Exterior looks; instrument panel; roomy inside; so much fun to drive; peppy and stable on the highway; holds the road well even when passing trucks.

The ample interior space is the best feature which makes the car comfortable to drive.

Easy in and out (i have baby and car seat is problem for other cars) Leg Room - Great Head Room - Excellent

The looks, fun to drive, how I feel when I'm driving it...and my wife is happy!! Has all the features I wanted without having to upgrade to a more expensive model.

Good gas mileage, fun to drive, Just love the room inside my little SHOE. We have the 16 inch alum wheels, Fog lights, and rear spooler put on. We have 3500 miles on the car, Have had the car 2 months. We take it, now more the the other car. Love it on long trips, Runs very good at 70 & over 

My favorite feature is how is sits. It looks low and sleek.

interior space! Love that the back seats fold flat for my German Shepherd, and the ipod sync is awesome!

Power, handling, safety, interior room, sound system.

good get up and go, Ipod ready, pioneer stereo, sleeker yet still boxy look, it's kinda like the old gangster cars, I like the chop top look! Lots of add on options, and best of all, Chicks dig the XB!!

Solid feel, roominess, powerful engine for a 4 cyl.

Big look and comfort, small price and footprint. Seamless iphone/ipod connectivity. Great looks and functionality. Love driving it and passengers love riding in it especially on the "couch" of a rear seat, it's huge and has legroom enough for Shaq. 

Looks, gas mileage, handling, interior size

Seat comfort, roominess, iPod capability, power, fuel efficiency, and safety (airbags galore).

All the standard features, the low price, interior space, comfort and interior space.

The inside is big enough for a family of 3 or 4 with smaller children. I like where the gages are placed, you don't have to look over or through the steering wheel to view them. It is very fun to drive. I like the suv feel, but it is still a car. Exterior is super cute. 

Style, color, interior room. Gas mileage. Dash readings are convenient. Sound system good, Ipod hookup cool.

the new look of the 2009 XB

roomy, fuel economy, handling

The new Pioneer Stereo and the interior. 

The style and look of the car. 

Looks, peppy engine, fun to drive, head and leg room.

I like the comfort of the seats. I think the display and radio are great. It drives like a dream. My wife wants one now. If we wouldn't lose our butt on her car I would get it in a heartbeat. 

Gread CD player and all the standard functions are great as well.

Great safety features: ABS, VSC, airbags. Good gas mileage and I expect that to improve. Cool looks ext/interior. Roomy inside, handling, my dealership offers a Life Time Warranty on the powertrain!!!



Clutch/Shifter Silky smooth engine All the safety features (stab control, curtain airbags, anti-lock brakes) Build quality Seats Space Interior textiles and plastics

Big Camry motor. Not bad mpg. You can add stuff as you get the money. Super roomy.

Styling. Power. Mileage. Cruise control. Handling. Audio system (Base Pioneer system).

Room ( front and back ) Power ( hard to believe the pick up ). Interior ( no complaints ). It's "COOL", as the grand-kids say.

