This is fun to drive, great window visibility, like sitting higher than in my car, ease if all controls.

fit and finish

Smooth engine, quiet interior, nice stereo, lots of interior storage, lots of safety features, excellent build quality.



8-way adjustable driver seat, dual-zone climate control, 2nd row B-Pillar vents, 3rd row auxiliary climate control, style, quietness, 1st and 2nd row leg room, 115v power outlet (at rear of vehicle).

Cabin very roomy. Fit and finish very good.

Good driver position/visibility. Rear corners - roof support posts not too wide - don't block view too much. Manual (high reliability) seat adjustment - tilt/height/lumbar and steering tilt adjustment. Rear under deck storage. Good drink holder & placement. 3.3L will jump if you need it. Love the XM.

Quiet, smooth ride, great in the snow, love the stereo, great AC, great price of course, nice size, not a monster but big enough to (barely) load in drywall, I think it looks decent, certainly respectable. The V6 is smooth and powerful, warranty includes 5 yr 60000 full coverage, insurance is cheap 

I like the 5 speed auto transmission.

Ride is firm, yet quiet and smooth, good power, form fit and function.

Quiet ride, handling, fit and finish, excellent inclusive features, great visibility, sound system, best warranty.

Honestly, no unfavorite features at all

smooth quiet ride. room / space. looks. PRICE / PRICE !!

Blue dash lighting, iPod interface, 242hp, third row, interior/exterior styling, Homelink, auto-dim mirror, power seat, easy to up grade to after market audio/video unlike Toyota or Honda...if necessary ;) and most importantly PRICE!! 

Driver's seat, moonroof, 18" wheels, leather steering wheel with mounted controls. 

total package is excellent test drove every vehicle in its class dollar and excellent selection

Dual climate controls..USB adapter for mp3's or data stick..lots of storage n the back..2nd row seats tilt back for extra comfort..gas mileage is as listed or better on freeway..

The privacy window tint is not too dark and is beneficial for warmer days. The MP3 CD player and the iPod connection is a real plus. Plenty of hidden cargo space.

Love the XM radio and IPod, the Ipod connection is what sold me on the Santa Fe. Love the lighting on the dials, so easy to see in dusk/dawn conditions. Engine is so quiet and do love the 'shiftronic' from 1st gear to 4th to give you that manual transmission feel. love the lighter interior options.

The wide cargo area has ample room to haul things.

Ventilation on B pillar for second row seats.

Comfort,driving position,spacious interior, xm radio, quality and the great visibility in the front sides and especially the rear

XM radio built in, plenty of power with 2.7 V6, quiet ride, fit and finish, great visability. Good radio !! I don't know why people are complaining about the radio? Its just fine.

windshield wipers perform perfectly even in extreme bad weather better than my Honda pilot, our Toyota Forerunner, and Toyota Prius 2009

smooth ride with good gas mileage for size plenty of room ,4 . hitch and will tow well ! 

Kids love the DVD player. I like the feeling of being high up. The rear door opens very easily and the third row seat has adequate space for a midsize SUV.

Interior, overall look, ride, cargo space, warranty and price.

very nice interior, Quiet, nice sound system with USB

Layout of controls are great, easy to read. Love the blue accent interior lighting. Back seats "recline" Nice touch for long rides.

Satellite Radio, Leather seats, Lighted cupholders, Outstanding 10- speaker, 600-watt premium sound system in the Limited.

the outside look is very sharp, nice clean sleek lines, and the color - slate blue is beautiful...

Audio controls on the steering wheel. Usb jack and audio jack for the cd/radio player. Compartment in back that opens up and has separate compartments inside.

