Engine, XM, seats, highway ride, highway mileage 25, on regular gas. No rattles so far which for an American car in unheard of.

Kids like the sun/moon roof and power everything, my wife likes the heads turning everytime we drive it, I like the attention to detail and craftsmanship dodge put into this car. They got the power, engine sound, ride and handling dialed in perfectly. And the life time powertrain warranty duh!

The interior is well thought out and executed. The ergonomics and comfort factors were thoroughly designed with the taller of the human's considered. I am six foot tall and dont fit in most cars. The leather interior coupled with the power bucket seats make for a very comfortable cabin. 

Just about everything.

Hemi engine, great ride quality, more than adequate handling for real world driving, variable (4 or 8) cylinder modes for gas mileage.

The front of this beast scares all other cars out the way. I love the feeling of owning the road. I'm the Piped Piper of the highway.

The engine, the engine, the engine. It's amazing. The ride is excellent & smooth. The interior lighting is subtle but exhumes elegance. It?s a great car.

The Mygig Infotainment system with nav and Sirius make travel a joy. Chose "Where am I?" and you can watch the streets and cross roads as you come to them so you know where you are easier than looking for street signs. Program your trip and voice direction guides you there. The sunroof adds pleasure

As I've gotten familiar with the drivetrain I'm able to indulge my inner holligan without turning of the traction control.The ride and handling are great,which is important in MI during Spring when potholes propigate.The brakes do a great job stopping short when a wheel-killing hole can't be dodged.

Looks, but looks are deceiving.

Hemi, Variable Valve Timing, MDS. Amount of drifting ESP allows-fun and safe. Being 6'1" the adjustable pedals and power seat affords me a driving position I've only dreamed of. Stereo is awesome, tune the sat. radio to Classic Vinyl, put the seat back and drift back to dream crusin' on Woodward.

Brilliant black paint. Recaro seats embossed with R/T emblems.Sound system. Hemi- very fast.



the hemi the styling i get looks everywhere i go the kicker audio system is awesomse and has alot of bass the handling and the uconnect multimedia system is cool 

The Road and Track package is great. The seats are night and day from the standard seats. The ability to shift manually is fun and the upgraded stereo system is awesome. It connects with your phone through bluetooth and is a lifesaver in Ca. where we have to have hands free. The Hemi is the star

The dash read outs, the Navigation, bluetooth, Siruis Radio, Stereo, the power, quietness, wheels, comfort, DVD player, climate control AC and Heat. 

