The Ipod Interface to the stereo is great if you are a tech & music lover. I love the roomy interior and style. For its size it gets good fuel economy. I recommend the all weather floor mats & trunk mat.

head room

Comfortable seats, passenger seat could be higher. AWD is well done!! MPG very acceptable, simple interior controls, excellent space with rear seats down. Nice compass, temp and mileage display. Love this vehicle!!

Visibility, panoramic moonroof, comfort, nice ride, symmetric all wheel drive, good handling.

Fun to drive, parks easy, good gas mileage, great visibility. Large back seat. Great headroom.

AWD, ride, mileage.

huge moonroof, looks (wheels, hood scoop, rear wing, and optional sport grill look awesome!), handling, AWD, stereo controls on steering wheel, size, visibility (vs RAV4), ground clearance, leather heated seats with lumbar support, rugged package, safety features

Handling, great ride (far better than Toyota), cargo space, visibility.

Outstanding AWD capability, plenty of interior room, great safety equipment, sport shift, and the handling and turn radius rock!

AWD... for those that never had it "Yes" you do prize it all the time, not just during poor weather. Gravel roads, sharp curves....you just go straight to your destination.

Interior is nicely done... love the size of the moonroof!

Performs great in sand, mud, ruts, etc., but since everything inside rattles, it's no fun to drive

Exterior styling, large moonroof, vehicle stability control, heated seats

The heated leather seats, moon roof, climate control, and drive. It is very comfortable compared to the others we tested. The road noise is minimal up to 65 mph. Plenty of space. Extra leg room in back seat. All weather package. Great car.

Interior design and assembly quality. Large moon-roof (remains and quite unless fully opened). Supportive driver seat and room (I am 6?2). Cruising range. Power and transmission beating old Focus. Manual gear control. Rear seats? room, armrests and cup holders. Sound of stereo in SRS mode.

100% Japanese: engine, transmission, final assembly... you can't go wrong with that, huge moonroof, fun to drive, a lot of visibility, roomy, beautiful black leather interior, gauges are simple and easy to use, perfect for my two kayaks. If you're considering a new Forester, go for top of the line. 

no fading exterior paint job that lasts for 60 years. Optional fabric treatment that resists stains and won't absorb smells like the dog or smoking.

Gas mileage. Too early to tell on reliability or AWD system in bad weather.

Heated fabric front seats, reclining back seat, auto-dimming rear view mirror with compass & the sleek control panel

Great visibility. The iPod interface. Big moon roof. Gas mileage.

Size, space, gas mileage, symmetrical AWD, sunroof, excellent visibility, all weather package, tight turning circle, maneuverability, standard air bags everywhere, standard stability control. Drove from Utica, NY to NYC averaged 27 MPG @ 70 MPH. From Paul Smith's NY to Utica averaged 30.7 MPG/60 MPH

Basic simplicity with total refinements of a day to day car (SUV- FES) with a personality. Yea, I like the power and all wheel drive. 

Fits well in my garage, wipers

"Right" size (depending on your needs). Fun to drive. Durable. So improved over last years car. I can laugh at my friends when they are filling up their big V8 trucks and gas is $6 per gallon, in a year or two.

All-wheel drive

Leather seats (LL Bean), lumbar support, moon roof, AWD, nice clean modern appearance inside and out.

Turbo power, acceleration, huge moonroof, iPod interface, perfect size for family of 4, 

It has power to spare. 224 hp in such a small package is crazy. Handling is very nimble. You've got to keep the steering wheel aimed the right direction as you can often go faster than expected. The brakes (4 discs) also do a good job of slowing you down. Rear seating is great but only for two. 

Design, larger seating room in front & rear, smoked glass, power seats 10 way, MPG display.

Love the ride so far... except for the rattle on uneven road and weird noise in the back when it starts running.

Visibility and ease of parking!



head room leg room cargo

Basically, the new 2009 Forrester has everything I can get from mid-sized SUV, incl (with the turbo), a horsepower-to weight ratio that makes this a LOT more fun to drive. And, unlike the mid-sized SUVs, the Forester mileage is avg 25 city/hwy. I love the "puddle lights" & backlit blue dash.

Simple controls, large sun roof, fun turbo, car like handling, smooth ride, low road noise, 6 foot cargo bed.

Sunroof and the brightness inside the vehicle from it, car-like handling, gas mileage, exterior and interior styling, plenty of room, safety features, Subaru AWD, reclining back seats, excellent quality for cloth seats, Subaru customer service.

Fun, fun, fun to drive.

Turbo - wow. Love the size, handling, visibility and color. Safety features are exceptional. 

This car is a joy to drive. Fit and finish is excellent. Car is roomy and comfortable. So far, legend Subaru dependability is evident. I love the style of the 2009 model.

Gas mileage is the only thing I'd say is good. 

navigation is superb...great screen. full video and audio aux capability...panoramic moonroof...reclinable back seat...plenty of cargo space for our lab!

All-wheel drive, keyless entry, leather (installed by dealer because LL Bean was discontinued), fog lights, radio with text feature (teenagers loved), GREAT GAS MILEAGE, storage room.

Simple, elegant style and controls, all safety features standard (VDC, traction control, all airbags, ABS, etc), great interior room and visibility, smooth ride, nice mainstream styling inside and out, best MPG and AWD in its class.

Interior vastly improved on vehicle. Moonroof a big hit with the kids. Driver controls improved and still familiar. Great visibility and a lot of headroom for taller drivers. Comfortable seats and the leather feels like it is good quality. Not as boxy/quirky as the older model, better rounded.

Seats very comfortable-HEAD ROOM YEA! (I am 6'2")-flexibility in all types of weather(AWD),internal seating configurations and drives like a bigger car with control. Dashboard simplicity of operation-turning radius- storage hooks and rear seat leg room and built in cup holders.Great looks and sunroof

Loved the safety features until they just turned off - thank goodness it wasn't rain or snow. Love the looks, the size, the crash ratings.

What interior room, excellent views, handling, just enjoying the peace and quiet.

Instrument panel; large rear-view vision; storage capacity; and, of course the huge moonroof!!!

Sunroof, hill-assist, reclining back seats, efficiency for an SUV (albeit a small one), basically the vehicle.

I like the Subaru all-wheel drive system, the boxer engine, the sportshifter, and the new "VDC"- vehicle dynamics control that helps the vehicle from going out of control and flipping. I've always felt safe in my Subaru. It has great visibility. It hugs the road, stops quickly, does everything well.

Seat (driver), moon roof and driving pleasure.

Roomy interior. Pre-wired for satellite radio. Very smooth drive, bumps feel like nothing. 3 DC outlets, including one in the cargo area which was great for our plug in cooler. Auxiliary port for mp3 player. Very quiet, virtually no road noise. AWD. 

Fairly quiet, easy to drive, comfortable leather seats, great fit and finish, looks nice, love the Sage Green color. Stereo just OK. Expecting good MPG when car is broken in.

We like the radio controls on the steering wheel, particularly the Mute button. We also got the rear bumper cover and all weather mats.

Fit and feel features like the steering wheel, seats, easy open rear hatch. Zippy 4 cylinder boxer engine. MPG. Handling. Overall room especially in the rear seats. I pod connection. Clearance. Styling.

Acceleration, interior space, sound system on the XT and the limited versions, huge sunroof, sports grille, illuminated interior at night (blue LED), puddle lights, feels much more upscale than the Rav-4. Feels like you're driving/riding in a sedan.

Wider, longer, higher, overall looks. Framed windows reduce wind noise. Color choices and interior are much improved. The base model is nicely equipped and has a great safety record. Leg room for rear passengers at last!

I don't know where to start except at the top. I love the ginormous sunroof! I love the VDC! It screams around corners as well as straight roads! Outstanding!

Dash display lighting at night, daytime running lights, heated windshield and seats, power seat adjustments for driver's seat

AUX in for external Sirius sportster, heated seats w/cloth seats (don't need to buy leather), 5sp manual w/hill hold, styling, front & rear seat room, 2400# towing, ride/handling, steering wheel controls, dealer.

Standard MP3 jack. Deep door cargo space. Nice headlights. Solid door frames. Build quality, fit and functionality.

Moonroof, ipod integration kit, radio control on steering wheel, smart use of interior space. Big windows creates bright ambient interior

Handling, exterior looks. Moon roof, XM radio with steering wheel control, sound of boxer engine

Improved head and leg room, enormous moon roof, tinted glass, radio and cruise controls in the steering wheel, 17" rims, extra beverage holders in the doors, and the mpg calculator -- I've been averaging 27.5 mpg in mixed city/highway driving since I brought it home.

Ride, size , visibility, standard safety, easy entry, exit with 90 degree rear opening doors, MPS hook up. MPS display. Blue and red lighting

Moon roof - awesome lighting; rear seat cup holders and arm rest- my boys love having a place for their snacks and drinks; wide opening rear doors - if only this was out before we bought a minivan- great for getting children in and out; fold down seats- I'm 6'1" and seats fold down great; AWD!

Huge sunroof, steering wheel controls, ride & handling, auto dim mirror w/compass, avg mpg, good sound system, 

I love the redesign of this car. It is very comfortable! Great moon roof. Quiet engine. Love the 6 disc CD player and will really love the heated seats come December

AWD, handling, comfort, style, car- like feel with SUV abilities. Very easy to understand controls and options. 

Towable with 4 wheels down w/no modifications, roominess, sleek exterior, huge moonroof, fuel economy, and standard safety features.

Visibility, functional design, transmission (auto with "manual", interior space (front & back), child seat restraint hooks

Low speed acceleration, moon roof, mp3 and big cargo space.

I love the handling of the AWD. The iPod Interface is just what this music fiend needed. I also am in love with the vista moonroof. It's like a convertable! 

Huge moonroof! Sportshift auto trans. Chrome handles. Cool interior dash lights at night. Good mpg. 

Included add ons, driver adjustable seat, CD player. Loaded with options from the get go. Very few add ons needed after.

Space; power; huge moonroof; very comfortable ride with sharp, flat handling nonetheless; outstanding visibility; so many little thoughtful features you say "wow--what a good idea" way more often than "what the heck were they thinking?"

Exterior appearance, interior finish, roominess and improved noise insulation. Kept Subaru handling, but rounded off some rough edges that some couldn't look past. Love that the automatic doesn't have a "softened suspension" like others. The new seats and dimensions (L&W) are awesome.

Ipod aux., extra leg and cargo space, and just the whole new body style.

AWD, moonroof, funky dual exhaust notes.

Ride/handling, balance. Visibility. Moonroof

17" Alloy rims, dual exhaust, moon roof, steering wheel radio controls, tinted windows, comfy seats, it's a PZEV

Cargo space. The ride is smooth and quieter than expected. I know I'll be psyched about the all-wheel drive come winter. Love the manual transmission option & the large sun roof on the premium package.

AWD, excellent visibility, safety five-star features (airbags all over), comfortable interior, nice exterior, road clearance, and, oh yeah, the huge moonroof!

Very stable, good pickup getting on the freeway. Safety, lots of room and it looks great

Leather, gynormis moonroof, sweeping gauges, power seat, roomier, rear seats recline! Heavy duty floormats are worth it.

We have not been on the highway once and we are averaging 26 MPG. I can see clearly out of all windows. 5-speed manual transmission (we like to drive our cars). Huge sun roof. Lots of cargo space. 8.8" of ground clearance. Avg gas mileage display

Moon roof is so large, love the feeling of openess. Gas mileage is 27mpg so far. Going thru snow storms there is a sense of security that is pricless. It really hugs the road. The seats are very firm, yet comfortable. 

Panoramic power moon roof, auto-dimming mirrow/compass, and so many others...

Comfortable seats, moon roof, mpg.

Large moonroof, premium stereo, great handling, sage green color, sits higher off the road.

AWD! You can't stop a Subaru.

Nimble handling, high seating position, solid feel to chassis, many safety features, AWD, tight turning circle, large rear storage area, less turbo lag than most, large moon roof, good general build quality. 

Large moonroof - almost like a convertible. Real raised roof rails instead of those silly flush mounted ones - good call Subaru! Redesigned instrument panel makes basic guages easier to see. Great turning radius.

Rockford Fosgate stereo, iPod connect, huge beautiful moonroof! Those lovely leather seats and heaters.

Seat are comfortable Subaru AWD is the best Tons of airbags Roomy Great visability while driving 

Rides/Handles like good Euro, ample ground clearance, responsive turbo, comfortable seats, loads of room in back for passengers, AWD, good build quality. 

Color, features, navigation system, materials.

5 speed manual xmission; big moonroof; gas mileage; Ipod i/f; steering wheel mounted controls; AWD w/ VDC; reclining rear seats; lots of safety features; engine power; tinted windows;

Matches all other SUV's in size now. With the Symmetrical AWD it is number #1!

Sure footed all wheel drive, large moon roof, nice styling.

Easy to find and reach controls, even when driving. Large middle storage compartment. Much taller cargo area than most SUV's, and all wagons. Adjustable height seatbelts. Very bright interior.

I think it looks really cool. I like the hood scoop, the spoiler, the puddle lights, leather seats, huge moon roof, and AWD.

Safety, AWD, PZEV, Moonroof



The highway ride is acceptable and the all wheel drive system is impeccable. 

utility, smooth ride, fuel economy, all weather package, visibility 



Engine smoothness and power, quiet cabin, rear seat legroom, support from the leather seats, comfortable ride and good handling, large sunroof.



Reliable AWD, decent handling and acceleration from standing positioning (decent low-end torque), reasonably priced, huge moonroof. 

AWD, Night lights, sunroof, puddle lamps, navigation computer, easy fold down seats.

Nimble. Versatile. Spacious. Smooth ride. Excellent acceleration with turbo engine.

Roof, Height adjustable seat and heated seats.

Acceleration, visibility, safety, dealer has been great.

AWD

Comfort, gas mileage, visibility, interior space, expected bad weather performance.

Simple interior controls. Back tailgate is easy to use and my wife is 5ft 1, she does not have any issues with opening and closing it. While I'm 6ft and can stand upright under the liftgate with no problems. 

Handling, sunroof, acceleration, sport pedals, heated seats, large windows, how low you can get in driver seat for a little more of a sporty feel. All in all good car, will soon see how good the customer relations are and how they deal with their mistake.



First and foremost, high visibility while driving, instead of a rounded, low-profile roofline like other vehicles. Auto-dimming compass mirror is a big plus if you commute while it is dark like I do. Rear cargo compartment will fit a full-sized spare if you choose. Highway noise minimal. 

Great appearance, very roomy inside, love the huge sunroof, radio "ok" except that you cannot use the rear speakers as much to balance the sound, if you put on too much "rear": you can barely hear the speakers. Great visibility all around.

AWD, MT, huge sunroof, heated seats w/o requiring leather, roomier front and back seats, quieter interior than previous Subarus. Also enjoying getting better MPG than the EPA said!

AWD, reasonable mpg, bluetooth works great (better than my Nissan I had before), radio "ok" great visibility, excellent storage, unfortunately no snow any longer (live near Providence, RI) so will have to wait until next year but should be fine.

A roomy interior, descent radio system; all the powertrain, suspension, brakes and safety features, assisted hood opening devices make for an effortless opening of the hood, trunk cargo tray, auxiliary jack for your portable music player and the mpg computer.

AWD is excellent in ice, snow, sand. Moonroof nice and good exterior visibility.

Roominess; cup holders and storage nooks.

Good ride, excellent Subaru all-wheel drive, and solid 2.5L engine. Good utilization of space, plus decent mileage for AWD.

I like the AWD and the Automatic with Sport Shift. The Sport Shift allows for smoother climbs up hills, as by getting out of Auto, you can manually shift without the surging you get as the automatic hunts for the right gear for the speed. 

Appearance, road handling, performance, sun roof

Symetrical AWD, On and off road performance, Visibility, Amazing maneuverability/turn radius, Moon roof, Value for the price

added interior room, PZEV, higher road clearance, AWD 

The All Wheel Drive system, heated lower windshield to defrost frozen wipers, comfort, hood scoop (brings back my memories of my 1968 GTO) and navigation system.

The fact that it is a lease and under warranty!

Navigation system, comfortable leather seating, roominess.

The car looks good, easy to drive and good handling.

The big sunroof is nice but it doesn't "pop" open & if you drive in wind the sound can be deafening. 

Heated cloth seats, huge moonroof, back seats that fold completely down in one shot, lots of head room.

Turbo, handling, nice ride, blue color, better hood scoop, well executed interior. Fun to drive!

Favorites features are the AWD, M/T, huge sunroof, ipod i/f, great fuel economy (26-28 mpg around town), safety features, rear visibility, easy fold down rear seats, great cargo capacity. 

Suggested Improvements

The huge sunroof is great. The styling is very nice. I really like the stance of the car, high ground clearance. Newport Blue is a great color. I Pod connection is a nice feature. So far very happy with everything. Fun to drive.

Overall package is not bad. Gas mileage better than my old suv. Lots of space.

Love all the room. Reminds me of my old Jeep Cherokee: square and boxy (but a much better ride and gas mileage!). Rear seat passengers have adequate leg and headroom. When back seats are folded down, they actually fold completely level with cargo floor. Like both the interior and exterior styling.

Great build quality, ergonomics and fit an finish. The fuel economy and over all driveability are great, and though is not a sports car, it is really enjoyable to drive. 

All wheel drive, smooth powertrain and engine. Great visibility, excellent turning ratio.

Handling, ride, AWD, leather seats, sunroof. Very nice vehicle and mileage is not bad for a turbo. Great power at any speed or altitude.

Leather seats, seat htrs, sunroof, ext. style, handling, safety features, build quality.

The moonroof and mileage are our two favorites. The heated seats are a nice touch as well as the heated wiper area that melts the accumulated snow and ice in a storm.

awd, sunroof, handling, styling, pretty much everything.



Just about the right size and sure-footed in winter.

Great visibility, and has an airbag for every body part!

Sunroof. Heated Seats. The all wheel drive system is excellent while driving in bad conditions. The next morning is the problem!

I do have some favorite features which is why I bought it. Our winter has been snowy and icy and the car is wonderful for both. I love the exterior look.

Handling is great--especially in snow. The exterior is very attractive. The heated cloth seats are very nice on a cold morning. Easy to get in and out of this vehicle. 

Handling, ride, power, mileage, and many of the standard luxury items. Moon roof is awesome when driving in the mountains. 

The exterior colors are well done. 

Subaru teed it high and really let it fly this time!

Moonroof, heated seats (and windshield wipers), leather, visibility, MPG, cargo room, fun-to-drive



Sun roof is beautiful and BIG. The seats fold down nicely to provide a good cargo area (a lot of room for the 4 legged friends too). Gas mileage isn't bad, about 25 mpg.

All-wheel drive; handling; interior; affordable all weather package; everything.

Love the sunroof.

Outside appearance is nice. Handles well. Very stable on snow and ice. 

All wheel drive, stability control, brake assist, ground clearance, looks, comfort, room front & rear.

Its organization, feel and good mileage for an AWD.

Turbo engine, very quiet cabin and comfortable seats.

Sage green color. Moon roof. Roomy. Gas mileage. Double exhaust.

Great handling, good pickup, great internal space, very solid build feel, good mpg. 

Very large sunroof, interior space and comfort.

Huge sunroof, turbo, plenty of room, simple to understand/use gauges.

Ride, reputation

AWD, steering wheel controls, heated seats, panoramic moonroof, heated side mirrors, heated wipers, sportronic shifter, roomy back seats, auto dim review mirror, all safety features, tinted windows, low tire pressure indicator, average gas mile display, storage space, tows 2400lbs.

Lots of room, fun to drive, all wheel drive, climate control, gas mileage, large moon roof.

The sun roof is great.

Moonroof, handling, great visibility.

Excellent MPG with adequate power 2) excellent visibility (large rear windows) 3) pleasing interior design 4) ample headroom and rear seating space 5) tight turning radius and fun to drive.

Handling, huge moonroof, too early yet to tell for winter driving.

Moonroof, room inside, exterior and interior styling.

Symmetrical AWD and the turbo is an absolute blast. High ground clearance, tremendous cargo space, fun to drive and excellent safety rating. We are loving this subie.

