Smooth powerful drivetrain, great fuel economy, quiet ride with almost no wind or road noise. Great value - paid less for my 09 LEV6 than I paid for my 1997 LEV6 - in part because options like ignition interlock and power seats are now standard - and when gas was $4/gallon I got $3K off sticker.

It drives very smoothly, therefore tricking me into thinking the seats would be a good design also.

Quietness, Expected reliability

Looks, mileage, smooth ride, quietness, construction quality.

Exterior body style and 5 speed prevents excessive shifting when using cruise.

Interior space is great, good design, very reliable. 

Overall performance is good but not seat and we cannot compromise our back for engine performance.

Interior appointments, exterior body style, prefer the lip spoiler over the conventional type which I had on the 06 Camry. Quiet ride.

Quiet drive (which I believe is what is selling this car), Nice interior, Very roomy inside and in the trunk area

Comfortable ride. Love the design. Love the gas mileage.

Power seats, exterior style, interior items, covered cup holders.

Looks, performance, size is just right for me. Handsome car!

Smooth ride, radio controls, features for price

Black dash and leather with chrome trim, blacked out grille and good looking factory alloy wheels.

Fuel efficient V6, good ride.

How smooth it rides, Comfortableness, and how quiet the motor is.

Handling extremely smooth and tight! First car that was so quiet inside when driving down the road - wow - have to test drive to understand!

Interior roominess, leg room, high seating position. Radio controls on steering wheel.

Fuel efficient V6 engine and transmission. Good ride.

Feel incredibly safe in it, interior/exterior design, smooth steering, gorgeous!!

Smooth ride, fuel economy is reasonable.

The engine and exceptionally quiet cabin are outstanding. If you do a lot of highway driving like I do, which often means going through steep mountainous roads and passing large trucks safely, the Camry's V6 is worth a look at. 

Sports car look, interior lights, roomy, everything.

Body styling! Interior styling! OptiTron gauges! JBL Sound system! Bluetooth! Love that! Handling! Quiet ride! Fuel economy! Overall quality!

Road handling

The gas mileage. I averaged over 33 mpg on for about 3500 miles driving 70 mph with the cruise on. Also, the awesome stereo system.

I love the sleek look, the high performance and I look the gas mileage it gets. I have the sunroof, wood grain and leather package.

Like the handling and the sound system is awesome but the neatest feature is the blue tooth option for hands free operation of my cell phone.

Comfort, ride, looks and gas mileage.

Looks, reliabilty, fuel efficiency, feel, the ride.

Adjustable seats are the best because I am taller than my husband and need to adjust my seat do to a back injury.

Style

Smooth powerful acceleration, sports car feel, very quiet ride, solid suspension and first class handling, constant sense of connection to the road, road imperfections are well dissolved, gauge and console decor are ahead of their time.

Quiet ride, handles city bumps better, better a/c cooler, color selection in beige (cloth) was better than Accord. You can buy only options you want. The 2009 Camry was cheaper than the 2008 Accord if I wanted a sunroof. 

Ride, handling (better with wider tires) fit and finish is good. MP3 player, stereo sounds fine after you adjust the bass to -3. Fully adjustable power seat with lumbar support. Tilt telescopic wheel. 

I love the radio's speed sensitive volume control and that awesome sounding JBL sound system and that moonroof that lets the outdoors inside as I drive, and the radio volume increases to compensate for the added outside air noise. 23 yrs as a Dodge Dealer mechanic, I know a good car when I see one!!

Smooth ride and precise handling.

My favorite features are the aux, because I can play my iPod.

The mp3 player works 2 ways and is a great gadget: either burn MP3 files or WMA files onto CDs as DATA not MUSIC (your Windows Media Player will do that by changing the "burn" settings). Thus, 150 songs on a CD-R instead of 20 or so. Or use the auxiliary input to plug in your ipod or equivalent.

I think it fits the driver perfectly.

The smooth quiet ride, the stereo with the aux controls, the controls on the steering wheel, the gas mileage, the great looks inside and out.

gas mileage, smooth quiet ride, the looks, fit and finish. Takes regular fuel.

The great ride for the money!

V6 got to love that extra pickup. 

The quiet engine, MP3 player with the auxiliary hookup. The simplicity of the steering buttons. 

To me, it's very quiet while driving. With my wife and two kids in it, the car still has a lot of room which really surprised me. It's comfortable. I also liked the layout of the dash and console area.

The smooth and quiet ride. It also has a great stereo system.

My favorite feature is definitely the jack for my MP3 player. No more CDs all over the car! I also love the amount of trunk space & the folding seats.

Excellent handling and comfort.

The wheel controls operate the radio, blue tooth and climate control without getting in the way. The aux input for the sound system and one of the power inputs is hidden nicely. With that is a pass through that a cord for a navigation or radar detector will not get in the way. Quiet & comfort!

Everything but thud noise that can't be fixed.

Bluetooth is convenient and easy to use/setup. Overall interior.

Navigation system; heated seats; Bluetooth; leather seats; V-6 engine.

Looks.

Bluetooth connection for the cell phone. Our state requires a hands free cell and many other states will be doing the same.

Handling and looks.

The fuel economy is excellent, love the smooth ride, and the exterior design.

Aux port for iPod, Vehicle Stability Control, 6 speaker audio system, side and knee airbags.

option for the MP player

Gas mileage, smooth ride, and very quite cabin.

JBL and bluetooth

We bought this for the improved miles per gallon. Enough room in the rear to accommodate 2 child car seats.

Comfortable ride, plenty of leg room for tall drives. Large lined trunk.

Decent ride. Takes little muscle to steer or brake. Looks attractive. Dependability was the big selling point, as is resale value (at least I hope so, cause I don't know how much more of this car I can take).

Nice size trunk. Sleek looking exterior.

Smooth transmission and quiet/smooth ride. On a recent trip we got 32.6 mpg at constant 70 mph. Expect to get even better mph when car is fully broken in. The dashboard design is so simple and user friendly. Electric seat is great; seat sits quite high in "up" position. Great cabin visibility. 

soft quiet ride, reliability, very good fuel mileage

quiet ride, style inside and out

Styling, smooth quiet ride, lots of room.

Smooth ride, quiet interior, responsiveness of 6 cyl engine (which is why we selected it over noisier, sluggish 4 cyl), exterior appearance. JBL stereo upgrade is great, with controls on steering wheel and integrated bluetooth.

Power, and the overall look inside and outside.

Styling and comfort. Fuel economy is great too. I average 35 highway.

Great mileage, love the color (red), bluetooth, and overall stance of car.

The Smart Key keyless entry system with remote start is absolutely awesome. I plan to have this neat feature in every vehicle I own from this point forward if at all possible.

Stability control, lumbar adjustment, great handling due to beefier suspension.

Cheap Lease 36 month, Leg Room, Quiet inside, Good Breaks, Low Emission, Toyota Service 

Comfortable seats and the instrument layout. I am stunned that so many people have commented on the seats being uncomfortable. They are great compared to my 99 Altima. The auto lights and stereo controls on the steering wheel are also a nice touch.

The auxiliary input jack on the stereo is a nice feature but the location is inconvenient.

Big inside and quiet. Thanks Toyota for not putting CE or something on the car advertising that I bought the cheapest model. Cruise control, half seat fold down to trunk opening, and radio control from the steering wheel are nice features. 

Gas mileage, smooth driving experience

Smooth, quiet ride, roomy interior, enormous trunk, just a lovely ride.

Leather seats were a must after having them on the '04 and the sport leather is the same very high quality. The shifting options are interesting offering the standard auto configuration and the clutchless sequential manual shift system. I am looking forward to using this in the mountains.

Bluetooth, V6, heated seats, room and leather.

Jack for ipod, easy to use controls. 



I love the ease of the Nav. system

none

Smoothness, quiet cabin, smart-key (wish my office had smart key then I would never have to use any keys), acceleration, bluetooth, MP3, JBL stereo, NAV, instrument layout, huge trunk, universal remote. 

Powerful V6, six speed transmission, excellent stereo, cup holders are conveniently located, nice rear window sunscreen.

Just about everything. Quiet cabin, power and the navigation system.



Muscle in the engine and a super quite ride. JBL sound system is sweet.

Looks, comfort, reliability, cost to own and operate, and the peace of mind that comes with owning a Toyota!

Stereo system, easy access to controls, great pick up, Super quiet ride.

Keyless entry, plenty of head and leg room, all the air bags, the color of the exterior, smooth and quiet ride.

comfortable ride

Body style, interior, handling, ride, power, remote built in key (awesome feature).

Smooth ride, comfortable and supportive seats. The black color and alloy wheels makes it look much better. Simple controls. Decent gas mileage. Roomy and relaxing ride. Decent sound system. Aggressively priced and great incentives. Standard power drivers seat on LE model. 

Value for the money, roomy interior, comfort, quietness, Toyota quality.

Styling, fit and finish, mileage, happiness of my wife. The SE tuning is very similar to the sports sedan it replaces at a cost of $15,000 less and a heck of a lot less aggravation from their dealers.

Great on miles per gallon.

Very easy to use dash, quiet, smooth ride, huge trunk.

Soft ride, quiet, perceived quality, mileage on the open road.

Looks, speed, stability, sound system, bluetooth, the list goes on and on.

Power, gas, radio

Automatic lights, quiet ride, 5 star front/side/back ratings, 4 star rollover rating. Music quality, extremely spacious, moonroof, fuel consumption, good breaks when car is fast and when applied with quickness, remote entry, auto driver seat adjustment, lots of head room, shoulder room, leg room.

lots of interior room, great exterior style

JBL audio system, Bluetooth, Homelink and steering wheel controls

Acceleration, quiet, roomy, good mpg, Toyota reliability and 5 star crash scores.

Exterior styling compared to the last generation is much improved. Underhood layout/design/tidiness is superior for this price range. Easiest and cleanest oil change I've ever done on a car. MPG. Seven airbags.

Quiet and very smooth ride, steering wheel audio controls, mp3 plug in, very comfortable seats, very spacious and open feeling cabin, "solid" feel of car, exterior design, practical and easy access of all controls. I like the "simplicity" of the interior design.

The baby blue color, solid breaking, pretty good acceleration.

Smooth, quiet ride. Sound system. Acceleration. Power.

Bluetooth

Styling, fuel economy & comfort. For a 4 cylinder, it is surprisingly peppy given our high altitude of over 6,000 ft. above sea level. The dash lighting is a neat feature as well as the quality of the sound system.



Bluetooth technology along with the quality of everything that is in this car.

Radio controls on steering wheel, improved sensors (including tire pressure tracking). Mini-plug outlet for mp3 player (wife really likes that one). Keyless remote now standard on LE model, including trunk release. Improved lighting on radio and climate controls (but no way to lower intensity).

Easy to drive. 

 Attractive exterior styling, comfortable seating, lots of room, big trunk, quiet, decent mileage, 

Bluetooth, nav system, ride quality being the biggest!

Wheel controls all of them (radio, blue tooth, climate control, cruse control and digital display). The wheel pushes in and pulls out, reclining rear seats and the auto dimming rear view mirror with digital compass. The JBL 6 CD changers with MP3/WMA play back is also a big plus.



Appearance, mileage, ride smooth

Reliability ratings and safety features.

JBL stereo. I have a Bose system in my GMC Sierra SLT and the JBL outmatches it by far. Moonroof 

Bright headlights, good on gas, big trunk.

Cruise control, remote trunk pop, quiet and stable drive. Color.

The car is absolutely beautiful and spacious.

Very quiet, very smooth! Rear seats recline. Blue tooth. Leather seats. Nice looking alloys especially for Toyota. Gas mileage. 7 air bags. safe. Sliding arm rest.

V6 engine, moonroof, SE suspension, power seats.

Smooth and very powerful engine. The "sport" side of the transmission. Great sounding stereo system. A smooth riding, and well insulated cabin-makes the vehicle very quiet. The standard auto-on/off lights, self- dimming rearview mirror, automatic climate control-all work great. Comfortable seats

Powerful AC in Texas sun, dual controls and rear vents. Beautiful matte leather seats. Pushbutton start - I never think about keys! XM, stereo and sunroof make my commute almost relaxing. Great brakes. Ice-blue display. Steering wheel controls for AC, phone, stereo. Sliding armrest. Good storage.

Nice interior features. Bluetooth, iPod, etc., easy to use. 

Reclining back seats and Blue tooth. Runs on regular octane gas. No mid grade needed.

Quiet interior, smooth ride, interior styling, quality of leather, navigation/bluetooth/phone integration, exterior styling, rear shade, pollen filter.

Quiet ride, 34 mph on a recent long trip, MP3 or XM input plug, split rear seat for long packages and great dealers.

Ride, quietness, gas mileage, JBL audio, comfort. Very very refined 4 cylinder engine.

JBL system w/ bluetooth standard, wheel controls, standard, super comfortable seats, and Homelink system so I can get through the access controlled gates without the hassle of carrying a remote

Interior is clean, a little luxurious, and very comfortable. The trunk space is enormous! It also gets good gas mileage for how big it is, I usually get between 27-29 mpg in the city, in stop and go traffic. Haven't taken it on the hwy yet.

