Design, Handling, Fuel eco.

Driving experience handles great stops on a dime. Can't beat the warranty. Nice and tight vehicle.

blue dash lights, xm radio, i-pod jack.

Never thought I would like XM radio, but it's great. Wagon body style is great for carrying "stuff." Reasonably good mileage. Height adjustable drivers seat. Lots of features included at a reasonable price.

Looks great I had to get the sports package as they where out of the lower package and made no difference to me. It looks great handles well. I Like the warranty and the brand They dealership is top in its class for service and now i see why. This is a perfect car if you want a small hatch back.



Large cargo area for a small car. XM radio. Shift lever position. Great AC. Quick response and great braking. 

So So much there's to much to list it comes standard with all you really need 

Headlights shutoff automatically when car is locked via remote. Five-speed manual transmission. Cornering capability. XM Radio. Plenty of storage in rear end. Plenty of passenger compartment storage cubbies. Comfortable cockpit. Excellent headlights.

Roomy, well designed interior. I appreciate the little touches like the retractable tonneau cover in the back. XM radio was an unexpected extra that I enjoy. The brakes are exceptional! The exterior styling is as good looking as any hatchback on the road. Oh, did I mention the color? 

Its got the Jeep feel with GREAT fuel economy. It looks sporty and also has great looking wheels and the radio is great with the XM in it. I am planning on having the sunroof put in around tax time, but the chilli pepper red is sharp looking.

bluetooth,dash design,handling,blue lighted instruments,xm radio,quiet ride,good gas mileage

Interior is surprisingly nice, in my opinion. XM Radio, Ipod hook-up. Speaker system is nice. Comfortable and smooth drive. Pleasing exterior. Better than advertised gas mileage. (about 32 hgwy). Very quiet inside. Great AC. Plenty of compartments for stuff. TONS of cabin and luggage room!

Lots of inside room and very comfortable for a large driver like myself. Lots of nice small touches, holder in the right places, controls very logical, retractable privacy cover in the rear - they really thought out this car. 

Gas millage

Sporty feel, outside appearance, dark interior color on high-wear areas (arm rest, floor, etc), iPod interface, interior space.

Ice Cold AC, Decent sound system. Car looks Good

easy & smooth shifting,great upscale looking-beige- and quality interior, impeccable exterior, quiet, comfort ride in long commute,safety feature, car's stability on the road, excellent braking system,no nose dive. Enough torque for mountain range without sacrifice MPG like SUV and fun to drive 5spd

Plenty of room. Good layout of all components. Great car so far. Will wait for winter to see how it handles then. XM radio great. Plenty of power outlets. I pod hook up easy to use.

Easy to enter and exit the vehicle (seats are a nice height). Large cabin, easy fold-down rear seats (no need to remove rear headrests), lots of storage cubbies, easy-to-read dash and nice blue color, blue tooth, XM radio, nitro-fill tires, sporty styling. Roomy seating.

5-speed. I haven't had a manual shift in 30+ years. Fuel efficiency is outstanding. Plenty of room in back...I bought it for its station wagon-like function, too. 

The unique iPod cable needs to be purchased from Hyundai, but then you get to select more than 3000 of your favorite songs from the knobs on the stereo and the steering wheel. This rendered the satellite radio and CD player as both useless for me.

Big cargo space and USB connection (it even displays non-English characters)

Bluetooth connectivity; not the best set up but it works and is useful. I love the steering wheel, it is just the right chunkiness. Metal shifter knob just looks and feels good :) Well placed displays and controls for everything; easy to use. Great mpg., very cute, SPACE

Controls easy to read and in good locations, lots of storage, XM radio, all the items come standard

Well equipped. Good interior lighting. Like sporty ride. 

Dashboard, radio controls on steering wheel, capacity, but especially the brakes, which probably saved us from a nasty accident while on vacation. Consumer Reports calls the braking great, and we second and third that.

Everything but especially the inside styling, key less entry, ABS, ESC, and interior space. 

Roominess and comfort. Love the XM radio and cool blue lights on the dash. Good visibility and great safety features. Lots of little places to store things. And the glove box can be cooled with an AC vent inside!

Instrument panel full of great info. Steering is tight and responsive-fun; very pleased with response time of brakes, too. Lots of interior room; lots of cargo space; lots the little cubbies. Especially the drink holders in the back passenger doors. The alloy wheels are sharp. 

Exterior and Interior finish, XM radio IPod connection, Radio controls on Steering Wheel, Alloy Wheels, Safety Features, Cargo Space. Anyone considering a wagon should take a look at this one. Most important It does not cost an arm and a leg. Great Warranty

Overall smooth drive. XM Satl radio, but you can also get The Best of Sirius added by calling XM. 

Safety features, cool exterior/interior designs, gas mileage (31mpg highway), hatchback-so convenient and voluminous! Great stereo and satellite radio.

Excellent value for cost. Roomy. Stops well. USB port. XM radio. Alloy wheels. Comfortable seats.

AC great, Radio good. Dependable car. Good family car with a little sportiness. 

Room, everything standard, interior, ride & handling, value (traction control, esc, etc.),fuel mileage. Even looks great (in silver with pin striping).

Ipod connector, moon roof and sport wheels. Love the chili pepper red!

Comes with a lot of extra features I wasn't even looking for but I really like them. Sunroof, fog lights, silver trimming on knobs and lights, XM radio, iPod adapter (although I've only used XM radio so far), display blackout, steering wheels radio controls, cruise control, perfect arm rest location

Am getting about 28mpg mixed. I've got bluetooth, which is okay. Have all my music on a USB stick, plug it in to the "secret compartment" and 170 watts sounds good enough. Oh, and the dash lights in red, white and blue - very classy. All in all, the cabin is well appointed and fun for the price.

iPod adapter, interior layout, cool blue lights at night, heated seats and cargo capacity.

XM radio, standard safety features, good space for passengers and cargo, sporty handling in a practical car. Ability to black out the radio display at night is a nice touch.



all standard safety features, XM radio and sunroof, large cargo area

16 inch alloys, iPod/mp3 plug-in, 8 airbags, fog lights, touring seats, what's there not to like. 

Radio, stability, performance, handling 

shiftable automatic (slap sideways to go from 4th to 3rd), fuel economy, acceleration, standard abs, esc, traction control, disc brakes, heated mirrors. huge cargo area behind the 2nd seat. huge legroom in the second row

Ipod/USB connection in center armrest console.XM. Nice sporty feel yet refined.

I really like the dash board. Everything lights up and all the knobs are easy to find. 

I like how the dash board lights up with displays (LED lights)

