I like the interior and exterior look, Good quality interior finish even with the cloth option, 6 mo free satellite radio, firm ride, minimal road noise, sturdy roof frame construction. SE was the better option for me since it came with many standards.

engine but the TDI (diesel) would be awseome

handling/performance and unique look. love the full size sunroof!

The Cabin is very quiet which I love. Very peppy, fast and fun. Very comfortable interior. I love the all black interior.

Navigation and that all of the controls are on the screen.

The full size sun roof. Everyone who sees it loves it. 

Different exterior.

Style and Comfort

Nie engine, I like the VW 2.0T a lot

It handles like a dream. 

gas mileage is great. I swear, they were way off on the sticker.

The gas mileage is much better than the sticker shows. I am getting 22 mixed driving and consistently getting 30 on the freeway. The interior is nice and the cargo area is good with the seats down. Exterior styling is strong. Overall VW quality seems good so far.

30K miles front brakes at 80% new $270 for the rears. Thats awesome! MPG for a nice riding SUV is respectable. 

Heated seats, lumbar support, very easy to lay back seats down, very comfortable for rear passengers

Front exterior design. Moonroof. Multifunctional Display. Interior lighting at night. Comfortable seats. Powerful 4 cylinder.

The Turbo 2.0T engine and the 6spd Auto. Great fun, just point and shoot. Even with a heavy foot I average 22 mpg in mixed driving using premium fuel only, I've recorded upwards of 27 mpg. highway on a couple of short trips. 





Space in rear seat - panoramic roof has limo like wow factor. Practical VW design: Sliding rear seats allow more trunk space. Fold flat rear and passenger seats. Right mirror dips to view curb when reversing. Unpainted plastic wheel arch and fender strips will protect against scratches.

The sunroof is great and I love the wheel controls. I also like the exterior lights and the VW logo on the headlights

New and advanced engineering Quality Refinement Precision Solidity Safety Value for money

well-built, high safety rating panoramic sun roof comfy interior handles well, easy to transition to from small car wiper on back window cargo area cover cool looking, haven't seen another around yet - and I drive around Boston area courtesy checkup and first three services covered turbo engine



Back seats slide forward up to 6" which may not seem like a lot but it really is when you need it. This car can get up and go. Has the same engine as my husbands 2006 GTI.

Handling/ride balance. Smooth engine and the comparatively slick 6 speed automatic transmission. Simple controls, panoramic sunroof, and seat heaters (with cloth seats) are nice interior features.

The sunroof; the satellite radio; the amount of space in the backseat; the front passenger seat folds down; 

Sunroof, engine, fit & finish (very impressive), exterior styling versus the competition, quiet ride & cabin

Handling, pep, style, comfort, low road noise

I love the great handling,engine responsiveness,ride quality, 6 foot sunroof,overall fit,finish, and engineering. That coupled with great looks and safety features galore.

The front hood and grill look impressive, aggressive anf high-end. VW could well dominate the compact SUV market. Handling, acceleration and performance/efficiency are all 10's. Looking for a great buy, the VW Tiguan is for you!

Auto Hold feature is great for teaching my daughter to drive a stick. All controls are intuitive to use and right where they should be. Smooth manual transmission is great, but the power and handling is what sold me. Came down to 2009 Subaru Forester or Tiguan and VW was just more fun to drive.

The interior and exterior fit & finish is flawless & well thought-out. No confusing & gratuitous console arrays of knobs or clunky plastic buttons that plague other cars in this segment. Controls are clean, functional, & exactly where they should be. The back seat compartment is cavernous.

electric steering, electric parking brake w/ auto hold. Sunroof

Sunroof, stereo, TURBO, MPG, heated seats

Handling, horses, 6cd changer, overhead storage (if you don't have sunroof), Audi/VW interior lighting scheme, "stick to the road" feel that German cars have, space (ample for my wife and I), reliability (others mishaps are just incidental), and the overall style of the Tig...its just cool man...

What's not to love? Will post more as we get used to the car.

Everything

I love the great sound of the radio system, with Sirius. Love the panoramic sunroof, and of course the 4cyl turbo can get you down the road quickly. 

The excellent balance of power, comfort, looks, and utility. Nice standard features on the Base model.

Heated seats, 4Motion, easy/fun to drive, convenient driver controls, fold down flat rear seats, gorilla gear, driver information center, body styling, white gold finish, amazing sun roof to name a few. I like the manual shift in rough weather. Easy to get in and out of vehicle. Built quality

Sun roof, appearance and handling.

Exterior Syling, interior roominess

Comfortable seats, great ergonomics, fun nav system, sporty fun drive, open sky sunroof, back-seat room

Panoramic Sun roof, auto hold, storage space.

Good looks. Good proportions. Clean interior design. Good AWD system. Good ground clearance.

2.0 Liter engine, Full Sunroof, Solid Construction. (give the door a slam test!)

Comfort of front seat, great pick-up when needed, very stylish exterior, panoramic sunroof, audio/display controls on steering wheel, multifunction display, very solid feel, interior is elegant/classy (but needs some better functioning), cool purple/red interior lighting.

Lots of interior room compared to its looks. I'm 6 ft, 180 lb and have more than enough room.

Panoramic moonroof coupled with the aluminum rails really jazzes up the car's appearance. The GPS console is pleasingly clear. Handles like a smaller car. 

big sunroof, electric handbrake instead of these UGLY pull brakes, styling, stiff but comfortable suspension.

Quality Handling Ride

Love the electronic parking brake and auto hold feature, along with the sunroof, the night illumination of the dashboard is beautiful. Just love it all!! 

2.0 Turbo, 6-Speed Transmission, style, and build quality.

Automatic Brake Control. Applies the brake when you come to a stop. And it allows you to drive without releasing the parking brake. It is all automatic, if you choose.

2.0 Turbo, transmission, radio, and looks.

electronic parking brake, engine, lots of airbags

Quality, 2,0 turbo, heated seats, panoramic roof, memory seat, rear seat moves back & forth, the whole SEL package works well for us, the instrument display at night is neat

SEL package has all the needed extras,comfortable heated seats with memory setting for the drivers side, audio system, good acceleration, panoramic roof, 18" alloy wheels, exterior and interior design, back seat that adjusts, sufficient rear compartment space with nice cover to hide purchases, radio

the sunroof is amazing..the easy control buttons. steering wheel buttons, the bench seat in the back that can fold down and push forward for extra trunk room and the peppy 4 cyl. engine..to many favorite features to list

Styling (it's quite a head turner), roomy interior, very peppy turbocharged engine and built solidly.

Panoramic sunroof, turbo, compact size, leather seats, and side mirror lights.

Panoramic sunroof, purple/red interior lighting, multifunction display

The optional "Panoramic moon roof" is to die for. Fully open, you have about a 12 square ft opening for the sky to fill the cabin. Awesome music system in the SEL model. The Tiguan is the most comfortable & QUIET small ute we've ever driven, and it provides very good "road feel". A hoot to drive 

2.0TSI Engine, chain driven (low maintenance), very quite, tons of torque! with a simple ECU flash can have 300+ft/lbs of torque! Averaging 25+mpg hwy. Awesome panoramic sunroof (a must have). Very roomy with plenty of cup holders.

definitely the turbo engine, this car is just so much fun to drive.

Roomier inside, well done finishing and road handling. The fact that is a 4 cylinder giving good mileage, but with the turbo has good response when needed.

The interior is cool, simple and comfortable.Good radio system; I like the controllers, everything is at your reach. The exterior turns a lot of heads, having people wondering what kind of car it is. Love the turbo, it makes it really Peppy for 4cyl. and is good in gas. Gotta love German engineering

Engine! Thoughtful interior. Manual shift gate. Safety! Sunroof. Styling. This car looks amazing. Great stereo. Sliding rear seats

The interior space is phenomenal for a vehicle that is so small. I love the interior design and the exterior looks!

Love the smooth ride, quick acceleration, European styling, excellent fit & finish. 4Motion system is based on the same technology used in Audi's Quattro system. The standard radio in the SE sounds great. Panoramic Sunroof is a great luxury to have in this car! Overall a great vehicle!

Drivability and the roof!

The 2.0T engine is fantastic and the interior is well thought out. The panoramic sunroof is a great option, love it!

Color, engine, space, simple interior

The sunroof is amazing, the stereo is blasting, love the 4motion and the seats are comfortable. Sometimes you don't wanna get out, lol.

Sunroof, stereo w/Sirius, Power heated seats, body style

Panoramic sunroof is incredible; stereo system; MPG is good; compact, handles great

I decided to get the leather because I had problems with my last VW's leather chaffing and peeling. You gotta love the heated seats VW and Audi offer. Slick front end which classy chrome trim make is easy on the eyes. I also like how the rear seats recline and can be adjusted for more foot room.

Really peppy

The panoramic sunroof blows away the traditional sunroof. The stereo is very good, and all controls are logical. My car is sapphire blue with charcoal cloth seats. Overall, the interior is extremely of high quality. I also love the monster mats and the roof rack accessories. 

The 200 Turbocharged horses (like another reviewer mentioned), the tight handling, the quietness, the interior, the warranty (free maintenance 10, 20, and 30K checkups), the auto up/down on all four windows, and the size.

Moonroof is jaw-dropping. Speed is great. Seats are very comfortable. Cargo space is large enough and can be increased by moving the back seats forward. Perfect blend of SUV and a car.

Styling, both inside and out. Comfortable and user friendly driver oriented control. Fun to drive. Engine exhaust sound, aka Triumph TR-6 note.



The panoramic sunroof is fantastic -- almost like a convertible. You can close the sunscreen so you can have the fresh air and not the hot sun if you want. I also like the Xenon headlights that light the path on corners and the automatic windshield wipers. Great turbo engine and response. 

200 Turbocharged horses, Paonramic sunroof,Tiptronic transmission,MPG and Tiguan Has a great face!

turbo charged engine

The Moonroof, steering, looks!

The ROOF !!!!

