great Handling, decent MPG both city and HWY. Comfortable to ride in, even over long distances. Quiet sounding ride, very little road noise, but the acceleration can be felt and heard! 

Shaker 1000 -They are not kidding Manual transmission-Baby smooth shifts. Brakes-Stop on a dime and give you change.

shaker 500 audio system, peppy 4.0 v6 engine, 45 anniversary side badges, interior ambient color changing lighting

short throw Manual trans and all that v8 power

convertible top, styling, HANDLING

My favorite feature is the handeling, that includes the feel of the rear- wheel drive.

Gobs of HP and Torque. Exhaust sound blows away other cars. Handling is nimble and tight. The brakes are out of this world. Multi-colored dash gauges are a nice touch. GT500 seats are great. Imagine being able to use 87 or 91 Octane and still be able to draw 315 HP/330 ft-lbs. of torque.

The auto up/down power windows, the Shaker 500 stereo rocks, the paint(fit/finish)is flawless

V8, price, look, stereo, sound, short- throw shifter, "sleeper"

Stereo, V8, exhaust/engine sound, price, exterior looks

The Side scoops, hood scoop, low rear spoiler and the classic modest stripe down the side! Just like the Good Old Days! Go Grandma Go!

 Style, perfomance, comfort and drivablity. Especially with the 5 speed manual trans.

all glass roof. the sound of the stock engine. The ride.

The power, wow. Every time I turn the key I smile, that sound is beautiful. Its a sharp looking car too I'm always getting looks. The heated power seats are super comfy, the stereo system will rattle your head and the ambient lighting color options are fun. I'm sad when I reach my destination.

The acceleration, need I say more! The Shaker 500 sound system, and 18 inch wheels. Fuel economy is good for a V8, highway I am getting 25/mpg.

V6 mileage with manual transmission

Price. Fun V8.

18 inch wheels, retro look inside and out.

5-speed AT, Shaker stereo, all wheel disc braked, and great looking exterior!

One-touch up/down window, Shaker 500 Stereo w/ MP3 audio outlet, fun to drive V8 and MT that gets 23 mph (mostly hwy driving & I don't drive the car hard). Also, I'd say the look factor as my wife drove it to her work one day and received lots of interest, not so much for her new Fusion.

Exterior/interior styling. AC vents. Retro gauges. My Color display. Seats. Fuel economy/performance ratio. 45th anniversary badge. Short drop glass. Availability of aftermarket performance and appearance mods. ABS/traction control. Sat radio. Side airbags. Price.

