Int/Ext look. Domestic cars can never come close to German design. Power and handling. Interior materials.

everything

Smooth slick handling and solid drivability, fuel economy, comfort, safety and visibility.

Steering wheel, rear & side window sunshade,sunroof opens all the way, comfortable seats, plenty storage compartments, deep black exterior paint on mine had some shiny little sparkle like things that made it stand out from other black color vehicles, SAT radio is awesome, free 3yr maintenance.

Driving experience, interior space, gas consumption, quietness. 

The Passat SW does everything well.I had a mid 70's Rabbit and the difference is remarkable.

Dashboard, transmission, suspension.

2.0 T is spunky and matched with the 6 speed auto makes for lively driving. Love the way back area for the dog. Now we can carry him and have room for passengers too. Roof rails will be handy for hauling bikes etc. But of course the required attachments etc are expensive.

Satellite radio, good drive quality, great power on the 2.0T, 3yr free maintenance

Reasonable performance on a 2.0.

..Well designed interior ..Drive quality ..Nav system is super ..New sun shade feature

The 2.0 turbo has plenty of power. Great comfort and fine interior finish. Gas mileage is great on this car too. 

tight, solid ride. Clean, teutonic look and feel. Leatherette on the wagon looks better than the real thing. Despite comments to the contrary, the 2.0T engine can use regular gas ( my friend who works for Audi let me in on that little secret since the 2.0t is borrowed from previous Audi models).

The display that shows your fuel economy. Often I get as low as 58 mpg... Amazing! Dont know why this car is not available in the USA

Turbo 2.0 engine, bank vault feel, audio system, seat comfort, LED brake lights, chrome grill, MPG, design and quality of interior, roominess, price, 3 yrs of free maintenance, lots of storage, rubber mats, sharp handling, quiet cabin.

The turbo engine, the sound system, the hold feature, the quality and design of the interior and exterior - looks like an Audi, built in Germany by 75% German parts and a Japanese Transmission, the 6 speed tiptronic transmission, the interior and cargo space, the folding rear seats.

ipod adapter, 2.0L engine (TSI vs. FSI), gas mileage, interior fit/finish

Handling, great sound system, gas mileage, ergonomics are generally good. 

