sliding door; adjustable driver's seat; functional interior design.

Comfortable, roomy (for now), sliding doors, autostick feature, fog lights. Standard side impact airbags are a great plus. Rear seats move and fold easily. Factory carpet floor mats are a nice touch.

Sliding doors (so kids can't hit the car next to you), seat position- not as high as a minivan, but way higher than most sedans, flexibility - you can carry people, or stuff.

Great handling, manual option with automatic transmission, sliding doors, cargo/seating versatility, and good mileage.

handling is a dream, 3rd row seat, rear A/C, captain's chairs, split seats in 3rd row, controls in steering wheel, A/C stereo controls are EASY, adjustable 2nd row, hidden cubbies in back, styling, reasonable engine to work on, autoset A/C, ABS, Side Curtain airbags, MILEAGE saves $$. Sliding doors.

Clever storage--especially under back seats, flexible seating, climate control

bluetooth

Handling and peppiness. Better than expected gas mileage. Firm, supportive seats and decent ergonomics. Nice stowage spots, too. Cool little thing to drive! Superb value!

Sliding doors, sunroof, 6 cd changer, 3rd row seating, Looks !!!!!

Heated seats, seats 6, great visibility

unique exterior, great heating/AC, good brakes, smooth ride and maneuverability, versatile trunk space, rain sensing wipers, leather seat warmers, value for the $

Exterior looks, sliding doors, 6 passenger capability.

manual transmission, great brakes, good gas mileage with standard fuel (no need for premium), safety features, comfortable seats

Fun to drive, handling, easy to park, gas cap on the right side,folding captain seats,sun roof

5 star safety ratings, cool-factor, MPG, moon roof and overall affordability.

Fun to drive. Comfortable. Sleek body, easy to park, great a/c, lots of seating/cargo options, good price for this vehicle.

I love the interior room compared to the outside dimensions! The auto wipers work flawlessly as well as the auto headlights. The seats are small but amazing comfortable over long periods of driving. The little engine was "enough" in all situations. A/C is excellent!

Sliding doors and price. You get a lot of van for the money.

The value for the money. The ability to pull in and out of small parking spaces. Well built and comfortable.

Reclining second row seats. All the cargo space. 

Manual Transmission, Fuel Efficiency, Small Size and Excellent Handling

steering, power, folding seats, sunroof,radio controls, gas mileage

Manual transmission, visibility, quality

Smooth and solid ride. Efficient and quality instrumentation. Tight turning radius. Good fuel economy. Looks small from the outside, but feels big from the inside.

Triptonic, 3rd occasional row. small form factor with big features.

Practicality, mpg, size, comfort, fun to drive.

Manual transmission * Carlike handling * Sliding rear doors * Fold-flat third row seats (loads of cargo space with the third row folded)

Packaging, handling, perfectly sized

Bluetooth hands-free feature, steering wheel radio controls, automatic Xenon headlights, automatic wipers, heated seats, car like driving and feeling.

Flexibility of the vehicle. Smooth, responsive, buttery steering. Volume controls on steering wheel. Sits high like an SUV but drives like a sedan.

I love the fold down third and second rows. I was able to load the box for a 42in tv. I could not do this with my Honda Accord and Toyota Camry.

Style, features, price was less than competition, and more for the money. Warranty is nice, too! Sunroom, alloy wheels, side curtain airbags, stability control, all the safety stuff. 

Sportiness, handling, ride, value and brakes. This front disk brakes are BIG, big as an Accord, Sienna & Odyssey

It's a roomy van, yet looks and acts like a sporty sedan! A pleasure to take on road trips, even the dog had his place! MPG is reasonable for a 7 passenger van. Lots of stares when parked or driving, seems like a lot of people like the way it looks! Paint is supurb, layers deep, and beautiful.

Ride dynamics, sliding doors, and sliding second row seats.

Xenon headlights, bluetooth, room, MPG, price.

Dual sliding doors, variety of seating arrangements, radio controls on steering wheel, nice looking wheels, good mileage.

Steering wheel audio control, sliding doors, moonroof, handling, easy to drive, 5-AT, the seat fabric, easy to stow 3rd row seats, 2nd row under seat storage

Bluetooth, sliding doors, expansive view from driver's seat, heated seats, and Zoom Zoom

Sliding side doors.

Looks, MPG, flexibility, easy sliding doors, iPod interface. 3rd row seat simple enough for a caveman. Rear ac/heat vent controls.

Love the Bluetooth for my mobile phone, though it has been a bit glitchy at times. Extremely flexible interior with fold flat seats. Auto climate control, which I missed from my Audi A6 (two cars ago). Auxiliary jack for iPod. Rear air and middle row captain's chairs for my girls. Regular gas! 

Look, sliding door, handling, great turning radius and price.

Ease of in and out. Design of the dashboard and the placement of everything. How cool looking it is... white is very pretty and shiny! The hidden storage is so cool and the way all the seats lay completely flat make shopping so very easy. I could go on and on. Try it for yourself & fall in love too!

Interior: Third-row seats, easy to slide rear doors, hidden storage area under the seats. Driving: Amazing turning radius, very good gas mileage, easy to park.

Hidden storage under 2nd row seats, heated seats, rear air. Handling and steering feel.

6 CD player, seat configuration, cup holders, smoothness of engine and transmission.

