fav features, decent stereo system, good gas mileage, people always comment that it looks great. fits the family, and i look good driving by myself. no blind spots and fun to drive. looks like its worth more than it it. really good car.

with decent acceleration and power the whole seems greater than the sum of it's parts and is a joy to drive. 8/10. Interior design: handsome, well put together and steering wheel cd/radio controls make it feel better than what you payed for it. needs more though. 7/10. Exterior design

AUX audio input, steering wheel audio controls, gear speed indicator in speedometer

dashboard, exterior

Handling. A/C is excellent. Bose system rocks. Seating positions. Quality. 8 cupholders! Dashboard at night.Enormous glove box.

comfort, sporty handling, CD system, style, nice interior...not cheap like other cars in its class.

Fun to drive. Sharp to look at.

the back lights for the guages the headlights and taillights are awsome

Tons of storage with fold down seats, 17" Allow Wheels, iPod jack, sporty styling, sport tuned suspension, good fuel economy, great interior styling, FUN TO DRIVE.

Exterior, peppy engine, fun to drive.

17" Wheels, ipod jack, lexus style guages, tiptronic, projector headlights, aggressive look, fog lights, huge fun factor, side air bags

The Dashboard, cruise and radio controls on the steering wheel, Huge locking glove compartment, firm bolstered seats, effective windshield washer, excellent headlights illuminate the entire road and the foglights make the lighting even better. 

Radio and Cruise Controls on the Steering wheel. Split rear seat fold downs with lock out for valet parking, Red instrument panel lighting. Lots of handy storage compartments, locking and deep glove compartment.

Nice looks,powerful engine,sharp interior,great handling. A big smile on my face each time i get behind the wheel.

Pricing, 17 inch alloy rims, interior quality/aesthetics bar none, auto dimming mirror with compass, fold down rear seats, telescopic wheel, lumbar supporting seats, Fog Lights, Mazda racing heritage. The fact that even after a long day of work this car thrills you on the ride home, NEVER boring.

The 5spd manual has an awesome feel and near perfect gear ratios. The steering is very responsive, and has a nice feel. Fun To Drive

incredibly fun to drive. A 5 speed stick is the perfect for this car! the styling still looks great and turns heads even though it's been around for a few years. 

Why choose Maz3 instead of Mazspeed3? Maz3 is for everyday use. Speed3 uses the same 2.3L engine supercharged to 100hp+ more. Can't run too cold or hot. Reliability could suffer. Lower ground clearance and summer tires are no good for some weather / road condition. Speed3 price tag is $4000+ more.

Interior is beautiful. It is the most comfortable seating and natural feel in cars I've driven. Visibility is great. A pillar obstruction is minor. C pillar window helps blind spot. Orange instrument illumination is OK. The blue rings beautify more. Found minor offs in fit/finish for control stalks.

easy to use dashboard features, some standard features that I would have paid for as options in other vehicles like music control buttons on the steering wheel.

Manual transmission shifts like butter. Handles well on curves and very fun to drive. Love the red and blue illumination lights. LED tail lights Great sounding stereo which plays MP3s also Excellent gas mileage for a sporty sedan Remote audio control Excellent brake action and side airbags 

1st place, Mazda3 5dr. The winner of my admiration and cash. :) Highs: the most comfortable seat and driving position here, excellent handling, quality interior, clean exterior styling, most features for the price. Lows: smallest engine here, smallest cargo space here, a bit more tires / road noise.

The engine, dashboard, clutch engagement, steering wheel buttons, all the extra storage spots.

Attention to interior trim detail - Silver trim. Seats are very comfortable. Gear box is short and sweet.

Exterior and interior styling fits my style. Revs 2900 rpm at 75 mph. Nice upgrades for a base model, 4 wheel disc brakes, 17 inch alloy wheels, body side mouldings, wing, nicely designed front and rear bumpers, decent stereo. leather steering wheel. These are much appreciated by people like me.

Sporty/colorful dash. Great exterior styling. Good acceleration for a 2.0L.

The 3 simply looks good, especially the value edition with it's 17" alloys. Fun to drive and fuel efficient, all for a great price.

Handling.

While this is not a loaded model, there are plenty of standard features.

The ride

The clutch is awesome. Buy the 5-speed if at all possible. The Copper Red Mica is beautiful in the sun. The standard wheels are nice and the power outlet next to the aux. MP3 outlet is another great idea. 

Sporty design, handling, paint, wheels, features, sunroof, seats, body moldings, headlights taillights, stereo, performance. 

Everything comes together to make a nice complete package.

Handling is excellent. Feels like a luxury vehicle. Interior lighting and dash illumination are great. Xenon and auto windshield wipers are cool. Exterior styling is aggressive. Can't wait to go on extended trip and see how car handles desert summers (Integra loved heat, hope this car does too).

The heated seats, the sound system, the rims, the storage space, the way it drives, everything about it

Driving dynamics, well appointed interior, solid materials for interior, exterior styling

Sporty feel, comfortable. Decent amount of room front and back. Sirius radio. Manual shift feature. 17" rims.

MP3 Jack, 17" wheels, sporty look and performance

Power and quality

The whole car is great... solid engine, smooth shifting (even for the 5 spd auto trans), great brakes and stereo, comfortable ride, steering wheel mounted controls and great gas mileage.

- Handling around curves - Bose sound system - Rain-sensing wipers (I live in Seattle!) - Xenon Headlights - Exterior looks with 17inch alloy wheels - Driver's seat is power adjustable! 

Sporty look, peppy engine,smooth transmission. Great buy for the price.

Handling capabilities in turns and awesome creature comforts. The clutch and gears work short and very smooth unlike many stick shifts. The brakes are excellent.

Hatchback and rear folding seats provide great versatility. Independent rear suspension (only vehicle in it's class with this feature). 4 wheel antilocking disc brakes. This car instills confidence behind the wheel without having too much power to get into trouble.

Sporty looks, great acceleration & braking, handles very well, gas mileage is good considering how peppy the engine is, moonroof & 6-disc packages very nice. Auxiliary jack for iPod is awesome & keeps me entertained for my daily work commutes. Radio controls easy to operate, esp. on steering wheel.

17" wheels, Bose stereo, MP3 player, aux jack, visibility, Xenon headlights, sharp looks.

Great driving experience. I have never owned a small car and am impressed. If I had it to do over I would buy it again and again. 

Very quick and responsive acceleration and tight handling. Smooth transmission (5MT), easy and fun to drive. Sexy exterior styling, looks much sportier than the price suggests. Modern interior design, impressive dash and controls, lots of features and niceties. Lots of safety features are standard.

Great looking interior and exterior. Very useful extra space with the hatch back. Good fuel economy for the fun. 

Bose stereo with hook-up for iPod - sounds amazing; leather interior; exterior styling; flexible space from hatchback; tire pressure monitor; trip computer; 6 CD changer; remote starter

Great on gas, interior panel, 17" alloy wheels, all the gadgets on the steering wheel, and the trunk release button on the key fob.

Handling, overall performance, gas mileage, good shifter, very good brakes. Comfortable seats for long stints at the wheel. Good headlights but a rather sharp cut off on low beam, even with the standard adjustment feature. Overall performance and creature comforts are very good for this class. 

Gas mileage.

Crisp handling, nice interior, very good stereo (Bose), moonroof, flexible cargo layout. Mazda has made this same basic model for several years, so the bugs should be pretty well exterminated by now. IPod hook up and concealed compartment is nice. Good paint and overall panel fit. 

