Full size trunk in bed and bulletproof reliability. RTL is Honda's answer to the Escalade pickup!

Steering feel, transmission smoothness and responsiveness. Five foot bed is plenty big.

The well laid out interior and center armrest/storage area was great for the little items. Rear seat bottoms that fold up were nice and we used that area for a cooler, jackets etc.

Trunk, XM, & Heated Seats. I live in the North East.

Trunk, Gate, inside storage, cold air.

Clever packaging inside, looks and feels big inside while diminutive on the outside. Is one heck of a looker when accessories are added. In bed trunk is brilliant. 19 mpg average, worst was 15 mpg, best was 22 mpg. Fits three car seats if needed, or two car seats and one adult. Smooth high speed handling.

Power rear sliding window. Finally, a rear sliding window that is convenient! Auto down and UP for the driver window! In bed truck, two way tailgate. Heated wiper area. 

Carlike road manners and ride, great storage under the bed, long list of standard features, great gas mileage (for a truck), Honda quality - fit and finish excellent. This is also a very sharp looking truck that is extremely quiet and refined.

Obviously the locking trunk is an innovative & great option & can hold two sets of golf clubs. Double hinged tailgate a bonus. Well laid out interior not too fancy but nicely done with great storage. Leather interior is nice. Real comfortable & quiet on the highway. Not having to bail out Honda!!!

Bed trunk, great pickup, rear window, fold down or swing out tail gate, Flip up back seat. 4 cargo lights.

Abundance of airbags (side, side curtain, front) Stability control Trunk mp3 input

Solid build/quiet MPG 19 average- if you drive sensibly! MPG Hwy trips 22-23 on 300 mile trip:) MPG comment: Not a vehicle for lead- foots (floor this a lot- forget it :( Great Stereo Interior space Trunk and bed lights

In bed trunk, fold up seats, composite bed.

A trunk in a truck; why didn't anybody think of this before? Sportscar like handling

In bed trunk, composite bed, ride, handling, design, build quality, no rattles, no leaks, built in Canada and Honda ISN'T USING MY TAX DOLLARS FOR A BAILOUT that I sure as heck don't get.

Lockable in bed trunk and unique look

stereo

Ride quality, room, and overall balance between truck and SUV.

