I like almost everything so well that it is difficult to speak of favorites. I like the interior, especially the wood trim. The capacious trunk has been useful for carrying a wheel chair of late. The power is smooth and ample. All features integrate in to a very pleasurable whole.

Mileage for a V6, Bluetooth and GPS and it comes with XM radio. I have used that for 3 years so glad to have it integrated.

Fit and finish for 1000's less than competition, XM radio,folding side view mirrors, power. Very comfortable car.

No one feature stands out. All features mentioned above integrate into a most enjoyable driving experience. If you count price as a feature then that is standout. I would have had to pay thousands more for a similar auto.

The car is roomy, smooth, luxurious, and great-looking. The folding mirrors, Bluetooth, rear-window shade, wood accents, rain-sensitive wipers, etc. are all wonderful features. Above all is the music. The Infinity system is awesome. One can immerse themselves in XM music like no other experience.

The interior fit, finish and standard accessories that are furnished with this vehicle are an outstanding value. Trip mileage has been in the 25 to 26 mpg range.

Kicking sound system, great ride, plenty of get up and go, rear sun screen, Michelin tires on alloy wheels and plush interior make up a wonderful package and driving experience.

1. Smooth ride 2. Heated leather power seats. 3. Automatic windshield wipers. 4. The sound system. 5. The fit and finish; inside and out.

Memory seat,Adjustable gas peddle,rear sun shade, smooth ride,comfortable seats,sound system, Warranty. Just one great car.



Where do I start - the Navigation system is great. I love the heating/cooling DUAL system - and the fact that it adjusts itself. The power side mirror and the luxurious look of the interior with the dark cherry wood accents. The automatic windshield wipers are great too and the automatic lights!

The comfort and ride of a full size sedan. The Bluetooth is a great feature and works perfect. Very nice XM radio. Trip meter. Nice size trunk.

Memory seats, interior and trunk dimensions, interior displays, general comfort in the car.

This is, into it's fourth year, the best car buy for money. With the ultimate feature package you get customer adaptability features (my wife has arthritis) you only find in premium cars selling for tens of thousands of dollars more (eg. Acura rl). This is the best car buy I have found in fifty years.

It?s a nice, comfortable, fun to drive sedan. The iPod connection is wonderful

Too many: heated seats, power folding mirrors and tilt/telescoping steering wheel and pedals, super engine, auto lights and wipers, large trunk, just everything.

The 5 cd mp3 charger is nice very easy to use easy acces control to change stations.

Smooth V-6. Infinity sound system. ESC and Traction control. Power rear sunshade. Large trunk and backseat. Electroluminescant gauges. Adjustable pedals. Power folding mirrors.

The design and craftsmanship are superb. There are so many features that are included as standard and not add on.

Performance is outstanding. Interior comfort, amenities and instrumentation is outstanding. Exterior styling in my mind is great, but that's just MHO. Had it for 6 weeks now and no cons other then MPG, I was hoping for better at 75mph. 

Memory Driver Seat and the passenger side power seat (not available in most cars unless you pay alot more for it). Th Luminescent and Blue interior lighting makes night driving pleasurable. The Ipod and USB Ports are very handy. 

Awesome sound system with 605 watts, Infinity speakers, XM, IPod, MP3...Fantastic! Bluetooth for the phone, heated seats, LED lights, electric swivel side mirrors, memory seats, adjustable pedals, roomy trunk. What's not to like, the car is great.

My favorite features remain the same, love the sound system and I would add the roominess of the cabin and trunk to my list of favorites.

The 3.8 L engine, price, and the upgraded Infinity sound system. I was also pleasantly surprised to learn that the Navigation system will play a DVD as well as CD's. Also like the rear power sunshade. 

Xenon head lights,

