Great fuel economy - we have been getting 34 - 38 mpg on our commute (2/3 freeway and 1/3 city). Toyota quality. Lots of cargo space when the rear seats are folded down. Stereo sounds Great! Ipod adapter. Comfortable ride. Also, the proven reliable Corolla engine is in the xD. 

Stereo, double glove compartment, Everything.

Stereo. The gauge that tells me how much gas I use. The dealer is great.

Navigation with all the audio goodies. Great mileage. Love how quick it accelerates and how it handles. Rear seat configurations are great for hauling dogs and cargo, even a bike.

I like shifting the car best. Mine has a nice (upgraded) stereo. I like the bright red paint and the bulldog appearance. The spoiler makes it look a bit sportier. 

Ipod connection, manual transmission, roominess, folding seats for more cargo room, fuel efficient.

That Blazing Alpine radio that somehow came with mine. Fuel economy-Averaging 34.5 MPG with 50/50 city/highway. Seems bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside. Overall a fantastic vehicle. 

The speedometer/tachometer & the iPod input. The entire exterior of the car, very cool. 

Saw the dash as juvenile at first but I've come to see it's logic. I like the "sit-up" position. 5-speed is smooth and direct and coupled with such a surprisingly torque flexible engine makes slightly close gear ratios acceptable (OK, 5th might be a little longer). Hyper-milers rejoice! (don't lug)

Adjustable back seats, compact car with surprising interior space, leg room, cruise control (a must for me), Electric Wasabi color, drool from my friends' compliments, first aid kit, SD card & flash drive compatibility for the Pioneer computer system, pop-out cup holder, hidden sunglasses holder...

I Pod connection, fuel economy, overall bang for the buck! 

The color green, great on gas comes with everything you need. This is the Release model.

Driving experience and ABS.

I love the cool look of the interior having an Aux port and ipod port definitely get use outta both. I bought am aftermarket armrest from ebay works just fine for me. Overall great car fun to drive without a doubt.

Saved my life, my daughter and son-in-law's lives.

iPod connector. Peppy engine. Flat-folding, adjustable back seats. Sticker price. Tachometer/Speedometer is pretty cool. Gas mileage. Reliable. Center dashboard has a pretty neat design. Plastics inside are a little cheap to the touch, but look nice. 

Options/price ratio and the best in class power.

Great mileage and cool looks. I get tons of compliments on the vehicles' looks. I really like the fold-down rear seating to hawl things. The car zips through city traffic well, and supprisingly, 18 wheelers don't blow me off the highway at all. 

Ipod integrated control on steering wheel. Pioneer sound system is awesome sounding in the cabin. Ridiculous level of options available for the car from supercharger to custom cabin lights!

Body style is unique... I am averaging (between 2 cars and a loaner xd) 35 MPG and that is combined mileage (13 on highway and 14 in city) and that is on about 500 total miles...

Ipod connection that charges as well as plays through stock radio, user friendly and easily accessible controls, gas mileage, great in the snow, FUN TO DRIVE!

Ipod jack, Cool single sport dial for rmps and mph. the heat is soo hot and the ac is soo cold :). love how it tells u digitally your mpg and tire pressure. lots of cool digital warnings, for crying out loud it knows when your gonna slip! and it freakin tells you!

Awesome fuel mileage. Same engine as Toyota Corolla!

Looks turn heads every where. gas mileage in out standing. Only $16.00 for a fill up. Pioneer rocks but the base could be improved with speakers in the cargo area.

mp3 AUX input is nice, however the iPod connecter doesn't seem to give you full control to navigate. The 60/40 split rear seats and the fact that they fold down flat. Just great features for the price all around. Oh, bring on those high gas prices too!

MPG (I do a lot of city driving...) Size (as it relates to parking!) Standard features! Cargo space! Visibility (compared to other hatchbacks) 

Build quality- impeccable Zippy handling Integrated Ipod controls on steering wheel Looks different than the norm Safety features Gas mileage Toyota quality Double glove boxes Little storage cubbies 

Gas mileage, safety features and standard options that are not included with other brands. This car is fun to drive!

Radio and ipod hookups are pluses. Lots of space and the back seats are very comfortable (says my passengers). Front seats are also supportive - I have a bad back (herniated disk) but had no problems after a 6 hour drive. Gas mileage (saving money never goes out of style)! Price was lower than Fit

Seating position, roominess, "fun to drive" factor, gas mileage, integrated ipod stereo interface and great standard sound system. Lots of standard features.

The standard features! Also, the Toyota Corolla engine, suspension, etc gives more bang for the buck. Great MPG! Also, it's extremely customizable and comfortable! The Honda Fit just doesn't compare especially in regards to comfort. I have the optional Pioneer sound package and it's well worth it! 

looks, fuel economy, price & value, etc.

Great mileage and sporty style

Appearance (distinctive!). Lots of standard features. Toyota reliability (anticipated). We've had spectacular luck with this make! 

We love the Ipod hook up, the gas mileage and the get up and go with the manual transmission. The car is very roomy even in the back seat.

The exterior design is one of my favorite features but it's also really cute inside. The controls are in the center above the steering wheel. I like this - you don't have to search. 

I like that my left arm rests comfortably on the door rest. The heat/air controls are handy so no reaching to adjust. The seat fits my body well and sits up high. Mileage is great. Was able to fit a 7ft piece of trim through the middle. Great no hassle price. 

Nice engine, car style, gas mileage, extra bells and whistles, 16'' wheels, and stereo (plus MP3 player hookups)

Only feels like a small car when I'm parking it. Standard 16 inch tires. Keyless entry, the little wiper in back,folding seats (not that my husband is allowed to haul anything in it until 2019) oh yeah the air conditioner! Chill ya to the bone!

Handling and gas mileage.

Fit and finish, simply the best in the class. Standard options and fun gadgets available to accessorize. Fun to drive and has a sporty look and a solid feel. Great value.

Handling.

38 mpg real world driving!

Fun to drive, good gas mileage, great fit and finish, tons of features.

