smooth & quiet

The lovely black glossy finish. The easy-to-use nav system. The comfortable seats. The acceleration of the 6-speed transmission. All- wheel drive - a "must-have" in North Dakota. My bicycle fits in the back!

Exterior style (German with an Italian flair), S-line style in particular. Interior style and fit (befits a $100k car). Audi Drive Select ($2k gets you the equivalent of 2 different car personalities)

LED Lights, all wheel drive

side assist, bluetooth and voice command, drop dead gorgeous looks, smooth, quiet and comfortable, exceptional fuel economy

Interior and Exterior looks, quiet smooth ride, quick acceleration, fun to drive, dash display, night time panel lights, Bang Olufsen stereo. 

LIGHTS!!!! The sound, it's so clear - the ipod connection. The fact that there are so few on the streets. ~All in ALL the car itself~~

Styling, S-Line is the only way to go...

Color and style are stunning. I absolutely love Side Assist for highway driving. Bang & Olufsen Sound w/Sirius & ipod interface is the best around. Everything just speaks elegance. With the manual trans, it?s the perfect blend of sports car and class.

I-Pod function is seamless with the MMI controls, bluetooth phone connection works great, and LED running lights are a stunning accent!

Exterior design, parking assist, Hamon Kardon Audio.

Overall elegance both inside and out. The rich dark hue of the Deep Sea Blue paint at twilight. Six speed manual and, of course, the B & O premium sound system cranking out Serius Blues.

LED daytime running lights- soon they'll be ubiquitous but for now quite exotic looking (wish I could see them when I'm driving). Technology package- Side Assist and Smart key. Huge trunk. MMI is surprisingly easy to learn. 

Quattro. 

Styling, interior controls, sound system, smooth ride, fun to drive, highway acceleration. Manual transmission started off a little rough but drives like a dream now after three weeks. Lots of room inside and trunk is huge. Interior styling feels nice, not much hard plastic.

B&O sound system. Stitch work on seats for S line. Exterior design. Headlamps are by far the coolest on the street. Being one of only 2 A5 drivers in Jacksonville is fantastic. 

Bang & Olufsen sound, handling, trunk size, driving position, engine, voice commands, MMI/navigator, exterior styling. There is an interface for an iPod. In dash 6-disc CD player. I like the redundant steering wheel controls. Bluetooth, voice command controls are appreciated.

Manual transmission with sportline package. Awesome front and rear grille.

The B & O system is absolutely the best car audio I've ever heard. Radio, NAV, ipod & blue tooth integration are flawless! Arm rest slides fwd with adjustable height to match shifter elevation. Large boot. With 500 miles on car in last 2 weeks, I have no regrets.

Looks, cinnamon milano leather, plenty of standard features, an excellent navigation interface, a pretty good value, attractive standard rims, technology package (well worth the money), B & O sound system, quality inside and out, a good alternative to the far too common 3 series coupe

The 2009 has voice activation and it is a joy to use. No problems with it understanding me from the git go. Can call up a radio station by name, including going from the traffic report on AM to the oldies in Sirius with a single request. Can call up nav, ask for it to find a gas station by voice. 

S-Line wheels, drive select, manual trans

The Deep Sea Blue Pearl exterior and Cinnamon Brown Milano leather interior are a perfect combination. Push button start and convenience key are great. A practical boot that can accommodate real world luggage and carrying requirements. B & O sound system. 

Everything, especially the Bang & Olufsen sound system.

