Rides "bigger" than its actual size. I also like the high seating position

Still steeply discounted: Leather heated seats & cruise for ~$16K...Wow! 17" wheels/tires look great and signifiacntly improve handling, but decrease MPGs a bit. Sync is outstanding. IPod interface works well. Large trunk.

easy clean interior......dog fur sync foglights on secondary roads better than advertised fuel economy 

Sync, Ambient lighting, sporty look, sporty suspension.

Good blend between gas mileage and performance. Good handling. Doors have a solid feel on closing. Well equipped for price. $2-3k price diff vs corolla or civic. Very spacious interior for a c class car although rear leg room is tight. Excellent sided mirrors. high rear trunk makes backing up iffy

Turning radius beats Civic. Ride is nice but don't forget you are in a small car so you will feel the road.

It starts and goes

 See above!

atellite radio, shifter

Everything others have mentioned.... 6 air bags, Fit & finish, solid build on a small car. Rides more like a midsize sedan. Roomy, easy to get in and out of. Very competitive price compared to others in its class. Yes, the sound system is very nice !! Test drive one and make your own conclusions!

I like that it has power everything (except seats) and heated mirrors. The steering wheel controls for the radio and leather wrapped steering wheel. Also Sync is a very easy to use system that helps you keep your eyes on the road while trying to change albums from your MP3 player or make a call. 

Love the exterior, Colors offered, seats are way comfortable, LED LIGHTS and SYNC, ROCK!! 

Gas Mileage, Manual Transimission, Interior space, SYNC System.

Love the legroom that the coupe provides. Dash lights look cool at night. Lots of options for a commuter car - doesn't look like a rental car - tinted headlights, spoiler, aluminum wheels, exhaust tip. 5 speed seems very well sorted out - not clunky at all. Huge trunk, rear folding seats are nice

gas mileage, SAT radio

SYNC. It integrates USB Flash Audio, Vehicle Management, Blue-tooth Audio, etc. as well or better than current generation luxury cars. Very decent mileage w/ manual trans...35-42 MPG by driving hyper conservatively; 30 MPG with typical driving; and 25 MPG with spirited or in-city traffic driving

SYNC - by far is my favorite feature. If you don't get it, you are really missing out. It works flawlessly. Also I love the ambient lighting, leather steering wheel, steering wheel controls, dimming rear view mirror, and awesome dashboard lights.

Ergonomics, seat comfort, driving position, and oh yes! Fuel economy

Exterior and interior finish. Ease of power seat adjustment, instrument panel, trunk space and interior room. Build quality.

Smooth ride, very smooth drivetrain, no rattles, great MPG, awesome stereo, very comfortable seats, build quality smokes Honda, corners well for how soft the ride is, very quiet, great shifter, great exhaust note, looks good, SYNC rules!, colored LEDs inside are cool, nice steering feel, i love it!



Great handling

SYNC, Moon Roof, radio & paint.



Sync, Audiophile system, MPG

Bluetooth, hands-free phone; good reliability and safety specs; leather heated seats; headlights; acceleration; rear-view mirror; fuel economy; good buy!

There are many things i love about the car, first is the SYNC, that should be in every car made, second, its just a fun car to drive, from the peppy motor to the tight road hugging steering. Its a well built machine

The power ( I have a manual transmission), Gas mileage and the sporty look.

SYNC, interior lighting, SES 17" wheels, blacked out grill, roof spoiler, SES coupe exhaust sound (plus the extra 3 hp)

Location and layout of the controls, especially the duplicates on the steering wheel. The dashboard backlighting colors are fantastic too. The ambient lighting is OK, but a dome light over the rear seat would be more useful/functional. The trunk is huge for a car this small.

1. Quite the horse power for a 4 cindlinder. 2. Easy to clean cup holders and other materials. 3. move seat belts.

Everything easily accessible for the driver, easy to keep the interior clean, Great MPG, nice looking style. All of the indicator lights to let you know everything and the system check feature. 

handling, and good front view

Corney as it sounds I like the lighted cup holders. The engine will actually shut off 2 cylinders and run if it has over-heated (read your manual). Oil changes at ever 7500 miles. Nice size glove box and center console.

SYNC, SEATS, GET UP & GO, HEAT-AC SYS. RIDE. 

The SYNC system, leather heated seats, sunroof!!!!!

Manual Tranny, Sunroof, Audio system, SYNC, fuel economy.

Well thought out for the economic driver in minds. I chose 5 speed, gearbox shift is fantastic, acceleration is sharp. Seat heaters. Bangs for the buck - excellent.

Sirus raido. 

Sync is a great feature, well done. Sirius radio and sound system are great. Gas mileage at 30 MPG is impressive with my auto for the first 30 days. Solid doors (when closing ) make a solid impression. Great interior lighting Nice ride (Mom says she could sleep in here) Is that a Ford? It's hot! 



Sync, The whole exterior( black on black), and how peppy it is for a 4 cylinder eco car. The sport tuned exaust gives it a nice roar(growl?) compared to the SE model

The overall look...but looks are deceiving!!!!

Sync, satellite radio, big trunk, high gas mileage, wonderful visibility (through the side and rear-view mirrors, I can easily 4-5 lanes of traffic - great because I live in the DC area)

Comfortable interior. SYNC (the biggest improvement in cars since GPS), Advance Trac, Heated Leather Seats, fuel economy, handling, quiet ride, int. & ext. color combinations. The outstanding reliability of my old 2001 Ford Focus was a huge selling point for the new model. 

Where else can you find dynamic stability control, leather heated seats and 35 MPG for $16 grand. SYNC with Standard Sirius radio really differentiates the Focus at this price point. Nice manual gear box. Well laid out controls. 17" wheels/tires both look good and do significantly improve handling. 

-SYNC! It is pretty awesome -Much better MPG than advertised -Possibly cheapest available vehicle with leather seats -Seems very reliable -Comfortable for 6'1" 220 lb man -Driver sits quite high for a compact 

Gas mileage, large comfortable seats, comfortable ride, sync system, stock stereo, ride quality

Great gas mileage, big trunk, Sirius radio and SYNC.

Exterior-interior design, leather bucket seats, steering, inside layout, peppiness, comfort, like its confident stance on the road. Super little car!

The styling, handling, power and accessories. Nice details and accents around the car make you feel like you are driving a much more expensive vehicle. The in-car electronics are a nice touch. Although I didn't care about Sync when reading the brochure, I now glad that I have it!

Leather seats, Sync, styling, gas mileage.

SYNC is the best. Smooth ride. Much improved sound deadening. Mileage. It really rides and handles like a much more expensive car. The seats are set high for great visibility with plenty of head space.

Heated front seats, ambient lighting, 6 disc cd changer, overall styling, great MPG's, spacious interior, smooth ride, excellent handling, voice command and ease of bluetooth hook-up, steering wheel controls, decent acceleration for a 4 cyl., and that everyone in my big family are thrilled with it!

Sync, Sirius satelite radio, sporty look.

Gas mileage and Sync

SYNC is amazing. Auido system with Sub rocks. Sirus for 6 months a plus and interor LED's are very cool. Nice trunk.All controls on steering wheel a plus.

Sirius radio free for 6 months! The dash is well laid out, attractive graphics. The message center provides easy to read, useful real time data. I like the ride and lack of road noise. For a compact, this car is quite comfortable. MPG!

SYNC

SYNC, Sangria Red, ambient lighting, wheels, spoiler.

The handling, pep, MPG & the satellite radio stand out. The comfortable seats & the moon roof are nice also.

Sync, Sirius, USB conection, MPG.

Sync system (I know this is a bit techy but if it ever quits I can live without it), gas mileage, ride quality

Satellite radio. Cruise control. Mpg reading and miles to empty tank reading. Awesome mpg overall!

Gauges- miles to E, MPG average; two 12v plugs, plenty of storage in the glovebox, armrest and doors, two different size cup holders, love my color. 

Sirius satellite radio. Dash layout. Comfortable ride. MPG

I really like it all, but the sun roof, 5 speed (works like a champ), and the leather seats are best. Then along with the economy, and it's fun to drive!

