Looks. Both Inside and Out.

Radio, power drivers seat, fun to drive, MP3 player jack.

Six speed manual shift, satellite radio and On-Star. The styling is attractive. The features are all great on the X-R.

Aesthetically stylish, sporty and sophisticated. Car offers great value and luxe amenities ( Hands free calling, built in Universal Remote-eliminates separate gate and garage opener) for price. Feel very safe with On Star. Interior roomy, spacious cargo area. 

XM Radio, OnStar and V6 had lots of power.

Sunroof, styling and power.

The outside is pretty. Seats adjust well. Great for taller or bigger people.

The mileage will save us a bundle as we put 20,000+ miles on per year. Compared to the minivan it replaced, its a miser on gas, but still lots of room.

Color, midnight Blue, Steering like a car

OnStar

I love the exterior styling and sporty (quiet) ride, compact size, rain sensor windshield wipers/auto headlights, Onstar, MP3 jack, sport shift. 

Standard bluetooth, standard heated seats, standard leather seats with suede-- the Redline is the way to go. Also love the On-star and the Satellite Radio.

On-Star, peppy v6, good visibility

Cargo netting, radio, OnStar, especially the Manual shifting. Have not had a chance to experience the stability traction feature (hope I don't have too), but if I do I feel safe in knowing I have it.

OnStar, XM radio, tons of power, easy handling and response.

Ride is great. Better than an Escape by any measure.

The interior and exterior design, the high performance engine, the Stabilitrack which works like 4-wheel drive in the snow, the excellent sound system, and the smooth shifting transaxle along with the firm 4-wheel disc brakes.

Styling, ride quality. Very well equipped even on base model. German engineering on a budget. Price with incentives is very competitive. 

Everything. When I test drove the V4 and the V6, I liked the V4 better (XE-2.4L). The total incentives to buy this car was $5500 off the sticker price ($1500 of which was because I was coming out off a lease) I bought the car right away. Now after a week of driving it, I am still very impressed

Love the seats. Love the new interior. Really love the chrome trim and roof rails. Just a nice-looking car.

Very strong V6 engine and precise steering, Bluetooth hands-free phone capability, and XM radio. Also, the Vue has a 5-year, 100,000 mile power train warranty -- better than Honda.

Very good mileage for an SUV. Good interior space. Like OnStar. I like buying American cars.

