Engine Transmission combo in the Limited.

Love the dual glove compartments! 4cyl acceleration is smooth and plenty powerful, suspension is great, interior comfort is excellent in front seats with plenty of leg room given that I am 6'1". Plenty of cargo space, and getting 24-27 MPG. Fun vehicle to drive, with no regrets yet in buying it!

The most attractive feature I noticed is the hill descent control. For some reason I didn't understand how to get the hill ascent control working.

Utility of the cargo area and ease of handling. Good driving position.

Satellite radio, bluetooth, smart key, high tech safety features.



The sweet V6 in this vehicle, at 60 mph with the cruise on I get 27-29 mpg depending on wind direction and when you need to pass it has plenty of power. High quality interior materials.

Display of MPG and Temp at a touch of a button on the steering wheel.

V6 power, smooth transmission, great fuel economy, inside space, easy access, Toyota reliability.

Like hidden compartment in rear and ease of use of audio.



Very versatile. Lots of cargo space. Safety features...side impact air bags. Base model includes a host of features like power everything, decent radio with mp3 support, tinted windows, etc. 

Enjoy powerful yet silky smooth engine with great visibility.

Height- Back door opening from side- cargo space-

Fast sport like feel, Awesome gas mileage, Smooth Ride, Bluetooth, AWD, Towing, Heated Seats, Stereo...cupholders in the backseat, storage under the floor. QUALITY.



none

Power of the V6 still with acceptable gas mileage. The build feels strong & safe. The RAV4 is very quiet on the road. I guess most cars have it now but the AUX input for MP3 players is good and easily accessible. 17" alloy wheels are excellent.

Smart key, satellite radio, bluetooth.

Roomy interior is great. This car's handling is great.

I personally like the style of the vehicle, the 4 cyl. engine provides adequate thrust, the hidden space where the spare tire normally resides is a bonus and I would recommend the rear backup camera integrated into the rearview mirror. Locking 4 wheel drive will be handy in Ohio winters.

Super white color. Very Comfortable seats. Radio and gauges sit high and they are easy to glance at. Split glove compartment and place for sunglasses.

Love the hidden compartment and cargo. The economic package sure is a deal. 

I like that the seats in back recline. I also appreciate that there is a lot of leg room in back.

Comfortable seats, plenty of pep, roomy well thought out interior.

MPG, seats, number of cubbies and the storage space

High mpg. Quietness. Build quality (it's a Toyota. What do you expect?). Great seat comfort when compared to a Honda CRV. Sure footed on road. Durability of a Toyota.

Tons of power and sports car like handling in the V6 sport trim. 

I love the fast acceleration this vehicle has. Merging into traffic on the highway is never an issue. I also like the IPod jack. The seats are reasonably comfortable. Perhaps the best feature is the room for the backseat passengers. The cargo room in the rear is also impressive.

The steering wheel audio controls and steering wheel blue tooth controls provide great convenience and safety. You can talk on the phone without actually touching your cell phone or bluetooth ear piece! Also, the rear seats fold straight down to the floor just by pulling a lever.

Have to say the mileage and interior space. Looks good also.

AC outlet in rear. Tremendous cargo space! Comfy seats. Adjustable rear seats. Minimal blind spots, great visibility. Responsive handling. Smooth ride. Lots of little storage places for things. Tons of cup holders.

The power of the V6 in a small vehicle. Gas mileage. JBL 9 speaker system with bluetooth and aux jack. Storage space under cargo area.



Good seal from outside (low wind noise). Power locks and windows. Auxiliary jack for the iPod is the best accessory feature ever. Comfortable seats. Good visibility for the most part (driver's side blind spot a bit tough to manage). Like the second glove compartment. Cup holders odd size even w/inserts.

This small body SUV/CUV with V6 engine has excellent acceleration, even uphill with several passengers and A/C running. Seats have a "European stiffness", quite comfortable on long drives.

Smart key, handling, comfort, quiet ride, storage, leather and heated seats.

I am most impressed with the smooth, comfortable ride. Interior space in every direction: head, shoulders, legs, both front and rear. Lots of cargo space. Bluetooth is tops, leather seats are comfortable, moonroof is always essential. Rear seats can move back and forth and also recline. 

Fun to drive.

Power. 3 row seats. Exterior design - looks better than a Lexus. Controls. Aux jack for ipod, etc. 



I like the V6 engine and low road noise. The vehicle responds quickly in cornering/turning. The back seats fold down with a pull of levers giving more storage space. The speakers positions are well placed. I like the display button on the wheel telling me about the average mpg and temperature. 

Interior design and color, Gas mileage, nice performance for a 4 cylinder and it does not feel like the motor is being over worked. 

Height while driving, bluetooth, XM, gas mileage, pwr driver seat, spacious rear seat & cargo area, adjustable rear seats, moonroof, auto lights, smart key, roof rack. No issues with the size of cup holders as others mentioned. Low height of the rear cargo when you open the rear door is nice.

The RAV handles very well. I like the fold down seats and storage area.

Taupe leather seats, sound system, storage and cargo capacity, engine acceleration at highway speed.

Very good gas mileage for this class vehicle, 2.5 engine surprisingly peppy. Very good storage features as well as standard equipment that normally would have been considered options in other SUVs.

Heat seaters-but even those are on timers which I dislike.

Comfortable seats, easy in and out. Mileage. 

Rear seats folding flat. "Handles" in cargo area to lower rear seats. Powerful V6. The stereo(no upgrades) is fantastic with easy to use controls.

gas mileage

Great look, handling, power.

powerful 4 cyl, gas mileage, cargo space, good road feel and steering

Performance with decent gas mileage. Good interior size for a smaller SUV. Excellent exterior styling. Fit and finish.

Gas mileage, Aux port, instantaneous and overall MPG's on the steering wheel (no reaching into the dash to flip through/reset, 17" wheels, cargo space galore, smooth ride, solidly constructed (heavy doors, little road noise)

The RAV4 has a sporty look and the V6 is quick and responsive.

Rides smooth with a lot of performance. 

The new Rav4 is smoother,quicker and gave me 23 MPG in city. My one year old daughter likes the vehicle very much, as she can clearly see the road. The new sound system is better than old one. I like the reclining rear seats, abundant cargo space, I can sleep in the car with rear seats folded.

Handling and engine performance. Also easy access to rear cargo.

Exterior styling, VERY surprising performance from the 4 banger engine. Nice colour, too. And it's built here in Canada.

V-6 performance, sport appearance package (no rear mounted spare); fit/finish and reliability. 

Engine, exterior features, smart key, keyless ignition, the side opening back door, the folding seats.

The paint



Back seat controls, quick access from trunk. Very stable and soft cruise-control. External design. Transmission smoothness. Well designed moon-roof. Turn radius including the wheel (three radius).



build quality, fit and finish, the V-6 performance; reliability and resale

Handling and performance. This vehicle is first class in almost every way (except for the improvements I suggest).

The way it handles and accelerates. We owned two Camry's previous and the 4 cyl had know get up and go. This goes good better than the Camry and this has the 4 cyl.

Backup camera is nice to judge distance from my bumper to the car behind me in parallel parking. Also love the bluetooth phone hookup. It is great to use and helps in safety when I need to use the phone while driving. It took me a while to get used to the smart key system, but I really like it!

The navigation system, the powerful drive, the handling in snow, heated leather seats and the smart key entry system.

Perfect height tailgate seating for changing in/out of ski boots. Truly heated lumbar supported drivers seat & heated side view mirrors. Easily reachable roof rack. Great turn radius, sound system, Bluetooth, double glove box, rear seat release latches, and actually everything.

The smart key really saves a lot of hassle in that you never have to search for the key in your handbag. You just have to have it in there somewhere to be able to open and start the car. The Bluetooth is also very handy. 

Plenty of space.

Slick interior, handles in the back that you can pull to lower back seats without having to open the side door, storage spaces, how "tight" it feels on the road.

Performance, handling and traction, and the ability to take a pretty good hit without any negative effects on the passengers.

Fun to drive, handles well in snowy weather conditions, easy to drive.

comfortable interior, great handling on snowy roads.

Engine quickness is a plus. The exterior styling changes are nice as well. 

V6 is fast, suspension is solid and handles well. Lots of room inside, great SUV if you don't need the 3rd row like the Highlander which is about $7K more. Updated Sport Look is much improved.

Bluetooth Handsfree system and push button start.

Exterior look. Lots of storage. Color choice. Ease of back entry.

Touch screen NV

Built-in Bluetooth and XM radio. Reclining rear seats. Instrument cluster showing instant and average MPG. Dual-side climate controls. Smart-key keyless entry and Prius-like "Start" button. MP3 audio plug, although I would have liked a USB connector as well. I am sure I will love the heated seats.

Strong acceleration, great front-end handling, nicely placed controls and flexible storage with easy to use flip down rear seats. 

MP3 auxiliary jack, driving comfort, quietness, reliability, fuel economy, crash-test results, ease of access.

