Ipod integration, manual 6 speed, handling, nice steering wheel, the sound of the engine, surprising large trunk space, great braking, turning radius.

Favorite Feature: the sound of the car when is starting up! It's just amazing!!! Ohh, and the super, extra comfy sport seats, they are so amazing!!!

Suggested Improvements

Driving in town top down, or in small country roads. For small trip, you can have your friends in the back, and they will not complain.

Exterior styling, acceleration, braking, and cornering. 8 position front seats with lumbar support keeps u comfortable.

The styling is my fav. Gorgeous car.

Highly recommend sports package. Sports package includes a beautifully crafted and thick racing M steering wheel, M shifter handle, and awesome sport seats, as well as blacked out trim around the windows. I don't have experience with the base stereo, but do recommend the upgraded audio system.

Six speed auto with shifters (Sport Package) Auto seats with memory TOP DOWN! SUN UP! Strong engine, smooth shifting when in auto. COOL SP MODE No-maintenance Color (Red) and Light color pleather interior Ride & sport exhaust (took some getting use to the exhaust). Lots of turned heads and questions.

Handling, cornering, acceleration.

Smooth engine, fantastic feel of the road, folding rear seats and nice leather interior.

The learn drive feature...it's great...great acceleration...would not spend the extra dollars for the 135i...if I was on the autobahn maybe...but in the US no need...

Handling! The sounds of the exhaust. Soft top. Iphone adapter. Heated seats for the Boston winter.

Engine, handling, compact yet trunk room for 3 golf bags and usable rear seats if your not a 6+ footer. ipod usb adapter, heated seats work very well. Stock stereo much better than most- 10 speakers w/2 subs.

Ultra-refined, absurdly fast engine mated to a slick automatic tranny, clean, easy-to-read gauges, poised, superb balance and handling, perfect steering, awesome exhaust note, thick, meaty steering wheel, decent audio.

Powerful engine with a satisfying low roar, smooth automatic transmission. iPod connector works great. New iDrive is simple and intuitive.

Torque, horsepower, handling, looks, comfort, 6 speed manual transmission, excellent brakes, performance package and the thrill factor! Also, there are not many of these on the road so you don't see yourself coming and going like the 3, 5, or 7 series. I can't wait to do a track day with this car!

Awesome power, comfortable ride, functional interior, unique styling. 300 lb/ft of torque at 1700rpm is something you experience, not explain. 

Looks, engine, roughish drive, fits like a glove, electronics (iPod, bluetooth, etc.), engine sound, the way the manual tranny lever vibrates while idle!!

Power, performance, gadgets- Bluetooth, iPod, rotating headlights for turning, top down climate control. All in all the car is just fun to drive.

