The technology package -nobody holds a candle -weather, navi screen, hdd, voice recognition, pics, the stereos sound quality! Also, the sh-awd is perfect for all weather driving excitement.

I-Pod integration, real time weather, the ELS stereo is incredible. I just want to sit in the car all day and listen to music.

-Excellent Driving Position -Beautiful Interior Design -Technology Package is Awesome -Made in the USA

Performance, comfort, body style, 18" wheels, navigation, voice recognition.

Supple leather interior. Comfort. The dual cockpit design of the interior oozes luxury. Traffic updates on navi screen. Reverse camera shows footprint of where car will end up. Ipod SYNC. Syncs with my outlook contacts. Too many tech features to list - I'm still learning them.

Plenty of low-end torque; precise steering; perfectly tuned suspension that offers a taut sporty ride without feeling harsh on rough roads; superbly integrated Tech. package features (hi- res. voice-activated nav. system, 440 watt HDD-based audio sys., HandsFreeLink, and the keyless entry system).

Tech package especially the usb input. Build quality. Sound system. Exterior styling.

Love the iPod compatibility; seat leather is supple and feels great; love the cockpit design of the interior; standard HID headlights.

Handling and response are excellent along with fit and finish. Gas mileage appears to be running around 25 mpg.

Technology package-navigation, ipod integrations, hard drive, the ability to use a flash drive for music and pictures, voice activated everything, keyless start and entry. Fuel Economy. We are averaging 28 on the hwy with 93 octane. Roominess of the interior. Build quality

The technology package! Live traffic, iPod interface and hard drive to upload all your CDs, weather forecast, which is limited but cool. Key less entry and start!

Second day I was coming home from the gym and threw my bag in the trunk and couldn't close the door, the trunk wouldn't lock and kept popping back open with an audible alert (I thought oh no is it broken), but finally I realized the key fob was in my gym bag, won't let you lock your keys in trunk.

The nav display is very clean and easy to handle. Backup camera is a nice touch and the voice commands.

Nav system, style, AWD, handling, and acceleration.

Back up camera, iPod connection, HDD, XM traffic/weather, bluetooth, etc., just about EVERYTHING standard in the tech package. 

Audio/Tech system. Just getting used to iPod thing so I miss the 6 CD changer. 5.1 audio is awesome. Weather updates incredible. Back/up camera, wow. I'm driving home backwards from work next week. Seats are very supportive and comfortable. Plenty of interior room. This car is a head turner. 

SH-AWD power and handling, nav system (fast, clear with tons of features), iPhone integration including music and phonebook, voice recognition that can control about every feature of the car

Tech package is a blast, with iPod, bluetooth, doppler radar (crazy), and a nav system with 7M+ points of interest. Shift paddles make ramps and passing more fun, as well as engine breaking. Styling has actually gotten great reviews from friends as well as most passerby (many thumbs up)

280hp!!!

Everything: powerful engine, gas MPG, as solid as rock, smooth and quiet, Honda reliability!

Back up camera, sound system, 280 hp, paddle shifters, features for the price.

Push start, size, Tech Package

Navi system, stereo

Nav system w/live traffic and doppler radar is incredible! Quiet ride. Quick throttle response. Very good handling and braking for a FWD car. 

Engine performance, best of breed navigation system, build quality, stereo, perceived reliability

Tech package features, more specifically I love the new audio set up and NAV system, side profile and unique look and POWER



Technology package; handling; paddle shifters; sound quality of the stereo system (I find myself not wanting to get out of the car); gas mileage is surprisingly better than I thought it would be; interior quality (just feels/looks luxurious); seats--they just hug your body; engine power/acceleration.

Tech package gives you features that cost $15K extra in the German cars. You pop in a CD and guess what? It's automatically copied to the hard drive. You can just sit in the car listening to beautiful music being bathed in soft leather and it doesn't matter if the missus is 45 minutes late.

Nav, ELS sound system, handling on SH- AWD when pushing it, aggressive look and feel, interior room (better than 5- series). 

AWD; navigation; ELS 10-speaker stereo; ipod connectivity; and voice recognition.

Technology Package, Voice Recognition System, New Exterior and Interior Design, SH-AWD

Suspension, transmission, Navi, ELS, HDD for music, bold exterior design, noise isolation, EPS.

Tech Package is excellent. No need to fumble for your bluetooth headset. Creating new destinations on the fly is possible without having to stop. I love the styling of the car especially from the back. XM Realtime weather with dopler is a plus in snowy New England.

Superb ELS audio, SH-AWD system, very user friendly Nav system, Bluetooth phone link.

Paddle Shift, don't use the brakes as much, push start, exterior design, voice navigation, the sport handling with an unbelievably smooth ride. The car is a head- turner. Blue-tooth connectivity, sound system, moon roof, surprisingly soft leather seats and they fold down for my snowboard. Too many to list!!!

Tech Package features.

Tech features, comfortable seats, V6 engine, and the head lights. 

Great ride, quick, roomy.

SH-AWD, Hard Drive, Navigation, Ipod interface. 

Styling, smooth ride, comfortable interior. 

The navigator is so awesome, such a great upgrade from a Garmin. The voice recognition makes everything so easy to handle, from the radio to the climate control. The iPod USB connection is awesome, it keeps the iPod charged. The HDD is awesome! Downloading CDs into the hard drive means no CDs!

tech package, interior layout

Navigation, XM radio, traffic and wx.

Powerful engine, dual air, comfortable ride and Blue Tooth phone set up.

Radio, exterior, and interior styling .

Tightness of awd handling, looks, technology, and interior (I feel like I am part of the car, not just an occupant).

NAV, Bluetooth, push-button start/stop, styling.

AWD, perfect steering, super fast acceleration, solid build quality, interior and exterior styling, sporty but not rough ride. Beats all other vehicles tested in my opinion including G37. Sound system is top notch. All the tech toys included!

NAV system, MP3 hookup, Hard Drive, rear camera, keyless entry/start, AWD.

440 Watt 10 speaker surround sound stereo, Bluetooth connectivity, 12 gigabyte hard disk drive, push button start, smooth yet sporty ride, rear backup camera.

The sound system. It has so many options to play music (Hard Drive, USB for (IPOD/MP3/flash drive), XM, FM, AM). It's a personal DJ. I never have to worry on the trips when I need to hear some good music. :)

Exterior looks (getting used to the grill), ipod connectivity, comfortable seats, heated seats, bluetooth, dash layout and fuel economy. 

Navigation system, ipod hookup, stereo features, & voice recognition are really easy to use.

The tech package.

Nav system, sound system and performance.

The Nav system is the best I've seen. Quite up to date and extremely user friendly. Ride was smooth but a little too soft. 

Ipod, sound system

Power in sh-awd, and to some extent base is also good. Sound system. Awesome style. 

Extremely high quality velvety smooth engine, sculptured look, great gas mileage, great sounding radio, lots of comments when I get fuel as people love the beauty of the car, this is my second acura, love the overall looks, hid headlights.

The MID and the Nav system are absolutely great. Love the voice command, HDD, and iPod connection features, and my first experience with XM radio is very positive so far.

Everything mentioned above.

Interior seats, smooth engine, steering wheel quietness on the road.

The Tech Package and the softness of the ride.

Ride is softer and quieter than my 2007 TL. Nav system is more responsive and mostly easier to use. Ability to play MP3s from thumbdrives. Instantaneous MPG display. Controller is easy to use after a short learning curve. Distance scale on BU camera.

Looks and steering; sound system

Tech package.

Tech Package, HID Headlights, Rear Camera, Keyless Entry/Push button start

AWD, Super Handling, driver seat comfort, ease of driving, horsepower, best Honda brakes ever, ELS stereo system, HDD, body styling with 18" wheels.

Distinctive styling, well-crafted interior and the quiet and smooth, but still sporting ride. Hands-free link for bluetooth phones is intuitive and clean. The voice recognition is amazing.

Exterior look and quiet ride.

Push button start, navi, ELS Audio, Wide moonroof, soft suspension, USB integration, TPS, just about everything.

Engine power/SH-AWD, exterior (turns heads!), real-time traffic and weather, radar map, USB/iPod connection and the beautiful interior. I have two friends that drive a 335i and 545i and they couldn't get over how beautiful the interior is. They almost lost it when they saw the Doppler radar map.

Audio, power, ride, & comfort.

Handling, appearance, instrumentation, sound system. It looks and feels like a car that costs $20,000 more.

Styling - increased power and increased interior space.The tech. package is awesome and as always best value in its class.

USB port...I listen to all my music through a portable USB Flash drive....No need to burn CDS.

Everything, its just cool and edgy.

tech, blue tooth, warranty

Car is keyless. Love not having to pull out the fob for anything. USB port. Bought an 8 gig thumb drive and put 1400 songs on it, still not full. Excellent sound system and navigation. Unique looks.

Tech package. Power assist steering. Sound system is awesome.

All the tech, nav, power, handling, audio system, iPod integration. 

Tech package with live weather updates, traffic updates, radar, + new features. Love the idea of the HDD to record CD's. Great audio system, CD Audio. Great location of the Nav system and control knob. Better placement of controls on steering wheel. Better turning ratio, tighter. Side profile.

exterior look and tech package.

Nav screen clarity is like going from a 13" black and white TV to a 54" 1080p HDTV, razor sharp handling and power, interior fit and finish, seat comfort (both front and back), audio system with full ipod integration and hard disc memory for CD's and MP3 files, xenon headlights. 

Voice-activated blue tooth, steering wheel controls, pre-set seat and mirror settings, great MPG, exterior is stunning.

Technology package, power, handling and interior comfort and amenities.

Interior cabin fits like a glove. Great acceleration, fun to drive. 

iPod integration & how it displays music info on the nav screen; voice commands; keyless entry and ignition; HID headlights; LED lights in the interior; sound system with tech package.

Electronics, sound system, electrical steering, fun-to-drive. Great design, excellent car. You will enjoy it.

Keyless starting, engine, nav and all the tech stuff.

The sound system is out of this world. The navigation system is a step into the future and the iPod compatibility is the best!

All the cool technology.

Cool electronics & features, comfortable seats, stock xenons and very roomy interior, good price for luxury entry price with given options.

Hard drive for CDs is great, and so is keyless entry. And car had very good acceleration. 

Inside, the leather, color combo, radio, HDD, heating and cooling, fit and finish.

Styling. Tech toys

I really like the hard drive and USB feature on the car. It does ride very smoothly and handles very well on the road. It is well worth the $$.

Seats fit like a glove. Road holding, transmission and motor are all incredible. Sound system, Blue Tooth phone connection and heating/ventilation are smooth and well done. Superb ergonomics and high quality materials.

Fits like a glove is the interior. All the features will take some time to learn, but well worth the wait.

Exterior/interior styling. Ride, steering, amazing dvd audio

The tech package, you could not ask for anything more.

SH-AWD and the cockpit of tech!

Navigation is absolutely top notch, audio system is unreal, car has already turned more than a few heads...great looking! Love the rear camera, and Acura reliability is a plus.

Paddle shifters and seamless shifting , bluetooth, iPod interface, keyless entry and the SH-AWD. Nice engine noise. Great sound system (much better than previous TLs) Nice supportive front seats.

Build quality and long list of standard equipment. Safety features. Quietness and sound system. Finally a comfortable driving position for my 6'3" frame! Engine smoothness and responsiveness. Ride smoothness. 

Heated seats, sound system, comfortable leather seats, USB connection, horse power, personal key setting

