Honda-reliable, comfy, easy to use fold-down seats, powered sliding doors, nice exterior look, feels solid.

Homelink, power sliding side doors, mp3 jack, plenty of power for getting on highways and pulling a full load.

Steering wheel controls for radio/cd player, 6 disc changer, in door sunshades, tri controls for heating/ac, electric driver seat and mirror defrost.

Backup camera is addicting, performance is very good when the VCM isn't engaged, seating arrangements are excellent although the steering needs another inch or two of telescoping for long leg people (I feel I have to reach when the seat is set correctly for my long legs). Nice exterior style/colors.

Versatile stereo/DVD system, reliable simple NAVI/Backup camera, strong A/C, comfortable seats, power doors, individual tire pressure status.

Love the Rear DVD and rear parking camera. Seats are extremely comfortable for those with a bad back. Love new blue color. (Tired of mocha)

Powers rear doors and liftgate, the fold flat 3rd row seats, the touch screen Nav beats my Toyota Nav in my Avalon hands down. The RES is great, my daughter and wife loved the wireless headphones on a recent trip. 8 passenger option is great while still providing Captains seats in 2nd row. 

Rear view back up camera/monitor, DVD player controls placed in the front of the vehicle, power doors, cargo space, and general comfort level and driving characteristics.

Very easy to drive and park and we are both "seniors" I am using the back up mirror a lot. Our 2006 did not have the auto tailgate and it makes it easy to put items in back of van. 

Handles 70 plus mph just fine (well built engine/transmission), firm road manners (handles like a much smaller car), great all-around visibility from the drivers seat, and lots of interior room. 

It's a Honda. You know it will last over 5 years and value will hold......unlike most American cars. Nav system is great and the roominess is really good. 

Power sliding doors and tailgate; back-up camera (didn't even know it had one until I went to pick up the car, but I love having it!).

Exterior style, seating arrangements, space, color, rear fold down, middle removable, reliability, stature, overall performance.

Bluetooth handsfree linkage to cellphone, auto on headlights, foglights, power rear tailgate.

DVD player in dash - AWESOME feature. My last one I added an aftermarket DVD player that worked well, but the factory one is so much better! The leather is so soft. Rear cam is great. Sun shades are handy. Love that the rear windows roll down. All in all fun to drive!

Automatic back lift, iPOD connection and high MPG on highway!

His and hers control over the AC.

Rear entertainment system, ride, space and fuel economy.

A few of my favorite features are the soft leather seats, the wireless headsets for the kids and the split third row that you can fold down flat. I also like that the front console can flip down to provide easy access to the backseat. The storage, cargo and optional 8th passenger seating is great!

Variable Cylinder Management, A/V inputs and 110V power supply, fold- down rear seating, solid steering with reasonable road feedback, best-in-class suspension and drive-train.

Navigation System, RES, Auto side doors and tailgate. 

too disappointed to pick any

I love the automatic trizone climate control... also like the built in sunscreens on the sliding door for our baby.

Front loading DVD, remote control for DVD, automatic liftgate open/close, adjustable armrests.



The seats are extremely comfortable, both front and rear. Plenty of storage space especially with the fold down rear seats. We also love the fact that the windows on the sliding doors open and close. Plenty of power on the engine and it really does drive like a car.

We love the power doors and lift gate, the back-up camera, and the fold-in-the- floor rear seats. 

Nav with Voice activation and Backup Camera, DVD with 2 wireless headphones, 6 CD changer, 3 zone climate control, moonroof, etc.

Backup camera in mirror, power liftgate, good hiway mileage.

In-floor storage. VCM. Power Tail gate. Rear-view camera and mirror display. 1st row center fold-away tray. 2nd row middle seat. 

Backup camera, power doors, safety features, three zone climate control.

Auto doors and tailgate, seating options, plenty of storage compartments. Smooth ride.

VCM is invisible in operation and significantly boosts mileage. Interior storage and cabin organization are superb. The best cruise control system I've ever used. The digital media input jack is simple and welcome.

Lots of room.



Good ride, roomy interior and resale value. Spare tire stored inside the car. A solid, good looking vehicle.

6 CD Disc Changer, rear power windows, power sliding doors are very quiet, temperature and zone control, 2nd row jump seat or tray, extra floor storage

Power doors and tailgate. Sunroof (my first) Backup camera The fun one can have with VCM - trying to keep the ECO light on Power seat Spacious interior Stylish exterior Heated seats 

Easy handling, very roomy, comfortable.

It drives like a car. No sway, and a good feel for the road.

Power doors/tailgate. Hands free link. backup camera

- Backup Camera - MP3 Compatible 6 CD Changer - Power liftgate - Lots of Space - 8th Seat - Sliding 2nd Row Seat

VCM, headlight illumination, power doors, heated seats great warmth (some others barely noticeable), seat comfort, visibility, versatility, everything works so far without exception.

Sound system/navigation/DVD player; cylinder deactivation system; storage space -- EVERYTHING!

Power hatch, power passenger seat, MP3 input, backup camera. New VCM (3-4-6) is smoother.

Folding and movable seating, shift on the dash, tray in front middle, lots of storage, non-stationary middle seating, lots of leg room - all seats, nice lighting, good looks

Automatic doors, park assist, entertainment package, cavernous cargo space.

Zone climate control, rear entertainment system, overall design.

Power doors, rear-view camera, room, drive.

Folding 3rd row seats, removable 2nd row, Rear Entertainment system, XM radio, comfortable seats, roomy interior build quality, ride & handling, sliding power doors, power rear hatch, interior quality, exterior styling, numerous safety features. Honda reputation for quality.

My kids like the DVD player but the sound is muffled out of the speakers. Honda replaced the rear speakers but the new ones worked only a couple of days. Kids are starting to complain to the point we don't even use it anymore. A lot of wasted money on that option.

6 disk changer/power sliding doors and lift gate/rear view camera in rearview mirror/leather seats/controls for heat and air for all three rows on the front console/push button on remote to open all windows and moonroof to let out heat before entering.

Rear view camera, power lift gate, telescoping steering wheel

The seats are very comfortable and it's amazing how three boys can remain quiet in a car with the DVD player on!

Smooth ride and safety.

Easy to drive. Roomy, GPS is great once you figure it out. Comfortable and drive 1,200 miles non stop at times. Everything works as advertised.

powerful and smooth v6, solid feeling materials, not a Toyota Sienna!



Exterior appearance. cosmetics.

I thought that I would have no problems but I have had to have it in for service many times. So I guess that I have no favorite features

