Interior design. Acceleration and handling. 20 inch wheels look great. The blind spot warning system has surprised me with how well it functions. It lets you know when a vehicle is in your blind spot. A nice safety feature during highway driving.

Technology package, bluetooth, navigation, ipod capability and the incredible blind spot warning system.

Xenons, AWD, Bluetooth, leather, acceleration

Smart Key, Dockable DVD Gameboy system (SMART!), Good bluetooth system, Seats very comfortable, drives like an oversize RX-8!

Keyless Entry/start, Xenon headlights

Movable Second Row seats, heated front seats, 50/50 third row. Bose sound system, moon roof.. List just goes on!

Feel/handling amazing; dual dim/color dash lights; keyless entry is the bomb; lots of space in the back for cargo; smooth shifting; great ext paint job (red); Its really a surprise, it's a GREAT vehicle. 

Bluetooth connectivity, Sliding/Reclining 2nd row, Lots of Cupholders, Excellent seats, Quietness, Storage Space, Sport feel

Interior finish, bluetooth, Bose, Sirius. Great looking profile of exterior. Blind spot detectors

drives like a car, lots of room, split 50/50 seats in rear

Looks, ride comfort, not too expensive options (backup camera, remote start, Bose Audio, etc.), fun to drive, large 3rd row seat. 

Internal comfort, quality, and sportiness that is similar to Audi, Acura, Buick, and Volvo, but at a much cheaper price.

Sporty drive - in a class by itself here; not bone-jarring, but no cushy luxo-cruiser. The seats are great and the interior lighting is a nice touch. Fit & finish is very good. Best value in the class.

SAFETY, BUILD AND RIDE QUALITY, STYLE, PERFORMANCE, FUEL ECONOMY FOR ITS SIZE, COMFORT, BLUETOOTH, VALUE.

Navigation system, Back-up camera, Advanced keyless entry, Bose Sound (awesome!), Power Liftgate, Bluetooth, Blindspot Monitor, Dual Temp controls for driver/passenger, Leather seats, Integrated garage door opener, AND we had Remote start added, and it's awesome!!! Love, Love, LOVE my Zoom Zoom! :)

Xenon Headlights, Blind Spot monitoring, large wheels, cargo space, quiet interior, great feel for the road. Have driven in 30+ mph crosswind and is very stable, even around semi-trucks. Punch it and it goes. Great transmission and shift-points.

bluetooth everything, blind-spot side mirrors, rain-sensing wipers, power- lift rear hatch, lots and lots of room, no better styling in its class.

Handling and maneuverability. Bluetooth operation. High visibility (both by driver and being seen by other cars). Seats and dashboard. Heated mirrors to clear fog and ice. Automatic climate control. Storage room behind 3rd row. Cruise/Radio controls on steering wheel. Orange instrumentation, for now

Hands-down the easiest bluetooth paring I have ever dealt with. The cruise control was so easy to adjust that I was able to cruise most of the way up and down I-75 on Memorial Day weekend with the cruise on.

blind spot monitor system

Bluetooth, Removable DVD/nitendo system, Smart key, blind spot monitoring system

Overall build quality and design. BOSE centerpoint system. Nice leather quality. Drives like a big sedan.

Blind Spot Monitoring, Backup Camera, Auto lights and wipers, bluetooth

DVD, NAV, Bose, GT package is a must, Blind spot monitoring and the list goes on.

Bluetooth, Bose stereo, feature that pre-sets stations as you're just passing through a town. Smooth ride and silky steering. Seat more comfortable than my living room. So much space can fit my 6'5" boys in the back and my shorter girls in the way- back with room to spare.

Bose audio is great! huge interior space. modern piano black touch. averaging 19 MPG on the first tank.

Enormous cargo space with the 3rd row down, ride height (perfect for getting the baby in/out of the vehicle), sliding second row and reclinable seat backs (excellent for infant and toddler car seats) and smart key.

Dual temperature controls, peppy engine and smooth transmission, great exterior styling, steering wheel controls for radio and cruise control.

navigation, bluetooth

The nav system is truly a wonder! Almost too much to learn so we are taking it one step at a time.The "blind spot" detection system fantastic.

Driving position, most controls.

All the technology: Bluetooth, integrated garage opener, satellite radio, navigation, back up camera, blind spot sensor. And the exterior design is just beautiful. The 0% financing plus 500 cash-back and 1000 loyalty bonus went a long way to make this an easy decision.

Six speed transmission is silky smooth. Cornering and handling is unexpectedly responsive for a larger crossover

Outstanding Blue Tooth, build quality, seating comfort, back up camera, Zoom Zoom performance all the way. 

The nav/Bose is a must have. the sound system is awesome. 20" factory wheels. integrated bluetooth.

Size (nice and big), styling, generous optional equipment, excellent stereo, beautiful rims, handling, bluetooth, rock solid feel, blind spot side view mirror system.

Overall looks and design

