

Seat comfort, mileage, switching to 3 cyl, room for storage, handles well on the road.

Storage space. Front seats.

You name it, it has it! My fav comment to anyone who asks about the "touring pkg". 

I do like the mpg feature on the odometer, the rear A/C outlets are a nice feature also.

Very smooth driving with good visibility over the hood. Enjoy the hands-free bluetooth feature -- the clarity on phone calls is superb. Also enjoy the dual front zone climate control. Love the dash-mounted shifter which frees up storage room between the front seats.

3rd row seat has a lots of room. Rearview camera and the ability to pull our 20 foot boat without a problem. By the way that gas mileage is still 17mpg.

The ride quality, rear camera, Rear Entertainment System, steering response, climatic control and the Eco Drive feature, where the Pilot can run on a lower number of cylinders when all 6 are not required. The enhanced frame containing lot more steel to improve safety.

Heated seats, rear view camera, 3 zones AC and everything else.

Love the XM radio and sound system. Interior space with the rear seats folded down is great. Love the dual zone climate controls in the front and the separate climate control for the rear passengers.

The backup camera. Great 3rd row seating (I could fit my 6ft. tall cousin in there with no problem at all.) The dimming rear view mirror.

Storage, Storage, Storage. 2nd and 3rd row seats are much more comfortable and spacious even with child carseats. I found the radio controls much easier to reach being petite woman. The ability to set the driver and passenger temps individually a plus. Love rear hatch window. 

Love the space in the interior especially the 3rd row; plus you can fit two full car seats in the middle row plus an adult. Latch hookups across the center row and one in the 3rd row (which I love). Very roomy and comfortable. Smooth and quiet as well.

Cubby-holes and storage areas. Plenty of powerports for MP3 and XM radio. Doors open wide, engine is powerful. Pick-up when merging on freeway is excellent! Plenty of power on hills. Compared to my former V8, this vehicle has some serious power, with better gas mileage. ECO mode is great!

AWD makes this thing a tank in the snow. 

Backup camera, DVD system, dual zone climate, auto headlights that adjust from daytime running lights to regular night time headlights. Fog lights make a huge difference! Seating/cargo flexibility. Separately opening glass hatch.

Ability to haul 8 people once a year when family visits 

Separate heat/cooling for driver, passenger, back area heated seats driver fit (seat, steering wheel). XM radio 3rd seat (splits). Safety features 

Power and handling very good for such a large vehicle. Very big and usable interior. Quiet, except when 512 watt stereo being exercised. Good looking exterior. I dare you to find a similar vehicle with more bang for the buck. Rock solid vehicle. 



The button in the front of the vehicle, on the back door, and on keychain to open the truck great for shopping and or loading/ unloading when hands are full, hands free & steering wheel controls for phone radio, etc, nav system, rear camera, ability to plug in iPod, video games, rear ent, driver 1/2 memory.

Navi, backup camera, turning radius, Bluetooth for cell phone, quality of the Pilot itself.



Navi & RES, back-up camera and sensors

Bluetooth, memory seats, navigation system, storage areas. Wife would yell "heated seats", smooth ride!

Lots of space for storage, rearview camera, solid ride

Comfortable. Drives smoothly. Great visibility.

Best off-road capabilities of any CUV (true medium duty); nice ride and good handling on road; cylinder management for fuel conservation; all the tech goodies that came in my Touring trim; great looking interior (mine is black leather int./black exterior) and comfortable front seats; storage/cargo

I love the vtm-4 lock for the all wheel drive. Nice stereo, and high tech, yet user friendly dash design. Cavernous space with seats folded flat for all my outdoor gear. Friend's love second row seating space and comfort. Three zone climate control works well. 

The leg room on the front and the height. 

The Dark Cherry color with beige leather is a gorgeous combination. XM radio, sunroof, large storage well in back. The soft blue light that shines on the center console at night.Very comfortable seats. Plenty of storage and ample leg room. The rear glass door that opens.Daytime running lamps.

Third row seats, Nav, Bluetooth, Stereo, I guess just about everything.

Smooth ride, tight turning radius, easy reconfiguration of middle and rear seats, lots of space for snow skis, beach chairs, and other toys for vacations, and XM radio turned out to be better than I thought. Great on long trips. Steering wheel control of stereo is great for keeping eyes on the road.

Favorite features are seat/mirror controls for 2 drivers, hands free link, phone book, recessed Nav/backup camera screen that eliminates glare, 3 zone climate controls, flat folding seats, hidden floor storage, screens on the back windows, customizable functions, power tailgate...basically everything.

Suggested Improvements



Dual and rear climate controls (was extra on Highlander); XM radio included; Versatile and easy to change seating / cargo configuration;

Overall design and ride quality. 

Room, ride, backup camera. 

Nav, DVD and bluetooth

Size, bluetooth compatibility, cargo area size, comfort, reliability, iPod compatibility, cup holders, and storage.

All items! The quality is there and a lot of reviewers agree. The Pilot will last for years to come. All controls are easy and accessible. The DVD player is so cool! I just love this truck!

Rear back up camera in mirror, XM Radio, separate flip-up glass/tailgate, standard trailer hitch, dual exhaust, small interior light that lights up console,ample storage, display screen for radio/climate control/clock, bright gauges, color (dark cherry), shifter placement, hidden trunk.

Tailgate window that opens, passenger side ventilation controls and functional display of radio and A/C Heating info.

Navi system, USB port for my Ipod love the on screen display on the dashboard, XM Radio, powered tailgate, Second row sun shades, tire pressure monitor, heated mirrors, rear view camera, glass hatch, adequate sound system

Heated Seats, Backup Camera!

IPOD interface, Bluetooth, Nav system is advanced and easy to learn. Very comfortable ride. Plenty of space to spread out without taking up two spaces at the mall. Steering wheel controls for everything tech. A great package at a reasonable price. Build quality is solid.

Navigation, Blue-Tooth, leather, Hands Free, Camera and everything else.

Great audio/video, including MP3 connectivity, satellite radio, and DVD. Rear camera is wonderful for keeping an eye on our dog as we back up. Smooth drive train, except as noted below. Generous interior cargo/passenger/nook space. Shades on back door windows are handy on north- south trips.

Premium sound system, ride quality

Navigation, many variations to fold seats, rear door opener, rear camera, Hands free link - no more onstar costs. Road handling. remote in key. Screens for back windows. Extra storage under back area.

Rear view camera on the mirror keeps your eyes where they belong. Hidden storage in the back. Ipod is kept out of sight. Two position tail gate.

All the compartments for storage. Actual mpg indicator. Comfort. Luxurious feel. Got $2300 off through Costco buying process

Second row space is great. Good choice if you don't want to banish people to the third row. Enough space behind the third row for baby equipment. Compliant drive. easy to drive on crowded Chicago streets. Loaded with features. Love the DVD player !

Interior styling, stereo system, lots of room, bluetooth, really fun to drive.

Exterior and interior appearance and layout. Interior is very roomy. Homelink works great. Great sound system with XM Radio. Smooth quite ride. Almost seems luxurious at times. 

wireless headphones for backseat. Comfortable seating for 8. Easy to drive, driver seat adjusts for any size person.

Navigation with rearer view camera, DVD, roomier interior, seat warmer, and keyless memory seat adjuster. Lots of bells and whistles for the money.

Exterior: design. Interior: New location for gear shift, covered console storage drop area, quiet smooth ride...

Sound system, fuel mileage (actual 16 in town as advertised), comfort, storage, MP3 input, body style changes. We were rear ended 2 days after we purchased and the rear impact bumper works extremely well. Only minor scratches in the paint and plastic. The other car was a mess. 

ALL the gadgets comes with it, usb option is very cool to blast the music and kids have their dvd to watch movies and play games etc.

Interior space, back up camera, sound its great, better than my surround sound at home, 3rd row, trunk space, heated seats and mirrors, quiet (can't even tell if the engine is running) VCM...

The leather seats, the dvd system, and the exterior color.

Fun to drive.

I-pod link, Nav, bluetooth wireless

Instrument layout, knobs and buttons are easy to use, the back up camera is a nice added extra,daytime running lights for safety, pockets in doors,the drop down cylinder for added gas mileage, and finally the ride.

Power liftgate, Hatch feature in liftgate, 5.1 sound is amazing, NAV system, 3 zone automatic HVAC, 110 Plug, center console is HUGE

interior ergonomics

Looks, VERY comfortable, love the sound system, Navi and bluetooth capability! Loads of room!

This vehicle is fun to drive. For its size, it gets respectable gas mileage and the amenities are very cleaver.

Space!! 40/60 split on both 2nd and 3rd row The engine that works with 3, 4 or 6 (it really saves me gas!) "Hidden" space on the trunk (or under it to be specific), it is so convenient! Screens on 2nd row, perfect for my daughter.

iPod,Bluetooth,wireless headsets for kids. Seats (comfy!), great visibility. Drivability.

Plenty of cup holders, bins and trays.

Automatic Tailgate. . . Stereo System. . . . Driving. . . Comfort. . H

The backup camera and proximity sensors make parking much easier (which is good, because visibility otherwise wouldn't be too good). The side shades in the 2nd row are a nice touch. The power lift gate works very well. Legroom is very good in passenger areas.

VCM V6, build quality, quietness, power, fuel economy and everything else!

Automatic 4WD, smooth tranny, powerful V6, built-in XM, quiet ride.

The best thing about this car is that you can put child car seats in all three seats in the middle row, AND also one in back. Great for kids. Also love that you can fit 8 people. It's nice that it has 4 wheel drive. It's basically as handy as a minivan but the 4 wheel drive puts it over the top.

Rearview back-up mirror.

Leather is the only way to go. Driver and passenger seats have electric adjustment which is great. Sits high which is an advantage for vision. So far no issues with it.

Nav, Bluetooth, Power Lift gate, XM kicking radio.

Average MPG & ECON indicators (It's like playing a video game to get good MPG while driving). Seats and lot of space. Clear Gauges.

Third row seating, spacious interior, robust exterior design. Rear camera while backing up is very useful. 

Interior space. Rear Entertainment System.

Everything imaginable option included as standard item on the inside. Must I list them all? You think it and it has it!

Back up camera, auto car cool-off on key fob dropping all the windows. 4-wheel drive automatically kicking in.



I do like the design, both inside and out. Looks rugged. Gets a great roomy feeling in all three rows. Nice seats. Good visibility.

Sound System, Power outlet, Seats, Space Management, Handling.

Ipod connectivity, bluetooth, power liftgate (who knew), auto A/C - perfect control over fan speed.



Everything! Power Moon Roof, Leather seats, DVD, Nav, seating for 8, Bluetooth phone link, homelink, voice command, design, power rear hatch, and on...and Honda reliability.

The back up camera is crystal clear. The stereo is amazing!!!! The gauges are cool looking I guess you either love'em or hate'em. Third seat has much better leg room than competition. Very comfortable ride. Smooth as silk V6.

Comfortable ride.

Leather seats, interior room, rear heating and AC vents for my dog.

Nav. System, Looks, Large Mirrors with blinkers, XM Radio, Memory Seats, 3rd row seat, Reclining 2 row seat, storage compartment in the trunk area, and on and on...

Third-row seat is awesome for grandkids...sound system is top- notch...interior storage is amazing...smooth ride and quietness rivals our old Buick Ranier.

Sound system and third row seat.

Sound system, third row seats.

Love the navigation system which we didn't think we'd use. Also have enjoyed the comfort of the leather seats, hands free link, dual driver seat position recall and XM radio. We purchase new vehicles every 13-14 years and this is the first that has had all the bells and whistles so it's been fun.

Roomy. Interior quality.

Comfort, Acceleration, Radio/CD/Satellite Radio, Back up camera, Reliability

None so far.

Full time 4WD. Great in the snow. The ride is comfortable, I-Pod connection, the brakes work great, very safe feel, roomy third row, ease of putting the second/third row seats up/down,rear window entrance to the storage area, no need to always lift the tailgate, the unlock button lowers the window.

Great interior. Love all the storage compartments. The driving comfort is very nice. Easy to read controls. 

Solid-smooth- beautiful--a pleasure to drive-more than adequate horsepower- nice motor

I have no favorite features on this vehicle. Just realize I could have gotten more for my money if I had stuck with American made vehicle.

I actually enjoy the stereo system with its display. It is not that difficult to master the audio controls.

Plush interior, great looking exterior, back-up camera is great. Love all the cup holders and generous storage space.

Love the "tech" features. Nav/memory seats/sound system/dvd surround. The integrated Ipod is a nice feature. You can control your Ipod via the nav screen. The only downside is, if you have a lot of music, it takes a LONG time to navigate thru the list. 

1. Ultra quiet ride - you can clearly hear two people in the third row having a conversation while doing 85 on the freeway. 2. USB port for audio ROCKS!! I have a 120GB SSD with ~800 CD's plugged into it. 3. A/C can cool a small house, and quickly at that. Good to have here in SoCal.

Bluetooth handsfree while driving, automatice seat adjustment, rear-view camera, remote start

Navigation system, bluetooth system, automatic back hatch, Ipod and backup sensors.

Rear view camera, XM Radio, Opening rear hatch glass, Detachable rear remote, and auto up/down front windows. 

Great looking instrumentation cluster, Storage throughout the vehicle, Integrated IPOD connectivity, heated seats, NAV, bluetooth, hands free link, voice commands, great controls on the steering wheel. Smooth ride. A breeze to flip down 2nd and 3rd row seats. Auto angle down mirrors on reverse.

Comfort, safety, the XM. I also really like having the gearshift on the dashboard - it opens up the center console nicely! 

Radio & Nav very easy to use. Second & 3rd row seats fold very easily. On long trips, driver's seat is very comfortable. Normally with a sun roof I don't get enough headroom, but on the Pilot I do



Additional hands-free dashboard information, smoother ride, quieter cabin.

Eight comfortable to sit in and easy to get in seats. Although its large on the inside, it heats up quickly (I haven't had it long enough to know how quickly it cools down). Love the plentiful cup holders. You mash a button, and the tailgate opens - alternatively, you can also pop the rear glass.

Backup camera, real plug, iPod adapter and just the way it drives.

Rear camera, free hand link, sensors, space, open the back door with the key.

This vehicle feels like you are actually sitting in something that has some substance to it as opposed to car like feel of the bulk of the GMC/Ford Xovers.

Up/down windows, rear window hatch and huge storage area between the front seats.

Navi, Audio system, room, hauling capacity, MDS

mpg is very good, I like the looks of it too.

The radio, heated seats, rear entertainment, and the middle storage compartment.



Heated seats Great radio

Backup cam, bumper sensors, sound system, auto rear door, front grille (everyone gets out of the way).

Seating is comfortable. Has a lot of storage space. Like the controls on the steering wheel. The ride is smooth with little road noise. Like the shifter on the inst. panel. Allows more room between the seats for storage

Radio displays, you always know what song and who's singing. XM radio, MP3 outlet. Space and lots of it. Comfortable seats. Ease of lowering the third row, no more headrests to take off and on and handles are lower and easier to use. Dual climate. Drives great, handles well, we love this SUV.

I like the way the Pilot looks and how it drives. I love the stereo, XM radio and DVD player. It's a really cool vehicle to own and drive.

MP3 integration, AWD, XM/Sirius satellite, good handling.

I am shocked at how impressive this truck is.

Interior width of Pilot is slightly more than Arcadia/Outlook/Englave but slightly shorter bed- tradeoff. Really impressed with the interior on the base model. City highway MPG combined is about 19/20 is very good for the size of the vehicle. 

The legroom in the second row is exceptional! The front seats are very supportive and offer a great view of the road. The paint job is beautiful. It's solidly built.

heated seats, backup camera, comfort & ride, lots of storage.

The rear hidden cargo space, roomy third seat and the ease of accessing the third seat, XM radio, comfortable seats for both passenger and driver, 

Quiet ride, navi system, and all the electronics. Seats are very comfortable. Love the Michelin tires on the Touring model.

Ride comfort, interior design and exterior rugged looks. 

Basic stereo has nice sound, steering wheel audio & XM. Homelink. Maintenance indicator. Flip glass in rear. LOTS of cargo space & flexibility. Smooth ride. Hopefully will have Honda reliability. This car is very roomy inside.

Quiet ride, rear entertainment DVD player, GPS, USB, automatic gate, roomy third row seat, ample storage, Bluetooth, steering wheel controls, voice activated controls - you can operate the vehicle without practically taking your hands off the wheel, other than shifting gears.

Space, technology, comfort, safety.

Navigation, USB port for iPod playback thru the vehicle?s speakers; back up camera; hands free link (I can accept phone calls and make calls without ever taking my hands off the wheel or eyes off the road) satellite radio; heated back rest and seat

Bluetooth, USB jack, 120V jack, large displays, integrate sunscreens, lifting tailgate window.

Exterior and interior styling, price, quality, tri-zone auto a/c, backup camera, interior lighting, cargo and seating space, ease of purchase (not having to pick and choose options---everything standard)

Technology. Awesome navigation with easy to use interface. Touring comes std with bluetooth hands free. Caller id is displayed on the information panel. Plug in your iPod or iPhone and your playlists display on the navi / info screen. Voice controls for all key features is easy. 

Comfortable seats, dvd system, stereo sound, xm radio, sunroof. Both of my boys (ages 6 & 8) really love this car!!

Voice recognition, tech galore, fold flat second & third row seats (you don't need to take it out to carry large stuff). Cockpit is luxurious at Honda price. Comfortable seating for 8. Power tailgate.

Cool interior and exterior design. More rugged SUV look. Rear backup camera.

AWD, sliding rear seats to access the 3rd row, abundant storage. "Eco" mode that shuts down cylinders when cruising.

Comfortable seats, seat heaters work well, styling, cargo capacity, nice third row seat, ride is pretty good, multiple power outlets including a 115V standard plug, MP3 player input, lots of storage and cup holders, cool blue LED ambient lighting, good head/fog lights, DRLs

Drive, space, console, dash.

The storage is great. The trunk has a "secret" lift up storage space, the center holds a lot of stuff. Very roomy. All rows are comfortable. Great family car!

4WD, quiet engine and quiet ride quality

