Not much maintenance. It only requires an oil change every 10,000 miles or every 12 month. 0-40 on electric motor.

Large wide center console for both our elbows. Smoothness of ride and a very solid car, inside and out. Like sitting high. Great radio/CD sound and dash layout. Michelin Latitude Tour tires are specially made for hybrid, giving 1 more mpg.

Mileage. Overall package is nice. Styling, color, seating, all are good. Sync radio and satellite radio are fine. It's the nav that stinks.

Love the sync system and drivers cockpit layout (wish the seat had a lumbar support). Living in Illinois I love the integrated speaker phone, so that I don't have to be one of those people wearing the stupid BT earpiece.

The Nav screen and its features. The ability to use electric drive all the way up to 40mph. The adjustable driver's seat. The night lighting. The exterior design (much more muscular/beefier than the earlier FEH model years).

Excellent mileage. Interior comfort. Lots of gadgets. All-wheel drive. 

Mileage, Sync & navigation system, Sirius radio, 120 volt electrical outlet, heated leather seats, moon roof, ambient lighting in 7 different colors, handling, back-up sensors, 4 wheel drive

Microsoft SYNC with voice commands, DVD player and music integration. Fuel economy On the road quietness

1)MPG and the ecogauge 2)Sync 3)Handling 4) more room and space 5) huge center console 6) Lighting 

drive smooth, mileage, solid feel

Sync, heated leather seats, moonroof, ambient floor lighting (in 7 different colors - it's just fun), handling, back-up sensors - love it all!

Engine accessibility, I changed the oil today and it was super easy. Oil filter is a permanent canister so you only change the filter media. A great plus is that when you unscrew the canister it is upside down and holds all the oil. Most cars dump oil everywhere when you unscrew the filter

Sync, nterior & exterior styling, safety features, AWD- (I couldnt slide in this thing if I tried (and I did try!))

Mileage, SYNC, Sirius, tax credit!

The blue hue on the speedometer, gas gauge ect. The center console with the radio and heater is sleek! The info window that shows the outside temp, heat temperature and time is nice. The body...very sexy 

Mileage, SYNC, 5 star safety rating, 120 volt electrical outlet in the car.

Sync. Audio system sounds very good, too. Mood lighting kind of cool.

I love the Sync, 4 wheel drive. Best navigation system. Sirius radio is a must. 

Sirius radio is the best. Sync is easy. Hooked up my Blackberry for hands free talking

SYNC, integrated navigation, Sirius Travelink and hybrid drive information display is a gadget lovers dream!

Gas mileage, stereo, capless gas fill line, longer routine maintenance intervals. 

Engine, suspension, all of it. And the cost - when I sat down and figured out all the costs involved with owning and driving this vehicle it is actually cheaper than my last Grand Am GT. Buy a car and pay less than before? Go look at the price of gas.

The door mounted key pad, the navigation (NAV 2) system, the cell phone interface, the hybrid system display, the SYNC system is a joy, the moonroof, the ride, the interior lighting, the leather seats, the ground clearance, the view, the security features (computer chip key), the backup sensors

Exterior body styling, consistent MPG, moonroof, navigation, satellite radio and travel link, stereo system, very smooth ride, steering wheel audio controls, SYNC is very useful! In dash power outlet and USB mp3 player hookup

The ride, also the gas I save. I love riding by the gas stations and not stopping. If you seem to get a steady pace going on the road even at 60 kms the engine shuts off and lets you cruise on electric.

