The power and pickup is great and the braking in excellent. The back up camera is excellent on the large GPS screen.

Sound system is a plus. Leather dash is very pleasant to live in while driving. the back seats are extremely roomy for the kids. The kids are now spoiled and act like business clients. Really, really safe. 8 airbags and that 5 star safety rating.

Looks.

Power, speed, handling.Exterior styling

Lexicon 7.1 DVD sound system. HD/XM radio. Incredible night vision with adaptive headlights. Interior design remains impressive. The interface has been outstanding (bluetooth, voice command etc.) Cooled front driver seat and the A/C is impressive (live in S. Florida). Still quiet, quiet, quiet!!!!

Engine displacement and handling. I feel very confident on the road. Highway driving is really fun actually with this car

Tech Pkg.,XM, seats, style.

Power, luxury, audio/nav system, styling. The ride is excellent, handles extreme;y well in tight spots.

push button starter.smooth flow of power. rear sun shade. nav system. good gas mileage.sound system.

Steering wheel has a nice soft touch. The stereo controls are a simple and intuitive. The amenities galore, wow. 

Attractive inside and out; good fit and finish; good smell; nice instrument panel; big trunk; smooth transmission; quiet; good safety features (not too many cars have both head curtain AND airbag for the rear seats); spacious front and back seats; temperature control panel for rear passengers.

Reliability, Smooth and quiet drive that gives sense of true luxury.

Exterior design.

ALL...

The responsiveness of the V8, the expensive looking body style, the tech package, and the interior make this an enviable car.

Love the smooth acceleration, the sound system and heated/cooled seats.

engine is so quite and v-6 is powerful enough. nice interior & exterior design.

Just a Great car! Everything you would want in a large sport luxury car

Ride similar to my wife's old Lexus; sound sys. is better than any equivalent Toyota. I can definitely see choosing this car over say an Acura or lower end Lexus, but just don't see how they say it competes with the German luxury makes or top- end Lexus sedans.

Agree with all previous comments. As Hyundai builds the 2010 Genesis I am sure they will incorporate the features that most 2009 owners have strongly suggested. I am waiting for a direct call from either the Regional or National Hyundai Office to discuss the issues for improvements.

375 HP, huge trunk space. 

The styling, ride, acceleration, and interior size (the trunk is tremendous and the back seats are very comfortable)

Rolls Royce stereo (Lexicon) suede leather seats Nav, XM, backup camera, DVD player 

Remarkable acceleration, whisper quiet interior, decent balance between ride and handling; tech package is a must. Ipod integration is a huge plus.

Lexicon 17 Speaker System, Nav System, loads of room, high quality leather interior (even on the doors), heated and cooled seats, comfort amenities galore, ton's of room, - the boys from Detroit need to take note. Too many favorites to mention.

Memory seats, backup camera, front and rear sensors, 

Premium leather seats, acceleration, quietness of highway ride, huge trunk, technology package and of course, the Lexicon stereo. 

Design, features, ride. It is the perfect vehicle. I can't believe that it's a Hyundai. Hyundai has just put its name on the map. 

The interior lighting is fabulous! Its sooo soothing!!! The quietness on the freeway! The heated seats are awesome. The stereo is unbelievable! Given the car is basically my office the huge trunk is a major plus!

Ride quality, craftsmanship, ergonomics, handling. Plus the reverse snob factor - "my lowly Hyundai is far superior to your overpriced Bimmer."

Very comfortable seating and visibility. Backup camera, trunk room, "white" interior lights. Charcoal carpeting (NO STAINS!) with light tan interior. 5-star Crash rating

Keyless entry/start, quietness, interior space, awesome materials quality, USB drive, 18" wheels, Lexicon 14 speakers sound system, stability control - awesome on snow, 8 airbags, leather trimmed dash, runs on Regular fuel ! 

The total package is what makes the car so great, quality, features, and value. Solid with impressive styling I look forward to driving the Genesis every day. I really like the front grill and wide stance I feel the V8 is special, super smooth and quiet 

nice ride good cornering and good gas mileage. Large trunk and outstanding interior

Style. Performance. Attention to detail. Aggressive sales and customer service. warranty.

Killer price to value. The technology package is a must....really cool stuff. 

lexicin radio.

I love all of the features 

I love the radio/GPS controls and the auto wipers. The GPS is the best I've seen and easy to use.

The look of luxury, 18" alloy wheels, Mercedes like front end, keyless entry, rain sensing windshield wipers, 4.6 power with fuel economy, great braking power, a very quiet and comfortable interior, a powerful sound system, and many more to mention without a priority.

Way to many to list here, the quality of the car, the luxurious interior, the superb sound system, the power of the engine, and still economical and fun to drive...

The engine is too nice; Strong, quiet and responsive. The ride is smooth and stable with very little road noise. The safety features are too numerous to even list, but I can say you won't want for airbags. The car just feels "SOLID" and well built. You can't but a better car for the money...$36K

Looks, style, options, "Quiet"!!! it all there 

Interior, quite ride, power, transmission, electronics, braking, 18" wheels, sound system (copied 1,000 songs to a USB drive and leave it connected to the aux port), big trunk, and ac/heat system.

Lexicon sound system, excellent navigation, very roomy passenger area, large trunk, plenty of power coupled with reasonable gas mileage.

Actually too many great features with the tech package, but the voice commands to replace your hands is great. Also the quiet cabin is amazing - how did they do that? The interior is stunning and that came from MB owner! The suspension system with road sensing ability and stability control...wow!!

Performance of V6 and mileage.

Technology package, ride,handling, fit and finish, awesome engine performance

Value, comfort, ride, sound system, power, too much to list. 



For the first shot out- Hyundai got SO much right. I love the quiet ride at 90+mph (shhhh). Attention to serious features. The sound system- WOW! And I'm picky about sound in my car. 

the sound system is great, roomy trunk, interior well roomy, leather rap and black on black.

Power tilt & telescope steering wheel, 6-speed auto/manual shifter, rear window shade.

lexicon stereo system,navigation,

The whole package! Everything blends into one statement, "I can't decide what I like best" 

Awesome power - zoom zoom, no need beemer no more. solid brake, feel so safe. sound system, just heavenly, the best sound system period. So quiet inside...

Lexicon sound system, roomy interior, smooth ride

Love the size and ride of this car. I've owned plenty and this is excellent.

Interior design, dash and cabin lights, leather wrapped everything, sound system, handling, braking and overall style- did I mention sound system?? this baby rocks! Hyundai badge is fine with me, this car announces that they have upped the game.

techno package ,the paint job, and the quiet ride.

The stereo - beats the Bose in my wife's Murano hands down. Truly extraordinary.

Stereo! Stereo! and Stereo! The ride is out of the world, and the backlit dash at night is out of this world. The warranty is outstanding, and the other Luxury Sedans can't compete in features and amenities for the price. And it fits my 6'4" frame, something that lacks in the BMW and Mercedes.

Pro?s Love the seats with a bad back can still drive for hours. The backup camera and parking sensors I really as I have new garage doors.

nice interior.

Style exterior and interior performance and ride. 

Lexicon 17 speaker sound system Bluetooth that everyone who I call says sounds Great!!!!



The push button start, AC seats, GPS system, driver memory seats, the rain sensor wipers, 18" wheels, rear window sun screen, back up camera and the side mirrors turn down when backing up.

Blue Tooth, XM, Driver seat, smooth motor, decent gas mileage 17 town 27 highway, great back seat.

Navigation system and lexicon sound Great Seats, good start. 

stereo blutooth,nav, comfort.

Total lack of outside noise, solid feel, engine power, comfort, and just the right mix of luxury features.

Interior and blue tooth

Its a pleasure to drive.

Roominess, sound system, technical package features, quiet ride, trunk size, engine response, and handling for the average driver.

Lexicon audio, smooth quite ride, handling, amazing bargain, 

Hands free blue tooth system- sound is very clear as if you are talking to someone in your living room. Navigation system - better than any navigation system I have used. Sound system - outstanding- better than standard LS 460. I drive this more than my LS 460

to long to list, push button start, rear wheel drive, 6 speed, 8" nav, heated and cooled driver seat front and rear sensors and back up camera ( are you kidding) and the most incredible stereo I have ever heard. it does have some things that Hyundai needs to address. see below

The control knob is great for navigating the XM radio. A?C drivers seat really pumps the cold air although it should remain on at start up if it was on at shut down. 

The fact that Genesis has managed to pack in Bluetooth, an iPod connector, a 6 CD changer and a Nav system into the same vehicle which NO other auto maker seems to have figured out how to do yet. Either you get one or another but not all. In addition, Lexus Bluetooth is a known nightmare --

Nice roomy interior, large trunk. A sound system (Lexicon) that you blow you out of the car. A quiet, smooth ride. I have only put about 800 miles on it and I am averaging 24 mpg! I love the navigation system and being able to play MP3's using the USB connection.

Everything about the Technology Package, quiet ride, generous interior room front and back, exterior design, roomy trunk, and most of all - the remarkable value.



Ride quality.

Easy to drive, smooth, quiet and refined. Love the DIS, Lexicon audio & driver cooled seats.

Lexicon sound. 

Build quality, materials, noise level (none), ride (smooth), features (lots).

love the front gill not having the flying H. 

Looks, price, interior and seats. Leather covered dash

Interior is unreal. Sound system (Lexicon) great as well. Love the look and the illumination at night.

Quality, room, finish

Great exterior styling and luxurious interior with lots of room. 

Technology packages is really cool don't think the car would be quite as impressive without that. Love the USB port and Ipod connectivity in the center console. This car drives perfect in my eyes if you need more power I am sure the V8 will be plenty for most anyone as I am satisfied with the V6. 

Bluetooth, HID Adaptive headlights, heated and cooled seats, Navigation system, LED Taillights, Lexicon 17 spkr surround sound system, ride, quality, quietness, composure

Sound system

Good overall looks inside and out. Very comfy and roomy interior. Lexicon sound system. Good looking wheels for a Luxury sedan. Rear wheel drive. Value.

stunning European design 

Compact styling

Styling, Instrumentation, Sound System, Seating Comfort, Quiet Ride, Engine Performance / Power, Fuel Efficiency

Quality of materials, transmission, ride

XM, Size, speaker's, looks, Bluetooth

The design statement, interior feels great.

Navigation is a breeze to go through. the styling is classical but understated. The eight airbags and overall safety features is a + for the wife and kids.

steering feel is ver precise for a Hyundai. The sensitivity of the wheel column makes the driving experience much easier. The back lit nights during long trips make it look very chic.

The general clean and acceptable interface of the car design. The outside is bent on telling a person that, I am one serious driving machine. The inside is a place of nice diversion. Where I can listen quietly to high end classical music. 

The heated and cooled seats: rear window shades: cup holders for back seats: luxo-like ride, especially in the back: 293 BHP: 25 MPG in the highway

Bluetooth for multi-tasking and a very easy navigation system. The car is very comfortable. And, the back-seat drivers feel chauffeured to their way a destination. the interior size is truly a nice thing to appreciate Extremely safe car. 

AC seat, rear camera, Lexicon sound system is incredible, powerful engine,quick braking, telescoping headlamps.

Good interior appointments and bluetooth/Mp3 integration. The navigation system is a breeze to use. And the car is truly spacious. Good handling car with that independent five link suspension. The doors slam with a solid thud. As well the Car is very well built.

ext and int styling. nothing original, but it's just a good looking car. Also, the engine (v6) is powerful, quiet, and has surprisingly good fuel economy. Also, there's just nothing pretentious about driving a genesis, and i like that. 

Nav system is great and very very easy to learn. Headlights turn with me. Rear camera system. I have trouble backing up any other car without it. It is amazing how fast you get use to it. Interior colors get many compliments. (black and brown) Car price was great.

1. HID 2. The look (inside and outside) 3. Super Quiet, loved it so much (Hope no rattles in future) 4. Cheap Insurance (bcos it is hyundai I guess) 5. Good value with this kinda price.

EVERYTHING

Power and performance, quietness and refinement, fit and finish, Lexicon stereo, technology and navigation system, build quality, lots of luxury features (to many to name!)

Nav system ease of operation and ride comfort. Interior fit and finish. Cockpit control locations. Sound system second to none.

It is all in the ride and feel of the car when driving it. The power of the engine and the quiet ride make this car worth every nickel

Push button start, surround sound, voice activated controls, GPS with a yellow pages built into the system so that my car can find my a hotel, restaurant, anything and just take me there; interior, sun roof, auto rear shade, exterior - I LOVE this car!

The car's quietness, and the pep of the V8 engine are noteworthy.

What I like best: - Luxurious and roomy interior - The Lexicon sound system and the Tech package are absolutely awesome. - The price - Quiet ride - The Lexicon system (worth repeating- it's that good! 

Eerily quiet ride. I can hear a pin drop on the mat. The level of strength in the chassis makes it look like tank. But the surprising revelation is to realize the big Genesis is a hauler. And it can handle like smaller car. Something a bigger car should not be able to do.

GPS and sound system.

The push botton start,the soft leather seats,the interior design,the outside smooth lines design and so Much for the $$$$$$$

Everything! The way it looks, interior appointments, fit and finish, lots of features, lots of room and peppy performance with the refined V6 although it could have a more sensitive throttle. I love everything about this car, except having to drive it.

the Lexicon Audio is superb quality. The quietness of the interior makes this a true luxury marque. And of course the powerful engine makes it fun to drive

smooth flow of power push button starter rear window shade 

Lexicon + laminated front glass = audiophile's dream. Gauges and trim illumination at night feels like a spaceship cockpit. The V8 purrs...and screams - very smooth power curve. Camera and parking assist are VERY nice.

Quiet soft ride is most impressive. I also like the electronic push-button start system that makes it very difficult to lock your key in the car. Very important to forgetful people like me. 

Interior design, Engine, Lexicon System

290 BHP, Amenities like a beautiful interior, sound system, whisper quiet ride, handling prowess

Exterior styling, Power, V8 engine, Tech Package, Leather Seats, Brakes...GPS is very well laid out! Lexicon sound system...OMG, Bluetooth works GREAT!

You do get a lot of good features, but if you are like me, the rattles and squeaks diminish them.

I love the Push button start and entry system along with the front and rear park assist.

Tech package was the best of all the cars I looked at. Sound system is everything you need. Love having an IPOD integration that charges the IPOD as well. Cooled drivers seat is a must in the desert. Plenty of power to zip in and out of traffic.

Really hard to say but I guess comfort,style,and sound system is tops.

Nothing

1. Technology - bluetooth, navigation 2. Comfort feature - where when you turn the car off, seats move back and steering wheel moves us but then when you start it comes back to the last position 3. While reversing, the lines it shows which help you guide through the surrounding is simply great

excellent looks with spacious inside. good gas mileage.

The great sound system, rear window screen and backup camera. The seat cooling system has been pretty nice in hot weather!

Mysteriously elegant lines (what IS that car other drivers actually say), smooth performance, luxurious interior, spectacular Lexicon sound system; and the value-based pricing for it all!

V8 and tech package. The fit and finish is really top quality

Style - Amenities - The T4 package. Have them put the Genesis logo on the hood and trunk. The gas mileage jumps up by keeping it at 65. Really enjoy Air Conditioned driver's seat. The 17 speaker sound system is super. The people stopping you to comment on the looks of that car.

V8, ride quality, sound system.

Power, Quiet interior, Lots of room



The list is too long, but I like the response of the car, the brake, the interior and the ride is comfortable and quiet.

Interior room. Quite ride. USB and iPod/MP3 player interfaces.

looks mean with tinted windows, equipped like a Mercedes 500 or a Lexus 460 for $25,000 to $40,000 less. I paid $38,000 for a fully loaded V-6

Quiet, great stereo system, comfortable seats, huge trunk, reasonable fuel economy.

The comfort & ride, the power, the mileage on regular gas, and the luxury looks inside and out. The XM is wonderful. The trunk is huge and there's a little door from the trunk to the inside between the back seats for long items. The keyless access and ignition are nice features. The 18" wheels.

Tech package, looks, performance, the whole package.

smooth flow of power. push button starter. very good gas mileage. build quality.

The V8 is the best feature. Mustang GT power but I got 27mpg on my last big road trip (and I was doing 80mph most of the way). 2nd best feature is the styling which is on par with Mercedes and BMW.

The gas pedal response of the V6. The overall look and finish of the car.

Lexicon sound system, quiet ride, luxurious interior, confident handling

The sound system and push button start are my favorite features.

Stereo, backup cameras and parking sensors and most of all COMFORT.

Tech Package, the Nav System takes us to the front door of most places and the Lexicon stereo rocks...literally rocks the car when the woofer is cranked up!The most fav is all the folks looking at the car when I come out of the store and say...wow, what is this?! White satin paint is flawless!

The list is too long. But at the top of my list is the audio system,the easy access getting in and out of the car,and the Driver Information System Controller. It is so intuitive even I can work it. There are so many other favorite features. 

Tech Package period, keyless entry, voice command, Lexicon 17 speaker surround sound. Seats, Little things, the windshield washer, Backseat column a/c vents, ability to control heat in the back seat. turning radius tightest yet for a Hyundai. Quiet, Quiet Quiet!



I do not know where to start first.

USB port, handling, gas mileage, comfort, cooled drivers seat, Lexicon Premium System, HID Headlights



Stereo system

The plush interior, super quiet, lots of space, amazing back seats, amazing highway cruiser.

Everything.

Audio, GPS, back up camera and sensors. Quietness, responsiveness of the 6 cylinder. Overall luxurious look of the car. A pleasure to drive. Mine is Titanium Gray Metallic, with black interior.

interior and exterior look and features

Lexicon Stereo, acceleration, seat comfort, interior design. Heck everything!

Handling with predictable and responsive driving. Aluminum and leather interior (need more of this). IPOD, AUX, and USB Inputs.

Engine - so much power on tap. Suspension - never met a corner it didn't like. Stereo - best I have heard in any car. Friends with Infiniti and BMW comment on sound quality. Interior design - leather dash insert looks great.

Looks, acceleration, and price.

tech package, awesome audio system, great gas mileage for a 375HP V8,awesome engine and trans. fit and finish inside and out. Changed the emblems and wheel center caps to the wings, many people think that it's a baby Bentley.

Sound system.

monster engine, HD navigation, Lexicon sound system is unmatched.

Tech System Navigation is second to none, sound system and bluetooth handsfree system is far superior to Toyota and Benz. The car looks great from all angles and is very comfortable on long trips.

navigation and blue tooth phone technology, nice smooth ride, powerful V-8 option, leather seats, camera, design, 

Rides very well. Comfortable. Plenty of power in six cylinder. Nav/radio were perfect until they screwed it up and HYUNDAI did not return calls.

I love the front and rear park assist .

voice activation and Bluetooth connectivity.

The Lexicon stereo system melts the senses. The fuel economy for such a heavy, high-horsepower vehicle is absolutely amazing. The absence of noise of any kind is a true delight, and, the way this car 'feels' its way around the road is eerily similar to a Porsche I once owned. The 'gawk' factor!!!!

