The deep well behind the third seat is perfect for groceries so they can't roll all over. The sliding doors are a plus in a crowded parking lot when buckling the grandchildren. All the seats are so plush, and adults can sit comfortably in every seat with leg room to spare, even the third row seat.

Comfort and carrying room.

Smooth engine/trans. Very versatile/roomy. 

Multiple use navigation system, backup camera and automatic rear gate. Comfortable seats and great space.

Very roomy, great middle seat in second row if you have infant. The seat can be moved towards the front or back with ease. Great feature for family with infants and toddlers. 

Bluetooth connection, six CD changer, excellent looking instruments, lots of storage, very comfortable seats and ride, excellent build quality.



We love everything about this car. The DVD is a must for families.

Capacity, flexibility, visibility, mileage (it is after all a van), driving feel and seats that are world class for comfort. 

Excellent interior design and comfort Easy drive, seems like driving a car.

Driveability, parking ease, gas mileage and cargo capacity.

Power sliding doors and hatch, grocery hooks in the hatch, fold down rear seats, flip up middle row seats, awesome stereo (optional), DVD player (optional), leather upholstery, bluetooth, LOTS of storage and cup holders, access to the middle and rear seats, roll-down windows on the sliding doors

Acceleration at any speed.

Simple features are the key. Easy to use radio, cd, dvd, and a/c controls. Great rear a/c controls as well. Sliding doors are a life saver. Sound system. Roll down sliding door windows. Power rear window vents. Alloy wheels. Center console. Love the large amount of storage bins and rear cup holders.

Acceleration, Roomy, Comfortable

Quiet inside cabin, easy to see out of windows and the car doesn't seem too large even though it actually is a bigger car.

The six-disc CD changer on the standard radio was a surprise. I expected a single disc like the van I turned in. I can keep all of my CD?s in the radio and not have to flip any in or out. There is even an input for an MP3 player! The mid-seat captain chairs are very comfortable. 

Sonar parking assist, power rear hatch, auxiliary input for ipod, 3-zone A/C, all the storage cubbies! Shopping bag hooks in trunk, bluetooth, integrated sunshades for 2nd/3rd row, ability to store 3rd row without removing headrests.

The sound system and additional amenities. The driving feel. The cargo space.

AWD, DVD/nav., keyless sliding doors/trunk, AWD, run flat tires, appearance, turn radius, visibility, instrumentation, did I mention AWD? 

AWD, space.

It is difficult to pick out a favorite feature, when it is how this vehicle makes you feel by its very essence. That is it. My favorite feature is the essence of the mini-van. The total package is my favorite feature. 

AWD, instrumentation, power, visibility and appearance. 

Love the steering wheel controls and duel climate control controls. 

1) Dealer-installed DVD player/quiet ride. When the kids are watching a DVD using headphones, parents can actually talk. 2) Power doors/hatch. Crazy how lazy you get after getting used to it. 3) Storage areas, like the one in the door armrest.

bluetooth and back up camera!

Navi with rear camera, sensors and bluetooth phone, price, comfort for long trips, electric rear door etc

Availability of 8 passenger seating option.

266Hp 3.5L V6, gas mileage, features, price, Toyota build quality, and comfort.

Comfortable ride, build quality, 3.5L V6 power, gas mileage, and Toyota reliability.

