Tech package is definitely worth it. Backup camera, Nav, plays Mp3 cds, XM, power rear door, aux input, really nice speakers, reclining rear seats, memory seats, flip key, voice recognition, bluetooth, phonebook import.



Auto Trunk Closure, Drvr Settings, Handling, Power, Style, Comfort

NAV, Bluetooth, Driver's seat is very comfortable, legroom in second row, the SH-AWD makes for a very secure ride, 3rd row when I need it, tons of cargo space when I don't, easy to park in tight spaces. Getting 17mpg in city driving, 25-27mpg on the highway. Pretty good for 300 hp and AWD.

Gas mileage, comfort, looks, practical functionality, room, handling, my dealer, my sales guy, everything!!

Versatility, handling, and comfort. Hands down. Plus, 410-watt surround sound, plush leather in Sport package, NAV&BT, 300 hp, and XM radio.

Navigation, power, smooth handling, some nice accessories. manual/automatic transmission.

SH-AWD

Stereo, handling, comfort and power

Handling, quietness, technology, comfort, reliability and overall value. I think this is the best vehicle in its class, especially for the price. 

Reliability, interior design, look and feel.

interior, drive

City and Highway handling, HID headlights are great, the Navigation System concept, rear back-up camera concept, pleasant look of the interior and exterior. The electronic features are first rate, but tend to be quite complicated and I am very technically oriented.

Navigation system is simply the best, bar none. Handles like it's on rails. ELS/Panasonic sound system is possibly the best factory system around. 

Interior design, comfort.

Build quality. 

Comfortable cockpit, cool voice activation for the phone, exterior look, and most of all the way this vehicle hugs the road. 



The solid road presence..Makes you feel very safe. Love the Tech Package, Voice activated features, Bluetooth, Power Lift gate, smoothness, build quality, fit n finish... just about everything.

Honda tried to build a "luxury" brand -- they have failed miserably. Acuras are nothing but Hondas with the same poor dealership service but with higher maintenance cost!

SHAWD, blue tooth, aggressive stand... wireless DVD headsets

Sport package, wheels are gorgeous, tires, suspension as must, body width, tinted windows. I added roof rails, looks naked without, added front and rear skid plates (silver) added a lot to looks. Gas mileage, handling and RELIABILITY, warranty, windows open from key, engine power and sport shifting.

1. Comfort mode 2. Voice command 3. Bluetooth link

Roomy, good size inside. Like the exterior look.

Driving Position, Interior, Ride, Navigation.

I have other cars to drive.

SH-AWD BLUETOOTH in the base model. This should be a standard feature in cars.

The look of the car and the size is perfect, not too big, not too small!

Exterior and interior design, hands-free link-up, memory settings, handling on snow and ice, solid feel at high speeds and more.

Fuel economy great if you take it easy. Use the cruise control as much as you can. It helps with uncontrolled acceleration. Any stretch over 5 miles I use it. If you drive aggressive or impatient, you'll struggle to get 18 on the highway. I did when I experimented with it. 

- SH AWD - Plenty of space for our family of 4 - Superb material quality - Comfortable seats - Even my Base model has Bluetooth, moonroof, heated front seats, dual air, etc

The handling is better than expected. The interior is well designed and comfortable. Performance is better than expected but with a 300HP engine I should have anticipated it would have a better acceleration than some of the other SUVs I tested. The navigation system is one of the best and so is ELS

Handling

Styling, SH-AWD, seats, and technology.

Voice command nav and safety features, SH AWD

Looks, exterior and interior, and 3 area a/c, suspension control

At this point, none. 

Handling, ride, Handsfree link, navigation system, stereo system (nothing compares).

