Small steering wheel, sporty feel, good handling, no squeaks or rattles, quality of controls, knobs & stalks. Cruise control are nice on the steering wheel, but too dim. I also love AUX IN, but it's very difficult to reach w/ 1 hand.

Interior...exterior.

Split dash, excellent gas mileage and driving characteristics. It's fun to drive.

stylish look of both the exterior and interior, gas mileage

Handling is great and it's fun to drive.



K20Z3 engine, great gas mileage for a fun car, great seats, good stock sound system (I love the USB port!), looks sexy - esp. in black, handles like a gokart, price is in reason for us middle class folks who do not want to give away their first born or take out a house loan to finance.

Love the dashboard design. One of the main reasons why I bought this car. Quite comfortable as well. Very convenient steering wheel audio and cruise control buttons.

Speedometer, seat comfort, steering wheel adjustments.

Gas mileage is better than I expected. Have never had a fill-up less then 30, and have had as good as 38.5. I love the handling. Like the dashboard layout. 

Runs on natural gas.

IPOD jack, seats, wipers, yellow taillights (new for 2009) and improved front grill for 09 as well. Dash is open and welcoming. Odometer dimmer function.

2 tier dash, roomy, high-quality interior, alloy wheels, steering wheel mounted audio controls

Fit and finish and the design in and out makes this a near luxury small hybrid. Mileage is terrific and I only have 1400 miles so far. The USB adapter for the I touch is great and the hands free Blue tooth and voice command Nav system is easy to use. 

Engine,transmission,styling,interior,US B connectivity,standard fogs,economy,safety,Honda reliability and build quality,packaging efficiency, driving dynamics.

Exterior style. Interior comfort. Ergonomics. Handling. Stability control.

USB interface, heated leather seats, sliding arm rest and one big honkin' trunk for such a small car. 

Bluetooth, Ipod interface, nooks and crannies for my stuff.

Fast efficient 1.8 litre engine. Bucket racing like seats. Car exterior and interior looks sporty. Legendary resale value. Superior to mazda and toyota. Unbeatable road hugging handling on coupe only.

Two tiered dash, it took a while to get used to, exterior styling, quality leather, oil change reminder and service reminder, interior design and dash design, I feel like I'm sitting in an airplane cockpit.

Heated seats, Hybrid gauges and drivetrain. USB/iPod connector and steering wheel mounted radio controls. It gets the same level of interest and questions my MINI did at gas stations and drive thrus about how it is to drive and what kind of MPG's I get.

USB/Ipod Aux input is great..Great storage..Fit and Finish on the car is excellent..Nice rims..Outside temperature gauge..Moon roof

I waited for the '09s specifically for the USB interface.. and I'm glad I did. The stock radio sounds great for a car in this segment, the manual transmission is buttery smooth, and I love the styling, inside and out. Win. Oh, and 31 city MPG makes me happy.

Blue Leather interior. Turn signals on mirrors. Navi by far!!! Great system.

Speed, handling, (with summer tires and HFP 18 rims), value, sound, 33mpg city, if you don't get into it.

Looks good, smooth ride for a small car, great gas mileage, and hopefully helping the environment.

Auto climate control. XM radio. Bluetooth. Gorgeous white pearl with navy blue interior. Exterior and interior design.

The dash board, the big trunk.

UBS IPOD connection. Handling. Looks great. Sunroof. Color-crystal Pearl black really sparkles. Hopefully good gas mileage

Gauges and overall looks of the vehicle and the fuel economy

Smooth ride and great interior. Radio w/6 speakers and reads my iPod and displays titles and artist. You can control your music on the steering wheel. The dark blue leather seats. Very comfortable! The car's color, Magnetic Pearl.

- Sporty driving feel - logical controls - great visibility - great driver seat position - fantastic fuel economy (31 mpg city) - obvious attention to quality

Nice pickup in 2nd and 3rd gear, feels like you are going faster then you are! Stereo is nice also in the coupe model with 350 watts!

Leather seats, VSA, steering wheel controls on wheel, sunroof, remote trunk, USB, for ipod and the overall ride feels great! 

Vertical adjustment on the drivers seat. The IPOD aux adapter, the dash.

peppy ride, looks great

Style/design, new color selections, leather, NAV, bluetooth, gas mileage, quality, quietness, taut suspension.

Gas mileage, Style

Interior, exterior styling. Overall build quality. Solid handling. Very good mpg for a non-hybrid. Just plain fun to drive.

Stick shift, great looks inside and out, great performance for the money spent.

Power steering, remote control mirrors, ability to program the door lock/unlock features, big trunk, comfortable armrests, feels solid.

Decent mileage but not as promised.

Looks pretty on side and rear. 

I most like the heated seats and the USB port. The fuel economy is good.

Great gas mileage, split gauge, large trunk, reliably engineered. 

The looks of the car.The car feels tight and nimble on the road with very nice steering and handling.

Gas mileage, nifty dash layout, nimble chassis, the restyled front bumper for 09, comfortable seats, surprisingly adequate highway passing power.

Steering wheel. Looks nice outside.

Short throw stick and clutch takeup best under $50K, almost too many audio hookups, rear spoiler not visible in rear view mirror from my seating position, stable at speed, minimal wind buffeting with sunroof down, good seats and elbow pads, dark gray color (not silver) really works with wheels

Interior very nice handles well

Styling inside and out. Solid feel. Low price. Great gas mileage. Superb value. Excellent depreciation, holds value.

None in particular, we already own an 07 EX with nav.

Digital speedometer, gas mileage, handling, exterior styling. Fun to drive. Cruise control works great.

Display console is easy to read and you get use to its two layer design very easily. Gas mileage is great. Stylish exterior. Tight and very responsive steering. Very peppy for a hybrid. Easy to reach charger jacks. Road visibility forward and rear is very good. 

2.0 liter engine, 6-speed manual, alloy wheels, optional carbon fiber dash.

Leather wrapped steering wheel, black interior, speedometer gauge, deep center console, alloy wheels

The back end and the side view of the car.

Gas mileage, digital speedometer, flawless design in and out, handling and ride. 

The two tier dashboard. MPG.

Appearance, ride, handling. I was apprehensive about the split instrument panel at first, but have decided that I like it very much after all. Love the blue lighting. The futuristic exterior makes for a great looking vehicle. 

Handling, and comfort. Very quiet even with the cheap tires.

Responsive city driving, iPod interface, thoughtful nooks and crannies for my cell phone, shaver and gloves, over 30 MPG for the last 2000 miles (50/50 city/highway miles), all-in-one key fob, steering wheel stereo controls, spring-loaded cup holders, sizable center console storage, dual power jacks

Exterior styling, Honda look and feel, side curtain air bags and ABS, great pricing.

Gas mileage, XM radio, VSA, nav, voice activated bluetooth, interior room, looks sporty

Speedometer rt in view. Lots of places to put stuff. Stick shift, handling, rims awesome. Gas mileage great 28+ mixed driving

Love the dash displays, stylish exterior and the overall handling of the car. Can't be the mpg without spending a lot more for a hybrid

Value, ride, quiet, fuel economy and most of all the reliability

It's safe! Gas mileage is excellent. The built-in USB cable/connector in the middle armrest compartment is great! You can charge many devices from it, it keeps iPods out of the way and hidden from thieves. The car is loaded with features which you often expect in "luxury" class vehicle 

Twin set dash, hard seats for my back, whisper quiet.

Love the navigation, Vehicle Assist, XM, gas mileage, smooth steering, Bluetooth and USB connection

Great style, quiet, responsive handling, nice interior. The quality is excellent, except for the lack of remote trunk access. 

Voice activated nav, Bluetooth, radio

Heated leather seats, one-touch sunroof, aux/usb connections, great on gas, comfortable and spacious

The looks from the back.

The dash looks great and refined. I was leery about the split dash, but actually I prefer it now, and it is very well designed and "ergonomic" if you can call it that. 

manual transmission, neat cup holders, large trunk, two tiered digital dash and LX-S sport seats

Redline at 6000, smooth six-speed gear box, two-tiered dash with red displays, superb 350 watt audio (comparable to system in my 2007 Acura MDX), exterior styling of the Si coupe (unlike the sedan), trunk space with fold down seats, and of course, the iVTEC K-20 engine

I love the blue back lights on the dashboard, it really looks like a modern car. Also, I love all of the little compartments to put all of your little things.



Looks Handling Responsiveness Not cheap OEM tires

Roomy leg room for my 6'5" other half. Cloth seats are comfortable. Stereo has great sound, easy to program. Great gas mileage. Cup holders 

Integrated stereo IPOD feature with the USB connect in the glove box (or arm rest if you will), Seat warmers, moon roof, stereo steering wheel controls, and the rest the car has to offer! = ) 

USB port for your iPod. I know it's frivolous, but a great feature.

Overall design Solid feel Road handling in corners Acceleration

manual transmission, lighting, USB input, strong headlights, smooth switchgear, responsive steering

Seats and Steering wheel. And don't forget about the mpg. Plus the reliability of a Honda.

09 Wheels are nice, the front redesign looks a bit more aggressive, and TONS of room in the trunk. The USB is a nice touch as well.

Gas mileage! Eye-Pleasing Blue Dash/Gauge lighting. CD/Radio and other standard "toys" the LX comes with. Center Armrest. The Heater warms up the interior super fast! It's just a very nice solid car that's fun to drive and with the new re-design for 2009 it looks very sporty to boot! Good Job Honda!

Luv the heated leather seats, the controls on the steering wheel, cup holders are nice, like the big knobs on the dash easy to control.

Cup holders w/ pressure fitters; power mirrors; trunk holds 2 sets of golf clubs!

Bluetooth and integrated IPOD. It's better than my wife's $58,000 Mercedes. The car is quiet and extremely well built. Navigation is a MUST HAVE!

Takes a while to get used to the digital speed meter (mph), but I love it compared to the OLD analog dial. Seats are much sportier than other Civic models. It's great exterior look attracts the attention of other drivers and pedestrians. When parked at Mall see people looking in window at interior.

Solid chassis, high revving smooth-powerful engine, great handling. Comfortable seats, good leg room in the back seat. 

Black interior, firm handling, solid construction.

Great Handling, gadgets, and design.

Better gas mileage that my Chrysler Town and Country. 

Interior is roomy and comfortable. Trunk is a nice size. Love the dash and the controls for radio, etc. are easily accessible while driving. I do like the design for 2009 as well, the previous few years were a little too spaceship like for my taste.

Finish, dashboard lights, hook up for aux. sound input, clutch & shifter package, plenty of room in the front (I ride solo most of the time).

Numerous audio inputs. Front cupholders the best I've experienced. Front seat thigh bolsters. Two tiered dash is amazing; I don't know if I could go back to a traditional format. Surprisingly roomy trunk. Sound system good below 7/10. Sporty ride and drive. Good exhaust note balance. VSA. LSD. VTEC!!

Dashboard design and lights. Body style and finish. Air controls and radio. Happy revving engine. 

The speedometer is SO NICE, the interior is black and stylish but u may need to keep a lint roller with u but that's ok with me. Rear lip deck spoiler looks amazing; it's also very responsive on the road! Its great on gas - helps the environment has an i-VTEC engine! :] It's a FAST car! :]

The overall design & lines of the car, heated leather seats, incredible paint, blaster a/c, sheer comfort, lotsa great visibility all around, fuel efficiency, sound system.

Seats, handling, clutch action, acceleration (at higher rpms), ergonomics, styling, digital speedo. This car is a ton of fun to drive; I look forward to my two 30-minute commutes everyday. I wish it was legal (for me) to drive faster; this car loves 95 mph. Affordability.

Love the dashboard, especially the blue, great sound system, and aerodynamics of this car. Very peppy engine! Love the sliding cover for the cup holders.

Gas mileage. Fun car. High quality for a "cheap" small car. Dealers willing to discount, get two dealers to bid against each other! Got below invoice.

Classy exterior, nice interior design and features, engine run very quite.

Interior displays; auto-temp; Navi; mp3 capabilities (even w/not owning an iPod); feel and smell of the leather.

The rev-happy 196 hp 2 liter motor with an eight thousand rmp red line is more fun than words can express. The smooth short throw 6 speed manual is a perfect match for the engine.

Smooth ride, very spacious, standard audio sounds great. I love how the dashboard is digital. Overall, a very well made car that has produced zero complaints. It truly is amazing how much you get for such a small price tag.

That exhaust note and the high revving Honda engine. Sun-roof, VSC, wheels, breaks (nice big discs), & form fitting sport seats.

Spaceship like cabin design and digital display.

Instrument panel. Sound system, overall build quality, eco-friendliness.

The interior features are well designed and within easy reach, plus the hood is very low so it's easy to navigate through a parking lot or to park. 

No doubt the six speed.

usb slot + steering wheel radio controls. I actually like digital speedometer. 

I have the 2009 Honda Civic coupe EX. I love the exterior styling of the car. It looks flashy and stylish at the same time. I love the audio controls, they're simple but in-depth enough for an audiophile like myself. The premium sound system was definitely worth the cost!

MPG, handling, looks inside and out. I like the dash layout and controls. Also built in US with mostly US parts.



The power of the ridiculously high revving 2.0 liter engine. It's great in the hands of an experienced driver. 197 horsepower in a 2900 pound car makes you go REALLY fast. Can't wait for the next track day.

There is so much to love in this car but my favorite feature has to be the exhaust and horsepower. This car sounds like my (Honda)sportbike and has a nice throw back when you punch it. I also love the stereo. It has a nice kick to it but, it's not over done and annoying like some cars are.

Styling, handling, engine and transmission smoothness.

Gas Mileage, sound system, easy read dash.

Its NEW! The entire car rocks.

Exterior & interior design, AC, handling, peppy engine, trunk space, console design, gas mileage, safety.

Design, stick shift and stereo. 

Sleek exterior design. Quite efficient engine. Nice music system. Spacious inside design for its size. Wonderful driving feeling without a question. 

Love the Dashboard, very nice design, front very roomy and was amazed at the leg room in the back.

mpg

Dashboard is great - everything you want in front of you, good job Honda. Fuel economy is great.

Quality, value, resale value, handling quick, comfortable, roomy I'm 6ft 240lbs, styling and safety. For people that think this is just another compact car has never own one. Very nice highway car. My first civic is the reason why I would never own another manufacturer. 200k and no problems. 

The air-conditioner has a MAX setting which is great for very hot climates and days. The speedometer is digital which my son likes because he can see it from the back seat. This car has 4 doors so it is easier for people to get in the back seat. The seats are comfortable. Everyone likes the car.

Very low operating cost, "greenest car in U.S.", no fuel drips, bi-level instrument panel with great ergonomics, great AC. Exterior design very attractive, not one single problem at 7+ months-- only car I've ever owned that can claim that. 

Digital dash, body styling, outside temp, blue dash lighting (hate the orange).

ipod plug, shifter, fuel economy (38- 41MPG? seriously? What's a hybrid for?), appearance is flashy, dash is very appealing to me with digital easy read display, good interior fabric, quality materials

Steering wheel audio controls, USB port for iphone/ipod, stability control, sunroof, digital split speedometer, remote trunk release, fuel economy (not really a feature, but I'm averaging about 32 mpg in 50-50 city/highway driving).

Safety features, gas mileage, roominess, and look of the car. 

Style, navy color, steering and handling, braking, great size to park, good mileage, navi and bluetooth. In hot NC summer days the Civic cools down quickly and gets cold once car is moving for very long. 

Style.

The stock EX coupe radio is amazing. One of the best stock systems I've heard. It trumps that of a relative's Acura MDX, and the Bose system in the GMC Yukon Denali. I love the iPod interface. IMO, the styling is also top-notch. Performance is solid, minus the DBW/throttle issue.

Smooth Shifter... Sexy as hell... (BLACK)... Nice pickup and engine sounds great. Driving Characteristics... Last but not least extremely reliable as all Hondas seem to be. I love the Coupe.

Great dash. Easy to read speedometer.

The fit and finish - feels like you are sitting in the 2008 Accord! Leg room for front passenger and driver, roomy cockpit. 

The sporty, yet sophisticated body style with alloy wheels and spoiler. The interior material does collect lint, but looks and feels great. Leather-wrapped steering wheel. 2 stage dash is easy to love. Head room in the front seat more than enough for me at 6'1". Options are just right for my needs.

I-Pod Aux connection, driver gauges, the trunk space, the look of it, low cost to own as far as gas mileage, routine maintenance, insurance, and resell valve if you were ever thinking of selling it.

Leather Heated Seats, USB Port for iPod, VSA, sunroof, dual split level dash, speedometer, remote trunk release.

Ipod hook-up, gas mileage, pick-up, styling, large trunk, fold down rear seat, cool blue instrument panel.

Suspension, very responsive handling. Fuel economy, stylish and fit and finish.

Speed sensitive volume, USB plug-n- play, great safety features, the cup holders are nice. 

Nice balance of form and function. Not too dull but also not flashy. Great seats.

Sound system is fine. 

High quality features including the leather seats. The moonroof is a great feature that I always have open. The accessories I added (Moonroof visor, trunk spoiler, mud flaps) make the car look really sharp and people always take a really good look at it as they go by.

Cup holders, stereo system. MPH, RPM readout is nice. Styling is great. Reliability of a Honda. Good transmission. The four door is wonderful - a fun to drive, useful compact with large trunk space. Side support of seats. V-tech is fun, though the engine goes through the 6k-8k range very quickly.

MPG, MPG, MPG, Engine shut off at stop lights, Reliability / Build Quality, Exterior (Looks great in black with tinted windows).

The Interior features are a lot like the TL. All the extra's (usb port, aux. port, comp. port, etc.). The Style!

The two tier instrument panel. The comfort of the seats and I'm over 6 foot tall. The location of controls. The radio is awesome. Excellent A/C. Solid ride. Fast steering response. The armrest. The cloth seats are nice.

Gas mileage and look of the vehicle.

Getting better than ave. mpg-quiet ride plus sleek exterior-my favorite Honda I have had.

Auto moonroof, heated leather seats, split dash all controls within easy reach. Great trunk liner, mud guards and slick fitting spoiler. Love the NO antenna look.

Sporty aerodynamic design; standard 17 in. wheels; Nicely shaped seats; Awesome exhaust note; Minimal chrome accents; Digital speedometer; Short wheelbase; Excellent color palette; Standard black colored interior; Acura inspired interior; Standard foglights; Telescoping steering wheel; Razor sharp reflexes

Steering wheel, fun to drive. Ipod connection. 

The electronic display on dashboard, very responsive steering.

Digital dash, large trunk, tail lights.

That's easy, the Hybrid and electric assisted motor.

None

Drivers seat adjustments to higher and lower, I tried the Pirus. The Civic has more comfort. I did get around 46 mpg with first fill up, very pleased.

Roominess, interior layout, styling, fuel economy, fun to drive.

Voice activated navigation system and hands free link.

Steering wheel, foot rest, I like the instrument panel and the seats are comfortable.



Interior design and materials. Don't have much else to offer in the compliment department, as car has spent most of its days at dealer. Bought it only 5 days ago. 

USB audio interface, Sport-like seats provide comfort and support, Gas mileage has been phenomenal, Instrument Cluster, Sound System, Steering wheel, Integrated key fob, Oil life monitor, Exterior Temperature gauge 

