Sport seats on the sport model, paddle shifters, bluetooth.

LED Running lights, Exterior/interior, Ipod & bluetooth integrations, AWD handling, MPG/performance ratio, turning ratio, overall dimensions (it is a massive, confident vehicle). QUIET ride at all speeds! My coworker bought one after he test drove mine.

Bluetooth phone, navigator, and radio can be controlled by voice. Very smart looking dash and console. The extra room from the previous model makes a noticeable difference.

Style, interior design and finish. Wheels look great. Love the way the car looks with the top and windows down.

Quattro, exterior, interior, bluetooth phone interface, ipod music interface, daylight running light.

The handling: sometimes the size feels awkward, but no matter the situation, you're always in control. Thank you AWD. Also, it's nice that key comes apart so you can take just the metal part with you if you're going for a run or a swim.

Stereo, Audi Music Interface (ipod interface), quattro, sports mode, bluetooth hands-free phone interface, interior material and exterior looks, day light running lights.

Proximity sensor locks and engine start, Back up camera, navigation, voice activation features. AMI, you can hook up a 500gb hard drive through USB if you want... 

Handling, interior and overall dealer service.

Great stability & Ride

Sunroof is neat, I love the headlights, and the heated seats will look forward to when winter comes around! The radio is also very impressive. 

Front seat comfort. Acceleration with the 2.0T is good (for a normal driver anyway). Steering is sharp on hard corners. Lots of gadgets. LED lights are a new wrinkle. Sirus radio and IPOD interface add options for entertainment. Bang and Olfusen stereo systems is well done.

Love the look, styling and stunning daytime running lights. Very supportive seats on those long drives. Trunk holds lots of stuff.

LED light, Audi media interface, better arranged control buttons, and the spacious interior.

Very responsive and typical teutonic design.

Interior design, fit & finish and performance

Engine is awesome - much smoother than wife's 2009 Cab and 258 ft. lbs. of torque at only 1500 rpms! Ride is very communicative, comfortable, and quiet. MMI is very good, even though it is slightly more tedious than Honda's. Bluetooth works great with both of my phones. Interior is beautiful. 

MMI easy to use, Audi Music Interface, daytime LED eyeliner lights, exterior styling, Bang & Olufsen stereo, Bluetooth phone hookup.

Handling...The car feels like it is glued to the road. The steering feel is great and the suspension feels nice and tight. The Cabriolet with the S- Line package looks great. We get a lot of positive comments. Bluetooth works great. Interior fit and finish is excellent.

Navigation with backup camera is the BEST! It's saved me from dings and dents already. It forces me to pay closer attention when I back up. Also, I love the design of the multimedia interface and the quality of the leather seats, etc... It just seems more stylish than competitors'.

NONE

seats, wood paneling

overall styling mileage, media interface

Once the turbo kicks in, the car accelerates extremely fast and handles great on curves. I love the looks of the car and enjoy all the other features. The trunk is huge. The daytime running lights are unique. Gas mileage is great. 

Bang and Olufson sound system, voice activated Bluetooth, keyless entry/start, flappy paddle shifters, Alcantara seats, quattro, interior and exterior styling, general material and build quality, automatic everything (or not), relative exclusivity

MMI with iPod, auto dim mirrors, lots of trunk space, and Quattro!

Front LED's, bluetooth, ipod, low & wide stance.



Bluetooth works great with integration with your contacts. Ipod Intergration very intuitive to use with MMI system. Engine pulls very nicely without sounding harsh, smooth power. Sports seats very comfortable and supportive, instrument panel, NAV, and quattro handling is perfect.

Handling, smooth ride, looks, ami system with iPod integration, interior. 

Panoramic sun roof, fifth door, quattro all wheel drive, steering wheel controls, blue tooth, Sirius satellite and the comfortable leather seats.

Sport Suspension, Bluetooth, the Manual Transmission, Multifunction Steering Wheel and of course the sport seats.

Quattro 60/40 adjustment, suspension, 3 zoned heating/cooling, trunk size and bag holders, folding back seats, foot and head room in back seat, sculpted body styling with lower wider nose, MMI for MP3s on SD card, seamless voice activated bluetooth, iPhone interface and of course, the LEDs. 

Engine, the day time running LEDs turn heads, love the Ipod integration, but if you get nav it deletes the car's SD card slot, Sport seats, ride, MMI is more user friendly this time around.

iPod integration. Modern interior styling. Voice recognition dialing. Mandatory cigarette lighter. One lb key fob. 

LED lights, heated seats

Stylish car. Comfortable seating. Steering wheel with great feel. 29-30 mpg hwy 25-26 cmb, great for this car segment. Handling is amazing in general and a standout in bad weather. Seamless Bluetooth. Spacious. Great sound system. Center console easy. Steering well control and voice command work

Interior and exterior design, LED daylight running light, lane change assist, keyless entry and start/stop

Smooth and powerful 2.0 Turbo, quattro handling, awesome i-Pod connection with the MMI, back-up assist camera, keyless start-up, incredible stereo (Bang & Olufsen premium sound), LED headlights, lane change assist

The car is well balanced with AWD and the 2.0 engine gives great performance with very good gas mileage. The interior feels like a jet cockpit. The increased vehicle size was a great idea that was much needed.

The Bang and Olufsen stereo is by far the best car stereo I have ever heard. The sound reproduction is awesome. Having the iPod interface as well as an SD card slot means all my music comes with me. The front end styling is unique and aggressive. The Smart key technology is cool.

LED lights, 18" wheels, seats, hands- free bluetooth phone, dash layout, steering wheel, overall shape of the car. 

Interior quality and ergonomics is the best - hands down. Exterior is subtle yet sporty. The MMI is very intuitive. Sport seats are awesome. The car drives great and is very responsive. Sport suspension gives a firm ride, but still very comfortable and luxurious. Open-sky sunroof is fantastic.

Ergonomics, seats, gearbox, handling

The navigation/back up camera, the "smiling" lights, and just the way the car drives.

Impressive new design! Love the new ignition key system. Smooth ride; speed and performance are great; good- looking wheels are standard. Great sound system with 6 disc in-dash CD player. Interior heats up fast in cold weather.

Lights - Xenon and LEDs, Sports package - wheels, seats and paddle shifting gears, Bluetooth/AMI/Media connectivity, Design in general is A+, Driveability. 

Interior, ride, and fuel economy - diesel 40mpg city driving! price and build, turbo acceleration and torque. Plant your foot and hold on. Electronic park brake.

Ipod integration, S mode on the transmission, AWD, fuel economy, Xenon headlights, bluetooth. 2.0T Turbo 211HP/258ft-lb torque. 

Sport seats, paddle shifters, gas mileage, modding potential.

Great comfort and steering. Steering tightens up the faster you go. Wonderful sound system. Spacious interior. Car is quiet at high at 90mph!

Easy to work convertible top, great seats and seat warmers. This car is fun to drive and has great traction.

Sticks like glue to the road, and is simply stunning to drive in snow. I have driven nothing better. Striking, handsome exterior and modern, sharp interior. MMI with iPod integration is fantastic, but no Genius. Flawless Bluetooth performance. Climate control never needs adjusting, and is very quiet.



Turbo acceleration, Quattro handling, interior build, full of features, great looking car, highway mileage 27mpg at 80mpg, roomy enough for 2 car seats and a stroller, great looking car and not many of them on the road so you get lots of attention, reversible cloth/plastic cargo floor a nice touch

Lights, stereo, transmission, Bluetooth, intuitive to drive, quickness, looks of car, FUN!

No. 1 is styling. Paddle shifters, AWD handling, LED running lights that turn heads, Xenon headlights and the stereo are great. Light steering at low speeds.

Love the leather sport seats, the interior and the quality of the materials.

Handling, smooth ride, light package, sound system, interior is beautiful, front exterior is awesome, acceleration is excellent.

MMS Stereo System, AUX, and Quattro, 60/40 Rear Seats

Quiet ride, MMI

Handling (car doesn't lean on turns) and pep (gets out of the gate without a single lag) and comfort (for it's class - I looked at the C-Class, 3-Series, 9-3 and G35x and this interior competes solidly with the other brands).

Interior (especially the iPod interface). Exterior design, like the jewel day lights

Four wheel drive. We have had five snow storms since I bought the car in November and have had no problem getting around. The brakes are first rate.

The LED head lights make people stare at you like your driving a 100k car! Big space ship design compared to cars in its class. The TRUE AWD handling! The new body style turns it into a thing of beauty as opposed to last years design that didn?t even hold my attention for 2 seconds.

Acceleration, handling, braking. 

The sound system is incredible. Daytime running lights. Interior and the layout of the instrument cluster. All safety features that make this car safe. Keyless entry. The looks we get when we are in it.

LED (turns a lot of heads), side assist system, quality feel of interior

Ipod interface, bluetooth phone, LED's, MMI, Quattro AWD.

The Bang & Olufsen sound system is the best sound system I've ever heard in a vehicle! Bluetooth, Navigation, Back- up camera, LED daytime running lights, 18" wheels and ipod integration are also very cool.

Gas mileage, B&O stereo, Works seamlessly with my iphone, side alert, mmi, daytime led's, back up camera.

Handling and quattro all wheel drive system.

Drive Select-distinct softening in comfort mode, nice for town. Dynamic really tightens up the handling. Sweet on Mulholland Drive with all the other yahoos in their BMW's and Porsches. Sirius-24 hour Grateful Dead and Chill channels. Parking sensor and camera--handy running lights-wife digs em! 

Quattro, B&O, fun to drive

Everyone knows you're coming with the LED lights! Bang & Olefsen sound system is superb.

Neat LED daytime running lights, B&O stereo. Overall styling and great gas mileage with 2.0 turbo

Engine performance and exterior styling are great. The Bluetooth cell phone link is a good feature, and the Infotainment system is easy to operate.

LED headlights, navigation, new sportier exterior styling

Handling, braking, MMI and the incredible B&O audio system. Looks great. The daytime friving LEDs are a really nice touch - gets lots of looks. Love the smoothness and sound of the 3.2 V6 and willing to trade a few mpg.

The navigation/back up camera and overall design of the car.

LED lights under headlights, very nice styling.

Backup camera/sensors, MMI, Nav, bluetooth, steering, iPod interface

The Audi Music Interface works great, the Ipod integration is fantastic as is the bluetooth connectivity for cell phones. I love how my contacts are downloaded right into the vehicle so I can easily dial without ever lifting my hands from the wheel. My favorite feature? All of it!

The MMI is very cool. The 2.0 is much better than I thought it would be. Handling is very crisp. I can really throw it through turns. Seats are very comfortable. Seems to get pretty good gas mileage. Finally, being a wagon, there's lots of cargo space. Why would anybody choose an SUV

Great pick up, awesome interior, great sound system & MMI.

All new styling and increased HP, torque, MPG, and room than the old model. Trunk also big enough to fit my golf clubs and much much more.

Performance of 2.0T engine is excellent while still giving great gas mileage. Interior styling, finish and technology is same as more expensive A6/Q7 model. The LED DRLs are unique and attention grabbing, add personal flair to the car. Rain sensing wipers/auto headlights make effortless driving

Engine, transmission, steering, brakes are all great. Stereo is awesome- car looks great (white/black) and new headlights work and look great! Seats are comfortable as well

MMI: I love the interface which controls the bluetooth, iPod (Audi Music Interface), navigation and audio selections. Best part is I don't even have to take my phone out of my bag. It picks up the contacts in my Blackberry so I can dial right from the MMI!



Fuel economy for a 6cyl, it's great! Handling in corners. Sound system.

The A4 3.2 quattro is fully loaded and well worth the extra $4k. Seats are heated and/or cooled. The LED daytime driving lights are a big attention grabber. The best feature is the steering response.

