Well equipped for base model vehicle, p/w a/c overhead compartments, console, mp3/wma good sound. Composite bed. MPG is surprising for a 4x4 truck w/access cab. Good ride, between truck and car.



Reverse camera, rear locker, acceleration. For a truck, it really moves.

Pretty good MPG, truck bed is long enough for me, looks good, GREAT turn radius for a truck.

It is a comfortable ride.

Appearance, height, hood scoop.

Drives great when the transmission is working.

Back up camera.

The big plus for this truck would be its quick get-up and go, it's only a four cylinder, but it goes. The bed liner and the adjustable hold downs are great. I do a lot of hauling, lumber and such and so far everything has been easy to tie down. 

Comfort, premium sound system

Beautiful truck, offroad package is worth the $$$. 

power, comfort, back up camera, safety features, stereo, and 4 wheel drive

Back-up camera, towing ability, engine, transmission, interior fit & finish, radio, off-roadabilty even with 4x2, locking differential and everything else. What's not to like...

Love the interior except for the low seats. The composite bed is great. A/C will freeze you. Quiet ride.

Great power, stereo, AC, bed storage features, backup camera, safety features, MPG is ok, Vehicle skid control.

Nice ride. Rugged looking. Good on gas. Shifts well. Awesome off-road. Ice cold a/c. Lots of storage.

City mileage 16 lead footing, 19 babying. HWY mileage was 29 on i95 and 24 in the mountains. I would have rather had vinyl seats and flooring, but the interior is very nice. 

Interior is great - well laid out, comfortable, and functional. Back-up cam is useful. Bed with a pre-installed liner and movable tiedowns will be useful. Ride seems quiet to me - only 500 miles so far.

LED tail lamps -Bench seat w/2 kids -AUX input -Composite bed

Looks, interior room, back-up camera, compass and engine power.

JBL sound, towing package, lighting

ride

I like the large interior, It feels like a car inside. Backup camera is a neat feature. JBL stereo sounds good. 12v plug in and ipod jack

Backup Camera. Suspension good for offroading on the offroad and sport models. Vehicle has better looks than competition.

Looks cool. Rear seats fold flat. Rear storage under and behind seats. Size is about right. AUX input.

Backup camera. AUX input. The towing capacity is great.

Overall handling, composite truck bed, good gas mileage (although I don't understand why it couldn't be better for its size).

Has good road feel and feels like a bigger truck, once I get in. There is a technique if you are older and 6'2", heh heh.

Backup camera, composite bed, storage, power accent/decent control.

Love the availability of the long bed with the double cab. The stereo is much improved over the old Toyota vehicles even though I would like to have the JBL system. Everything is easy to use and find. The telescoping steering wheel is nice. Great room inside the cab and the bed alike.

Back Up Camera, Taller Box, Rear Seat, Storage, Mileage

Safety features. Braking. Low end torque of engine. Acceleration. Light weight for what it is. Red panel lighting at night. Transmission is quick to lock up the torque converter after shifts, thus very efficient. Steering. 

Rugged build. Powerful engine. Comfortable interior. Back-up camera. I really like the composite bed; it won't dent and it won't rust. What more can you ask for? Great air-conditioning. A beautiful truck.

Plastic bed, MP3 player stereo, decent AC, supposed to be reliable. 

Blue tooth, exterior design, storage under back seats, and in the bed. 

Back up camera, Storage compartments in box, sliding tie-downs on bed rails.

Exterior design, Interior design (other than the steering wheel), Engine maintenance ease, power (when it finally comes from the transmission), backup camera, fold flat rear seats, fold down passenger seat, ground clearance.

Bluetooth, backup camera, 4-wheel drive selection, shifting auto trans, ride, visibility.

NONE

Ipod jack, storage bins in bed, 4x4, high quality interior, very quiet and smooth drive train

I like the plastic bed and the rear view mirror back up camera.

Nice truck as long as you don't mind no radio.

Easy to disable the seatbelt buzzer for good! Backup cam. Nice featured bed! iPod port is nice. Runs good. Nice storage. 

Nice running engine. drives solid and transmission works well

Back up camera, storage compartments, the amount of room for a 'midsize pickup', MP3/WMA CD player, AC outlet in bed, safety features

Composite bed, tie downs, traction controls, backup camera, iPod, bluetooth and sat radio.

Design (inside and out), Toyota reliability, ride and comfort, resale value.

Cockpit and instrumentation, soundproofing is outstanding. 

Power, heavy duty hitch, MP3 6-CD player, and smooth ride for this type truck.

The body style and the new Timberland Mica color. Great interior design and comfortable seating.

The main reason it was purchased was for the safety features. 

Styling, handling, backup camera, MPG

Composite bed, high crash test scores, numerous safety features for 09 and overall design.

Great heater; relatively quiet. Red back-lit gauges are pretty nice. 

The less boxier designed and the backup cam is a plus! 

Quiet ride, backup camera, and workmanship 

Standard traction control, sliding rear window, lock down cleats, rear bed compartments. Interior is well placed.

Power and big truck feel. Love the bed liner.

Bed of the truck is sprung heavier than the 99, like you are actually going to haul stuff! Liner is well designed for easy cleaning haulage and storage. Those extra 2 doors actually make the back useful. Better braking on bigger wheels.

4x4. Gotta have the 4x4. This thing climbs whatever where ever. Snow? No problem. The new traction control systems make it that much easier to drive in the worst conditions. 

Good power for a V6. Backup camera works well day or night. Built-in bluetooth is handy; especially in CA where hands-free cell communication is required. Like the XM radio feature.

The Back Up camera on the tailgate with the monitor seamlessly integrated into the rear view mirror. It pops up when the car is in reverse. The JBL audio package sounds great, and I can play my iPod with the Aux input. The sport seats are comfortable. There are plenty of storage areas in and out

Big truck feel in a medium package. I find the rearview camera to be helpful once you get used to it.

Engine has plenty of torque at all RPMs New MP3-WMA radio easy to navigate the MP3s Back-up cam is a MUST if you haul a trailer to mount it. New barcelona red is very very nice, 6 speed is smooth as butter clutch is easy to operate +++

Like the fuel economy of the 2.7 liter also the the comfort level, which I believe to be the best of any truck that I have ever owned. The Tacoma also handles well on gravel roads.

Exterior styling, standard safety features, back-up camera

Everything else including the new side airbags and bluetooth.

Powerful V6 and smooth 5spd auto. MP3 playback stereo with steering wheel control. Rear doors. Composite bed with movable tie downs. Comfortable interior. Lots of storage. Overall look and feel of quality.

Fuel economy, safety, 4-dr doublecab style, 6-spd manual, composite bed, clutch start shut-off, overall look and the back-up camera is great if you use it to tow.

Bluetooth, Magnetic Grey color, LED Taillights, iPod connectivity, interior room and storage, and great looks. 

Great power, brakes VG. Interior is very comfortable. Like all the safety features.

V6 engine and auto tranny are powerful and smooth. Firm but comfortable ride, big cab, 4 doors, excellent fit and finish, comfortable seats and driving position for me. Composite box. Steering wheel audio control. I like the look of the truck. New safety features for 2009. Fair stereo for a truck.

Bold, tough looking front end, black overfenders, STAR safety, smooth as butter ride. Great quality sound system. 6 air bags.

Standard safety features. Interior appointments. Back-up camera (kind of "gimmicky" - but it works). Ride. Overall quality. Quiet engine - I couldn't hear it at first; had to look at the tach to make sure the engine was running. Very easy truck to drive. I'm enjoying the better mpg than my '92 gets.

STAR safety, quiet smooth ride, quality build. Great MPG (averaging about 23, and not even broken in yet.

