I love the simplicity of the vehicle.Would not have got the AC but for my wife...The rugged old 4cyl is proven and longlasting.

Smaller truck, easy to maneuver. Plenty of power, great styling.

Like the increased rear spring rate, helps when carrying light to medium weight loads. Leather interior is very nice. The steering is sharp and responsive. Bed extender is extremely handy. 

Easy in and out, good seats, lots of get-up, and great fuel economy(25mpg in town).

single cab and size for a runabout. this truck has great possibilities but is being built with people who do not really care, all the way from management to the on line workers.

Fuel economy at 25 highway and 21 city, easy to beat the EPA sticker

pwr windows,door locks,and mirrors. Neat sound system w/rear speakers in extended cab. Aux plug for mp3. Nice high back seats. Good place for cupholders. Secondary pwr plug

reliaiby

 20-21 mpg around town and 26 mpg on a trip. First time for power windows and locks. Would compare the workmanship to any car/truck anywhere. 

Tight turning circle; comfortable front seats; ease of access; gas mileage(28 mpg with 4cyl. manual); sturdiness; price.

Body styling, fit & finish is good, good visibility from drivers seat.

The front end appearance and the history of no unusual concerns

Style, build quality, off-road capability

The solid ride, and good handling of the road. Like the gas mileage it gets.

Five speed automatic and the better gas mileage.

Quiet drive Very solid feel Enough power Good mileage 

Auxiliary input, chrome package makes the truck look very sharp, towing capacity exceeds expectations, Heat/AC works GREAT! 

Very compact and easy to maneuver. Feels solid, and has great mileage for a pick-up truck.



smooth 5 speed transmission, 207 HP out of a V6!, 5,000 lbs of towing capacity, sport cloth seats, audio jack for ipods, fender flares, nice alloy wheels, and fog lights

Only domestic offering of a truly compact truck. Selling at significant savings over a comparable Colorado (though with less standard equipment) and better mileage. Performance under load very solid; better than anticipated. Standard hitch. Independent rear suspension. Reachable bed (from side).

