side traffic monitor and gps

Sirius satellite radio and the sunroof. Also, the televisions provide a good environment for children. The exterior of the minivan is sleek, and functional, allowing for a trailer hitch and car top rack. Again, for long trips with much luggage the trailer hitch is a huge bonus and really makes the 

Stow & Go. Went from transporting the kids to renting a tiller in less than 5 minutes. Remote start, gets the AC or heat going fast. Rain sensing wipers.

Satellite radio, stow & go seating, nice power under hood w/3.8 engine, lots of storage.

The screen for the backup up cam is large which is nice. The Chrysler exclusive built hard drive which you can load up your favorite CD's is a favorite feature. This vehicle's stock tires are reasonably good for winter. The kids appreciate the rear seat DVD. Nicer interior styles than competition

The room and power doors.

Stow and go seats. Very convenient feature. This is hands down, the greatest feature of this mini-van. We used to have a minivan where you needed to remove the seats; a real pain. Hard drive music system. No need to hook up Ipod or carry CD's. Backup Camera. Living in Chicago its a must have.

Hard Disk Drive for music, parkview camera, tv's, premium console, remote start, screen shades for kids.

Rear power windows, BIG engine, leather, satellite radio, bluetooth, heated seats, dual DVD

My Gig Radio, VES, comfortable front driver seats, remote back seats, backup camera and sensored exterior mirrors when a car comes close.

Stow and Go, Power liftgate and doors, Satellite radio, My Gig Player.

We like the rotating 2nd row seats, three video screens, rear backup camera, power adjustable driver's seat, and side windows that roll down. Storage galore and a comfortable ride.

MyGig, auto High-beams, 4.0 engine

The back-up camera is just outstanding. I never thought that I would use it, much less like it. Its great coming from a pickup truck. The blind spot for the mirrors are outstanding also.

comfort, design, options, 

I love every thing,but the driver seat.

Stow and Go has been much more convienient than we had first thought it would be. It has contributed to my wife's impulse buying of large items, since we can fold seats away quickly to make room for cargo

too many options to list here - you can save thousands if you buy now. The ride is comfortable, the media center is impressive, and the acceleration is acceptable for such a heavy car. The six speed transmission saves gas on the HWY and it did close to 25 miles per gallon. 

Touch screen audio and satellite radio. The 2 additional DVD players with wireless headphones for the kids allows us to listen to music simultaneously. Halo interior lighting and rear back up camera. The automatic doors & lift gate have a safety stop feature if they bump into anything while closing.

Powered rear doors courteously accomodate passengers. But they get confused if the passenger and the driver activate the door shortly apart. And the previous (Dodge) needed work on the doors after 1 year, the R one refused to close.

4L engine- powerful enough to squeal tires,Stow n Go perfect for my bike trips, great stereo (with subwoofer)

Stow-n-go seats, oodles of storage space, rear back-up camera, second row windows go down, entertainment system, navigation system, bluetooth in car, the list goes on and on...

The color, DVD system, powerslide doors and power hatch

8 way seat adjustments. steering wheel radio controls. 2nd row windows go down. Power doors. Halo lights. 4.0 Engine and layout under the hood.

Audio / Entertainment system Stow and Go Power liftgate / sliding doors Comfortable seating View of the road - driving position Lifetime Powertrain warranty Value

Stow&Go, Automatic sliding doors and rear hatch, radio controls on steering wheel, rear heat & ac, interior led lighting is excellent, seats are comfortable in the second row(this was a concern for us)

Dash layout very attractive, interior overall quality improved over our 2003 T&C. 

Stow and go seats, DVD player, Radio, back up camera, comfort of seats, smooth ride.

Stow and go seating, and Hard disk drive for CD's. No reason to have to store CD's in the vehicle.

Seats. Dash layout. Styling looks better than our old "dustbuster" Toyota

Dual DVD's, seat's stow, entertainment system (for us adults in front)

Xenon lights, automatic highbeams, two rows of heated seats, awesome engine and 6 speed transmission, lots of chrome.

Love the twin DVD player and seats

Seats are great. Love the dual DVD players. Kids are not fighting anymore. The DVD player actually works when you hit a bump. My old Honda would skip and start over any any expansion joint in the road.

Drive train including engine. Seating, luggage and storage space.

