Very flexible convertible--can open and close at any speed; closing convertible last minute before it rains therefore can use on days with rain in forecast! Love the tachometer & dash mounted clock, quirky but sporty. Very effective fog lamps, casts a wide area of illumination.

- Improved and tighter suspension. - 'Special' BRABUS exterior treatment. - Surprisingly good upgraded sound system. - Heated Leather Seats (Standard) - The smirk on my face as I whip through traffic.

Big doors,auto wipers I never had them before,It's a great thing,

Red interior, top down and up at any speed, fits anywhere, shifting w/o a clutch, mileage...makes me smile even on my 50 mile commute and in traffic!

Heated seats, auto wipers, top goes up and down at 60mph, enthusiast groups, gas mileage, smiles from strangers, ease of parking!

I love the interior and the sun roof.

Takes no room to park in garage,or anywhere. Top up/down at any speed. Several amenities, heated seats, auto rain wipers etc.

A/C blows very cold. Interior is very roomy, doesn't feel small when you're sitting inside. Get the comfort pkg. for $850, which includes P/S, auto headlights and wipers, and heated leather seats. it's really worth it. Lots more storage room in back than you would think, holds plenty.

comfortable

Aux jack for iPod. Std radio surprisingly better than expectd, 2 speakers. I actually like the jerkiness while shifting because it reminds me that the car is a manual which I normally can't drive with a clutch. I like all its quirkiness which makes it unique. Ease of parking in the tiniest of spots.

steering wheel, fuel economy, interior finish

Overall package..but

manual transmission w/o clutch; electronic cabriolet that can be open/closed at any speed. Build quality and quality of components.

Looks, economy, size, comfort for its size, performance for size and price, quality, price, panoramic roof, lack of blind spots, easy exit and entry ( seat hight perfect ), tall headroom, seats are supportive and comfortable even for long trips

Safety cell auto wipers interior room good mileage

Safety cage. Smarts in collisions routinely save their drivers' lives and limit injuries. Maneuverability. Gas mileage. Amazing interior room. Cargo capacity. Stability in adverse conditions.

Love my Panorama Roof and heated seats. Plenty of room, great car for the money. Very nice interior design and materials (I have leather seats). Love the mute bottom on the Radio, I don't have to turn my radio off or mess with the volume to answer a call!

Exterior, small size, gas mileage.

Interior room and layout

There is plenty of interior room and I enjoy the extras, like automatic wipers and lights. The automated manual transmission is good for me because I am used to a manual transmission and often switch to the manual mode for better control and speed. I love not having to deal with a clutch though.

Versatile transmission

Gas mileage, handling 

The leather seats are very comfortable and the interior is roomy. The car turns on a dime and is very easy to park. Quick responsive steering and a solid feel from the suspension. Smart has used all of the space available nicely.

Fuel economy,comfort, and style...Old folks enter and exit without any of the contortions required by other small cars...You can leave the transmission on auto or use the paddle shifters as desired...The transmission is designed to eliminate any slippage,which has drawn some misguided criticism..

We wanted something that would fit in Mom's garage. No problem, of course. She also had knee surgery & needed something easy to get out of. Again, no problem as doors open wide & seat is perfect height. Love the color blue! Very roomy inside and you don't feel like you're in a small car at all.

Paddle Shifters, engine sound, steering, Affordable and it's made by Mercedes-Benz!

Space and comfort and economy

Size, gas mileage, price, peppiness, safety, good in snow, 

The size, the build, it feels very sturdy and safe, love the new red color for this year, the ease of the top coming down, it can be done while driving. the fact that you can replace the panels, very inexpensively, and have a new looking car.

Attention "grabbyness", somewhat frugal engine, ease of city-driving, easy parking, great handling, being able to hug it if desired. 

My husband loves the paddle shifters and I love the heated, leather seats. 

