I do love the whole top system with the sunroof. I also like the fact that the engine is pretty quick even though it is a 4 cylinder. Best feature is the radio - no funny buttons or things to pull or push just very straight forward radio controls.

-The sunroof with pop up wind blocker, its not black, ugly, or takes up half of the sunroof! -Backseat is good for anyone under 5'10 when the top is up. -Sound system is great! (8 speakers) - quick yet efficient! - DSG Twin Clutch is best of both worlds!

Great gas mileage, hard-top convertible, nav system, xenon lights and backup sensors, DSG, turbo engine



Absolutely none.

Build quality, transformer-top, turbo, 6-speed DSG automatic, heated seats, sound system

hard top

Hardtop, comfortable seats, fun to drive, gas mileage 

The top! Its like something out of the future.

European styling and the convertible top make this car worth buying... 

Turbo - Hard Top - Seat Comfort - Leg Room - Superb Nav System.

Top, DSG Trans, gas miles, sunroof, Everything

We got 31 MPG Hwy. The EOS Lux has features that would add $10k to the BMW 328i. I can't tell you all that we love in 250 characters. The car has high-class luxury features for a middle- class price. The value compared to Saab, Volvo, BMW or Mercedes is outstanding. Sebring? Forget about it.

Hardtop convertible with sunroof that I'm not able to use while car is in service

The hardtop drops opens and closes quickly and conveniently. 

No doubt it is the hard top convertible with the sunroof. Great to use either way. Smooth ride.

Excellent performance, transmission and gas mileage. Big sunroof provides great light and view when the roof is up. Nice sounding radio and outfitted very nicely. Heated seats, auto-climate control and ipod dock are excellent. Get the 17inch tires if buying the Komfort trim.

Everything! from the sunroof to the turbo engine. 

Great car for the money. Convertible Top is a blast & works great. Just plain fun to drive - I find myself smiling a lot, my not-leather seats are just as nice as the real deal & no one knows. Handles very well, good looking, low read noise, seamless shifting (auto), gas mileage!

Trunk is really great, I have fit so much into it. The top of course. The sound system is really good. My EOS has very little road noise at all, with the top up of course. Great on snow and ice. In good weather (over 40) 31 MPG city/hwy heavy traffic, now 25. All the bells and whistles!

DSG, torque throughout engine's range, sunroof, speakers quality

convertible top with the sun/moon roof

Retractable hard top with panoramic sun roof that opens. Windscreen above windshield detracts noise. Navigation system has full media capabilities.

The top

Affordable hard top convertible, but it would be much nicer if the car ran properly.

This drives like your typical volkswagen - with nimbleness and class. Mileage is pretty decent for a fun car.

