Steering accuracy. Trunk space. Very low wind noise. Dash design aside from gauge pod placement. Standard stability control. Looks not too boring like a Camry, not as weird as Accord.

Electronic entry and keyless ignition. Memory seats. Automatic Xenon headlights. Dash design. 6-speed manual transmission. Trunk size and fold-down seats...I throw my bike in with no trouble. Excellent rear seat room. 

Bose speakers, push button start, exterior styling, spacious interior, options for the money

I have the dual tone interior of tan and black and it look amazingly sharp. The seat is extremely comfortable and I love the dash and controls. Everything is logical and easy to use. I also love the ability to control my stereo from the steering wheel. The ride is wonderfully smooth. 

Blind spot monitoring, Xenon Headlamps, Bose stereo, Bluetooth, love listening to the music on my Iphone wirelessly, love that feature. sync was a breeze. Electroluminescent gauges, Massive Trunk, Push button start, Keyless entry, and Mazda Handling, and perfect exhaust note, powerful! Zoom Zoom.

Roomy, stylish, luxurious interior. Creature comforts abound. Nothing on the road looks like it - except for other Mazdas. Very quick. Goes where you point it. ZoomZoom is all you can think about when you drive this car.

push-button start, climate control, Bose stereo system, Sirius satellite radio

two charging outlets,ipod port,xenon lamps, auto dim mirror, heated side mirrors, dedicated front/rear defog buttons. Plus fun factor of driving the car (power, handling, smoothness, quietness). This one's a true winner!I feel it sets the benchmark that all sedans in this segment will have to try to beat.

1. MPG - Consistently get over 26.5 mpg 2. Bose sound 3. Exterier, specially the accentuated front body over the tires, almost seems like a mucle car 4. Power 5. Trunk space 6. Keyless ignition 7. Twin mettalic exhaust 

BSM, Xenon headlights, interior design and layout, exterior

The looks of envy from people driving lesser cars, like Camry, Acord, VW, Hyundais! Certaunly looks, feels and performs like a car costing thousands more. World class! Bose Stereo system and navigator is icing on a perfect cake! Xenon headlights are a must, never saw so good or felt so safe at night



Style, room, ride quality/quietness, features (int and ext), sound system. I am impressed with the layout of the engine - intake on the front, exhaust at the back, cooler air in, heat out the back with plenty of temp barrier on firewall. 

Leather, Blind Spot Monitoring, navi, Bluetooth, powerful engine, control layout, looks, keyless entry, push button starting.

Bluetooth audio and phone, Bose system, blind spot monitoring, advanced key system, welcoming lights, voice-activated navigation, and lots of power (V6 model). 

Advanced keyless entry system, HID head light, automatic windshield wiper, Blind spot monitoring, unique half cloth half leather seat, roomy inside, smooth 6 speed clutch shifting, SUV like gas struts supported trunk lid and the look

Easily the Xenons. The fact that you can pivot them up and down is awesome. While on the expressway, they are set for regular driving (3), where I live on the back roads, the setting is high (0). Have never gotten this good of sight from headlights before!

Pros- nice styling externally, and a lot of space inside. Phone works very well. Love the no-key start, entry, exit. 

There are a lot of great things about this car. Dashboard lighting and layout. Sound system. Xenon headlights. Dual zone climate control. Throaty exhaust note when you feel the need for some Zoom.

Blind Spot Monitor system is very useful!!! Standard speakers have amazing sound quality, sound better than the Bose system.

Very competent handling for a wrong wheel drive sedan. The smart key, push button start, blind spot monitoring mirrors, and lighting features initially seemed gimmicky, but now, I love the convenience. I love the bluetooth audio feature, too bad my arrogant Apple iphone is too dumb to support it :( 

Bluetooth phone/audio, dual climate control, push button start, blind spot monitoring system.

Keyless ignition! Steering wheel mounted radio controls, Bose system, much quieter moonroof than on my previous Mazda 3i, huge backseat, huge trunk, very fast rear-window defroster (hehe). Tiny compartment for key fob under front dash. 2 cigarette lighter plugs. Auto-dim rearview mirror.

Dual Climate Control (one for my wife and one for me ;)), Blind Spot Monitoring is a nice double check. Relatively ergonomic controls, still evaluating fuel economy. Xenon lights

Keyless entry, push button start, and the blind spot indicators on the side view mirrors.

Push button start, sat radio, Bluetooth

Blind spot sensor, Xenon head lights, dual zone A/C.

Voice activated nav and bluetooth phone system, Sirius radio, rain- sensing wipers, blind-spot monitoring system, great seats, seat memory, proximity key, push button start, auto-dimming mirrors.

Manual mode.

I like the size of the interior and trunk. The styling has received much praise from friends and family. Fuel economy is good for a car of this size. Good power for a 4 cyl. engine. I enjoy the manual shift mode of the automatic transmission.

Blind spot monitoring, Bose sound system and advanced keyless entry system with push button start.

Bose sound system and built in bluetooth

keyless entry push start sexy sleek lines

Bluetooth, power driver seat, instrumentation panel, Blind spot monitor, overall look and feel of the car. 

The whole is equal to the sum of its parts. But if I had to pick just one, the 10 speaker 375 watt stereo is awesome!

Fuel information display.

Moonroof, Bose pushbutton ignition keyless entry

How fast the car looks (even parked!), exterior detail, nav system, sirius satellite, rain-sensing windshield wipers, blind-spot monitoring system, bluetooth, dual climate control, and lighting system all around.

Styling, interior quality of parts. Awesome features for the money.

Blind spot monitor, radio, handling, style, push button start, xenon headlights, leather/cloth seats, just everything.

Bose stereo, moon roof, ride and handling, space, strong and smooth engine and transmission. 

Everything

Blind Spot Monitoring is amazing! Had people back up and speed up so they could see the icon light up. Lively 4-cyl engine, great fuel economy. Stereo rocks, once you set the options. Bluetooth is great for taking calls. 

Interior styling and options. I like the front and side views. My wife likes the back. The drive is fantastic, optional sound is top drawer and the nav is the best we've had. Lighting at night is exceptional both inside and out.

Love the inside layout and Bose system. The car handles like your on a track without giving up comfort. The back with the cateye exhaust looks aggressive but stylish.

My favorite feature hands down are the Advanced Key and Push Button Start. I can let my front two windows down with the key. I can start my are w/o putting a key into the ignition. 

Bluetooth, navi, and sat radio very clear.

Keyless entry, pushbutton start, Xenon headlights, rain-sensing wipers, seat comfort

Look of the car body from the front, comfortable seats, great stereo system.

Keyless entry, electronic traction, stereo controls at fingertips, super economical 39 hwy/28 city, color, style, dashboard - lighting, the strategically placed headlights, the feel of the car when I'm sitting and driving, overall comfort! Security, did I mention that?

BT, blind spot monitoring system, good Bose system for once, new exterior.

Bose & moon roof package (worth it get it). Huge trunk. Great ride and handling. Fuel mileage

Leather interior, heated seats, Bose speakers, sunroof, auto lights and wipers (I could go on and on!).

Push to start. No fumbling to get key in hole. Huge backseats. Dual climate controls. Fuel economy. Nice big trunk. Blind-spot indicator on mirror.

The Blind Spot Monitoring is a nice feature, but takes some getting used to. I also like the blended cloth /leather seating with the conv. pkg. And as always the bluetooth is a nice safety feature

Retains the same agile handling and low torque as the old car. Remote key system, sound system, dual zone climate control.

Interior/exterior design, drivetrain combo is A+, Bose sound hits hard, the leather on the steering wheel and shifter has a nice feel, everything you touch feels substantial and of quality. You get a lot of car and even more, for the price!

Great new front end look, room enough in back seat for my 18 year old son, plenty of zip for a 4 cylinder.

Finally a car that bluetooth works perfect! Love the navigation & all it has to offer. The dimming mirrors are great & puddle lights. Way to many things to list that this car has to offer. Cars $20k more don't have items this Mazda has!

Overall styling, strong smooth acceleration, smart key, blind spot warning system, very comfortable supportive seats, nicely laid out dash board, level adjusting xenon headlights, leg room, welcome lighting from under both sideview mirrors, full safety features you would expect.

Aux for iPod and XM radio, dash lights, advance keyless (it's really freaky not taking your keys out), roomy.

Advance keyless, just pull the handle and its unlocked,get in push button and your ready to roll. Roominess. Standard traction,stability,and curtain air bags. 17inch wheels standard on i touring. True sport exterior design. Headlights at night. Wing spoiler.

Styling, handling.

Sporty and muscular looks, push button start, proximity entry, Bose stereo, auto sensing wiper, xenon headlights, BSM, stability control, moonroof, leather seats, welcome mode, great and sporty dash layout (controls are in the right spot) - very spacious and premium feel interior, lightings.

The drive/handling and the plethora of features. Oh, and it looks freaking great... gives an appearance of motion when standing still.



Overall design and look. Fun to drive. Smart key. Dash and instrument layout and color.

Everything is nice about this car, from the outside to the inside. It drives really nice too. Smooth and more then enough power to accelerate or pass other cars.

Everything from the outside to the inside. Just beautiful. Also, the driving experience of course.

Quiet Engine, Cool looking Dash, Bose upgrade system sounds great, Nav system and a very good option is the blind spot mirrors. Seating is very comfortable and leather seats are well made and not cheesy material lighting in the dash is really cool

 Interior design

Ride, V6 responsiveness, styling, tech pkg. w/voice activation, bluetooth, quality of interior/exterior, blind spot detection, xenon headlights. Sangria Red color for this model is deep and completes the sporty look. No creaking or popping noises in the cabin.

Keyless entry/start, Blue-tooth, Xenon headlights, exterior style/shape

This car has alot of power off the line and the Bluetooth phone system works great.

I love the interior and the exterior. The pushbutton and advanced keyless entry. The Bluetooth is great and the interior at night is cool.

Looks, ride comfort, performance for a 4-cyl 2.5l, great gas mileage, compliments. (I removed the badges and no one knows what it is).

xenon, audio, paddle shift

Front windows roll down from keyfob on a hot day. Appearance. Quiet and smooth on highway with remarkably low wind noise. Stability Control.

It is hard to really point out any one favorite feature on this car....So I will say everything about my Mazda 6 is Sweet.

The power, responsiveness,comfort on 600 mile driving days. The easily accessible, large trunk. The beautiful body and the excellent dash layout with the most intuitive readouts and controls I've seen. And of course, the BSW and total keyless system.

Xenon headlights, blind spot monitoring system, and blue tooth and bose sound system.

The Bose sound system, the sport manual transmission, body style, roominess, trunk space, Bluetooth.

Had to pick a favorite feature but find the blind spot warning in the outside mirrors a very helpful safety feature. The keyless entry and ignition are another of my favorites.

Power, sporty ride. Bose sound system / w Sirius. Appearance, this car gets lots of 2nd looks.

Body style, stereo, seats, driving position, steering wheel, floor mats included, mp3 player plug in.

My favs would be the overall appearance of the car, the perfectly placed controls, the compartments for all my accessories(ie. garage opener, bluetooth headset, glasses, gps, ipod, etc), and the OE Michelin MXV4's are really a smooth ride. Suspension is really good.

273 hp, keyless entry & start bluetooth, Bose 10 speaker surround sound mode, Xenon head lights, self dimming mirrors, and blind spot warnings are all great extras. Sunroof,power seats.homelink system 

push to start, keyless entry,huge trunk space 

Favorite Features: Surprisingly great 4- cyl pick-up. Super smooth ride (feels like it glides over the road). 17" Alloys. Keyless entry/start. Quietness & refinement. Roominess. That loud THUNK when you shut the doors sounds like a tank! Brilliant Silver Metallic paint very rich & sparkly.

Suggested Improvements

Blind Spot Monitoring is great. NAV and touch screen audio controls are very cool and easy to operate. Aero Dynamics on Moon Roof are solid. Hardly any wind noise when its opened. The combination of Trunk Space and Leg Room (we are a tall family of four) cannot be beat in this class.

Exterior design, smooth transmission, V6 performance, bluetooth, BSM, interior space, dual exhausts. Black exterior with cream interior, very sharp. Combination leather/cloth seats.

The Convenience package is one good deal for the money. My wife loves the Blind Spot and Bluetoooth features.

Large trunk, comfortable seating, sleek exterior

Styling, Sportiness, Bose Sound

Bose, BSM, lot of space in the truck and in the cabin, nice cabin, bluetooth, very nice looking car.

272 hp, 269 torque and 0-60 in 6.2 seconds. Keyless entry & start, bluetooth, Bose 10 speaker surround sound mode, Xenon head lights, self dimming mirrors, and blind spot warnings are all great extras. Sunroof, & 5 star safety rating in all five categories. 



Handling is outstanding; engine is responsive; styling is unique, rear seat comfort. 

Keyless entry, hands free Bluetooth, combination leather/cloth seats that cradle, sporty exterior and luxurious interior.

like the bluetooth, keyless entry (takes some getting use to),BSM, the abililty to open/close the moonroof/windows with the transmitter before you enter the car..the sporty feel but smooth ride...

Quickness and handling highlight the cars' overall attractiveness (for me anyway). Interior space (I'm 6'2, 210) and layout were well thought out by Mazda. The interior instrumentation and colors blend perfectly. The BSM system is incredible as is the Bose premium sound system!

Styling, acceleration, handling, smooth transmission with standard shifting option. Excellent options and five star safety rating in every category.

styling

Design. Transmission.

Auto-temp responsive, accurate; handling; ride; comfort; quietness; BT; HIDs; the car just feels 'right'

BSM, color (Red), styling, handling, keyless entry

The blind spot monitoring, hands free phone and Bose stereo...actually..the whole car!

Convenience package with blind spot monitoring, bluetooth phone/audio, rain-sensing wipers, and auto headlights. Interior quietness is great. Ride/Handling is excellent. Advanced keyless entry system + opening windows with key fob is awesome. Gas mileage around 26-27 with mixed city/highway.

- rain sensing winpers - blind spot monitoring - advanced keyless entry - bluetooth - xenon headlights - bose audio system - loads of trunk space (with 60/40 seat split) - top quality interior materials - extremely quiet inside the cabin - of course, handling is impeccable

keyless entry, push button start, bose, blind spot, interior lights, moon roof, spacious cabin, and neon lights

back exhaust , acceleration

Advanced key system, excellent configuration of controls on steering wheel, great power, excellent handling for its size, unobtrusive stability and traction controls, and plenty of space. Build quality of interior almost flawless and exterior styling smooth and unique.

Ride quality, quiet cabin, advanced keyless system.

Styling, sporty motor, space.

Speed, BT, Space, BSM.

Technical amenities and handling.

BSM, Leather wrapped steering wheel, Leather perforated seats, auto dimming mirrors, performance, bose, color, great user interface, easy to understand controls.

NAV, Bluetooth, Blind Spot Monitoring, Xenon Headlights.

Seat warmers,navigation system, sporty design.

Amazing number of features for the money! Loved: Xenon headlights, LED tailights, leather trim, adequate performance for the 4 cylinder engine, quietness, aggressive but nicely designed body.

Bluetooth phone system, Dashboard display. Keyless, push button ignition. Keyless entry.

Solid road feel, great handling, comfort on long drives

BSM, Handling, Quiet

Looks great (Sangria Red)Nice alloys, tires Very comfortable and quiet cabin Good gas mileage, especially for a big car Interior lights, controls, push button start Big trunk Lots of value for the money Great incentives offered including 0 financing Nice dealership experience

Very comfortable front and rear, high IIHS crash test ratings, great brakes, responsive steering, good sound system, many thoughtful little details - MILEAGE (23.4 in the city - no highway). Bluthtooth works flawlessly. Clear instruments though circles inside dials are little iffy at night.

Bluetooth, Sirius, Large Trunk

Memory seat setting. Tilt & telescopic steering wheel. Blind spot warning lights and sounds.

Keyless entry, Bose, BSM, huge trunk, user friendly controls, auto dimming mirrors, leather wrapped steering wheel,color combination comet gray(ext.)/light gray leather interior very pretty, handling dynamics....just about everything! 

Bose sound system, keyless entry with pushbutton start, quietness of interior, great seats, tilt/telescoping wheel, fuel economy, the way the car greets you with "zoom- zoom" message at start up, smooth ride with awesome handling, not seeing one everywhere like "Camcordtimas", but that might change:)

Body style and interior. The first trunk that will allow other people's luggage including my wife's!

6Speed manual transmission. Audio system and blue-tooth. Love the interior room. Vehicle avoidance system is a great addition. 

Strong V6, responsive transmission, handles well, fun to drive, BSM, exterior looks, well laid out interior, nice gauges, good brake feel, and nice feature content. 

Interior lights. Bluetooth. Exterior looks. Quiet cabin. Smooth handling. 

I like the look and feel of the car. Others include: zoom zoom driving, advanced remote, interior trim, interior and exterior lighting, turning radius, manual override, and cost of the vehicle. 

Blind spot monitoring, Sirius, bluetooth, nice Bose stereo, but by far the exterior styling, nice job Mazda

Style, handling, and performance are all great-esp for a 4 cylinder auto. Build quality is nice.

Handles nicely, great exterior design.

Love the BSM, love the push start, basically love just about everything about this car.

Exterior and interior design...I get a lot of compliments on this car. Zoom! The V6 is incredible and the handling is fantastic for this class. Bluetooth. I set this up very easily. Audio system plays MP3s off of a CD. Blindspot monitoring is a great safety feature. Controls on steering wheel.

No-key ignition, BSM system, the huge trunk!

My favorite features have to be the advanced keyless entry, push-button start, xenon headlights, bluetooth hands-free setup, blind spot monitoring (this system is surprisingly accurate and helpful), and the Bose sound system. I also love how customizable these options are to my preferences. 

Xenon headlights, electroluminescent guages, Bose sound, push button start, climate control, aux jack, trunk space, no rattles, upscale interior, BSM

Headlights, wipers, push button start, blind spot monitoring system and the price!

All of the above

Illuminescent instrumentation, classy exterior styling, fit and finish, notchy manual shifter, 4 cylinder power is excellent (about the same as my V6 Audi). 

Sexy look (black - with a spoiler), fun to drive, good mpg, very comfortable. I was astounded at how well it drove in winter weather - great handling, and I felt as safe as when driving my Jeep. I also love how it senses your hand to unlock the doors - no fumbling for keys in the rain :) 

Driving characteristics, smooth and predictable and powerful

Lane change, bluetooth, memory seat. The radio is nice to. Good thing beacsuse I doubt you could ever find an aftermarket radio to fit that kind of a space. I like the trip meter also, my Accord was lacking that.

Handling, interior and exterior looks, quality feel and smooth ride. Fun to drive

