My favorite features are the SYNC system and the satellite radio. I am on the road a great deal and they make the trip less fatiguing. I also like the great amount of storage throughout the interior, particularly the extra storage under the middle front seat. Also, lots of cup holders. 

Back-up camera, and distance sensor. Navigation, and sound system are first rate. 

Transmission, Sync, Leather

almost everything.

Overall comfort and ride. Really comfortable seats except for the silly headrests. The sync electronics better that the system in my wifes new lexus, can access phone info, ipod playlists, no problems.

Tall stance, big chrome, built Ford tough mojo and it drives great. The wife likes gettin' on the throttle for some beefy exhaust tones. That's what I'm talkin'.

Awesome Music, Sync. Nav, Weather display (needs loop display), interior quality.

- Power Running Boards - Microsoft Sync - I stream Pandora via Bluetooth from my Blackberry through the stereo and it sounds great. - 20" rims - they just look sweet. - Comfortable Air Conditioned Seats - no more sweaty back side. - Decent Fuel Economy for a big truck - Rear View Camera

Back Seats, very comfortable and roomy. Not much has put this truck apart from the rest except that this truck is well put together and all of its features are easy to use. It is just a well thought out (listening to its customers) truck.

The new guages look nice in the day and at night, the fuel mileage is incredible, the comfort is great and the build quality is top notch. 

Ride is super quiet and smooth. 

Sync, unbelieveable interior design, tailgate step, so quiet

hands-free audio and Bluetooth; flat floorboard and fold-up rear seat; air- conditioned front seats; great ride and comfort; new truck smell!!

Interior space, and quiet ride. Hauled a trailer and boat soon after purchase and the power of the truck was impressive!

The "SYNC" system is unbelievable. The room in the cab is almost as much as the "Super Duty's" The safety Ford built into this new 2009 is next to none. I also like the sound of the exhaust, Ford also redesigned this to make it sound throatier. The six speed transmission makes this truck jump alive.

Sync, Gas mileage, lack of road noise.

The comfort, quietness, hauling capacity and overall quality.

Deployable Running boards, heated and cooled leather seats, 10-way power drivers' and front passengers' seats, Rear view camera, fairly flat rear passenger floorboard, tailgate step, sits high for better road view, deep pick-up bed, more room in rear passenger area, 4WD, and new Royal Red paint. 

Everything is so much improved, but I guess the rear camera feature is my favorite. I back into my garage and it sure is nice to know how far away you actually are from the back of the garage.

big cab is nice, i like that I can see the altenator for any service later. son-of-a-pup sits real tall, like that.

Beautiful interior. Comfortable seats. Towing ability. Ride, fit & finish. Power running boards. Paint is flawless. 

rear camera lets me place hitch under trailer tongue without getting out of the truck.gas mileage and new design and features have really refined this truck.the trailer brake package is great and easy to adjust. the back up camera and warning alarm are great safety features

style, color, rear locker, saftey, SYNC

interior, navigation, fuel economy

luxury features,safety, Nav,sync and bluetooth great, auto running boards, slick tranny,fantastic audio system, great ride, steering ratio could be quicker. Rear seat legroom outstanding, but seatback a little too upright for total comfort. Build quality excellent-no squeaks- great deal,$10k off

power with milage 6 speed stereo styling road feel handling

Interior design (save for the head rest). All the little extras (memory seats, tailgate step, capless fuel tank) just keep making the truck more and more pleasurable to own.

Fully articulating 10 way seats for BOTH Driver and Pass (for those of us with bad backs, this is a must-have)- NAV, SYNC, Bluetooth, smooth ride, towing stability control. Extra sound insulation in Platinum works! Smooth 6spd, beautiful interior looks like it was designed by Audi- simply gourgeous!

TOWING ABILITY ( I need a good tow vehicle and I got it) SONY, SYNC, NAVI, SEATS, ELECT. DIFF, RIDE, HANDLING, BRAKES, SPRAY IN BEDLINER, So many nice features that my 08 BMW 5 driving friend copliments the interior. Rear view cam is great for trailer hooking. Oh, the best one, the Blue Ovals ;-) 

Better gas mileage, backup camera, easy to navigate in parking lots.

Front seats are incredibly comfortable. The other reviews with headrest concerns just haven't adjusted the seat properly or they're very short. I'm 6'2" and it's a perfect fit. The Rear View camera with range sensor is very handy, especially when someone walks behind you while backing up.

Solid, quiet ride, limo like backseat, beautiful interior, orthopedically designed, fully articulating front seats, safety features superior to anything out there; innovative features like tailgate step (great for people with bad backs),power side steps (Platinum only)

 

Extra room and the very improved gas mileage.

Safety sensors and the back-up cam are great! Excellent braking, traction assist is nice and crash test ratings look steller-don't want to find out.

Exterior and interior design (reminds me of a Lincoln inside), Sync technology, versatility of lexan- covered rear bed, comfort, huge rear seat/loading area, great looks. Excellent organization.

Comfortable, quiet interior, fantastic nav and stereo system.

Sync, Seat Comfort, Highway Ride, Off Road Ride, Quietness.

Great new styling; I love the architectural dash redesign! Sync is amazing! I didn't realize all the things it could do until the dealer demonstrated it. My Chevy had OnStar, which I liked a lot, but it didn't do all of these things. Wonderful leather in the King Ranch. Huge backseat area.

Sync virtually silent inside respectable mileage

Navigation Interior Heat and Cool Seats Premium leather

Seats, GPS, Senc, power, trans, value and quality. I traded in a Ford f350 diesel 4wd and was surprised at how well the truck had held it's value. Quiet and ride.

SYNC, dash layout, fuel efficiency

The grilel, XTR package is great. Quiet, extremely comfortable ride. It's a head-turner in black for sure. Can't wait to load 'er up for the dump in the spring!

New dash instrumentation, rear seat room, overall comfort, 6 speed transmission.

Everything! Sony sound, navigation, mega space inside, fuel economy. Best looking truck on the road! Tows like a champ, handles great, stops awesome.

Style, flex fuel option.

Back up camera and reverse sensors (safety). Seat comfort and design. Feels like your in a Super Duty but it is not as big and bulky. 

Everything, the 09 FX4 is laid out better than my 2004 Lariat was!

FX4 styling. Ride comfort, and the fact you feel as though you're in a Caddy.

Awesome Sony sound Sync and nav system. So comfortable. Driving to Virginia so easy with the beautiful interior. The FX-4 rocks...handles awesome, brakes incredible, trailer sway control, airbags everywhere, so many amenities, 6 auto trans, crew cab space with 6.5 ft bed. I can't say enough!

Great stereo, great supple ride, great towing, great heat, head turner, great for when I go to the cabin in southern Kentucky at Lake Cumberland. great for a commute to work, nice and comfy. What more could a guy want? 

