Seating for 3 passengers in the 3rd row (versus 2 in other crossovers) 2nd row console Navigation system and voice choice Cooled front seats Surprisingly tight turning radius Backup camera

Quiet Tuning, OnStar, and 2/3 row seating arrangements



nothing now with the smell

Navigation

Power seat, satellite radio, stylish appearance

Very comfortable seating. Overall style. OnStar/XM (free trials for both included).

Someone really did aa great job on all of the storage pockets. The 110 outlet is great for charging computer or phone (my daughter though she was going to be able to blow dry her hair...haha). I love the flat folding 3rd row seats. Easy! Lot's of room. Where has electric start been all of my life?

On-Star, Satellite radio, power tailgate.

Interior & exterior styling, remote engine start, back up camera with proximity sensors, passenger & cargo space, Onstar, and the hands free Bluetooth phone features.

All the Goodys! (DVD, Onstar, Bluetooth, Stereo, Rear View Camera,etc.)

Bluetooth, Onstar, extra seating, 5-star crash rating, dual sun roof (kids love this) and remote control hatch.

nice, clean cut

Articulating headlights are very cool on winding roads. This is a sharp looking car both inside and out. Lots of room. Back up camera and sonar is great. Bluetooth to phone is great.

Folding mirrors.electronic lift gate, airconditioned seats.

Smart Slide seats. Headphones for kids in back seat while watching DVD's Blue glow... Silly I know, but it makes me smile.

On Star (it realy is amazing what it can do) XM radio, Navigation, seating comfort, and storage room.

Love the Interior-Seating is perfect! No Road Noise! Better than our Lexus! I love the mirrors that retract. Trunk space is great once you put the 3rd row seats down. Automatic start is nice! You could sleep in this car! Dual Sunroofs are nice! Captain Chairs a must Color Backup in Mirror is Perfect

The ride quality and the comments I get from everyone who sees my Enclave...Onstar (lifesaver), Fuel economy, DVD headrests, Very happy with the entire vehicle!

Power liftgate, fold flat third row, easy glide access to third row, passenger comfort in all rows, dual sun roofs, sweet turning radius, AWD, turning xenon headlights, I have the cloth interior and it's very nice, inside is cavernous without looking like it from the outside.

Excellent Design. Paint finish outstanding. Very roomy. Technology and entertainment all easy to use and function very well too. 

We love most everything including Onstar. Have too as we keep our cars on average 10 years. I accepted the dealer's offer to take a tour of the factory and was mightily impressed with the way the cars are built and the technology that goes into not only the product but the production system.

Power telescoping steering, power lift-gate, dashboard storage, backup camera and sound sensors. remote start

Heated and A/C Seats, Navigation, Power Tailgate, DVD, 5.1 Bose Surround Sound, the functionality of the second row, remote start, color (Cocoa Metallic), Wood Trim, Sunroof, Second Row Skylight, Cargo Space in back (holds our hockey gear)

Remote cargo lift and start.

Exterior and interior fit and finish

interior comfort ans sound system

XM, backup camera, quiet ride

Interior space and comfort. Highway mileage (at 70 mph we get 25.5 MPG) is unbelievable for a vehicle of this size. Quiet ride and interior finish (nice bling)

Auto Start.Electronic Lift Gate.Bluetooth.

Bluetooth is awesome. You can pair 5 phones to the car. Automatically switches to the next phone if the primary on is not present. Turn by turn directions is a great feature. The center console in the 2nd row. Backup camera, and the articulating headlamps, which are so cool at night. Everything!

Drives like a car, has very good pick- up from a stop and rides very quietly on the highway.

Love all the "bling" (chrome) on the exterior, bluetooth, nav system, flat folding second and third row seats. Back up camera is very helpful. Interior is roomy and well appointed. Love the auto tailgate lift. I often notice people turning heads to check out the vehicle.

buick quiet tuning

Beautiful interior and quiet ride. Responsive handling.

Bluetooth; seating/cargo options - flat folding seats; quiet interior; and the way it drives - although it leads to a lead-foot once in a while. QA/QC in this car really shows.

Favorite features are sunroof in back that doesn't open. If i wanted it open I'd buy a convertible. Dash lighting, interior lighting, and steering wheel controls.

Suggested Improvements

Driver seat memory, Tri-Zone AC/heat. Beautiful interior. Backup camera. Auto liftgate

The navigation system and the heated seats.

Seat adjustments, headlights, 110V outlet, auto liftgate, bluetooth. Comfort, soundproofing and rideablity remind me of the heavier foreign cars I've owned.

OnStar feature allows the driver to press a button and tell the operator the address and they route you. The headlights allow for greater visibility. Seats have lumbar support. Third row seats fold down plus you have the trunk space. The interior is so quiet! Roomy cabin. 

Heated and cool seats, plus the bluetooth and backup camera.

Quiet and spacious interior, excellent build quality, elegantly beautiful exterior, sweet handling for a good sized SUV, and good mileage for an AWD.

Interior and the accessories are great. Cannot wait to take on vacation.

OnStar is awesome, heated and cooled seats, looks, fit and finish, articulating HID headlights, 

OnStar, XM radio, dual sunroof, power liftgate, DVD-kids favorite

Shifting is favorite for son likes manual shifting. The quiet is mom and dads along with sky views. Also the brakes work. Had to shut down hard in mountains 75 to 0 almost smoked the tires but they got us there. The Michelin tires run quiet. Also nice match up.

Extremely quiet and attractrive interior. Nicely appointed. Many nice convenience features. Very good ride and driveability. The turning radius is much better than I expected from a large front wheel drive vehicle.

Ride, visibility.

Third row seat. Gas mileage for this size vehicle. In head rest DVD/LCD screens. Overall fit and finish. Value 

Styling, liquid smooth ride, very quiet, great gas mileage for something its size, top notch materials in interior along with excelent fit and finish, and moving headlamps.

