The Sirrus Radio, Sunglass holder. 

- The I-4 with 174 hp is very nice. it has decent power and is very efficent. - Safety Equipment is very good. - Backseat is very nice and big. - I love the Style very modern! - The Brown is nice against all the chrome!

Excellent acceleration! Side mirror turn signals are over the top! Blown away by all the standard features on this 'base' model. Grateful for all the airbags, traction control, stability control & disc brakes on all wheels. Nice that split folding rear seat is also standard. Serius radio=nice touch.

n

The styling The mileage The handling

Navigation, voice command driven radio and navigation, excellent interior, heated seats, auto dimming mirrors heated mirrors, very modern styling. It actually came with extra lugnuts!! 10 year warranty

Performance and Style

climate control, navigation is amazing and radio really sounds great!

sat.radio, elect seats, telescopic and tilt steering, turn sigs in mirrors, aluminum alloy wheels. triponic transmission.

Leg room dash 

love the Infinity radio/navigation w/ sub woofer heated seats and general design

Smooth ride.

Power everything stand on this model. Windows, doors, both front seats, auto- dimming compass mirror; paddle shifters, audio & cruise controls all on steering wheel. Satellite radio. My black optima came with chrome door handles, window trim, and most exterior trim. 225/50R17 tires with alloy rims

Cruise control, tilt/telescopic steering wheel, A/C, spacious cabin, arm rest, cup holders, pwr outlets, susper radio and speakers, humungus trunk, very peppy off the line. Great gas mileage, sharp car.

Cruise control, ABS, Stability control, tilt telescopic wheel, steering wheel audio controls, ash tray, appearance, spacious trunk, ample back seats, headlights that throw light way down the road, visbility, this car has it all.

Styling, interior space, gas mileage, huge trunk, visibility, controls are easy to use and find. Smooth, quiet stable ride.

MP3 outlet, Serius radio (only 3 months though), looks SHARP in Silver! (I tinted windows too - very nice!), radio & cruise on steering wheel, glove box bigger then Sorento, good interior & trunk lighting, no attena to deal with, feels sturdy and safe. Overall GREAT car!

Heated seats turn signals on the outside mirrors. Leather interior and the sound system. 5 year road side assist and warranty. 5 star crash test 

Sharp edgy original exterior styling, the solid feeling of shutting the door (feels very quality) LOVE the lumbar support, very safe car, inexpensive, awesome sound system, powerful and fuel efficient engine, leather feels high quality, Sirius is really nice, the color is different and looks great!!

