Comfortable, love the satin mesai color (kind of changes from gray to blue to green depending on the light). Love the safety features and warranty, just in case.

Attractive, sporty look. Zips around town and pulls out onto the highway nicely (for a 4-cyl). Adequate gas mileage. Nice sound system. Good handling on winding roads. Confident, low-to-the-ground feel of the road. Fog lights. Roomy enough for occasional 5-passengers.

I?ve got the leather, sun and sound package on the base model. The 8 speaker sound is exceptional responsive. The heated seats, side mirrors and dimming rear view mirror are some of the features that I enjoy the most. Its SOCH MIVEC engine proves awesome low end torque and HP for a great drive!

Rear of the car. 

Rims, sunroof and seats are fantastic and it has a lot of "get-up-and-go" power.

I like the center dash, exterior design and wood grain accents. The stereo is pretty good and the seats are comfortable. I like the cloth seats in this car more so than Camry, Accord and Altima. The pearl white paint is classy. 

Comfort, acceleration, style, feel. Love sun roof. Audio system is wonderful. Don't use the GPS feature as we live in a small town, but can see where that would be helpful in a bigger metropolitan area. Overall, we give the Galant Sport V6 an "A". It's a real thrill to drive :-)

Strong MIVEC engine. Easy to use navigation system. Excellent audio system (Rockford Fosgate). Eye catching looks.



Incredible acceleration; it takes off like a rocket in both automatic and manual shift combo. Leather seats, steering wheel, and shift. GPS system with extra features. Fuel economy. 3.8L MIVEC engine provide low RPM cruising power, gorgeous stereo system with Serius Satellite, and truck space. 

Lots of head room and leg room, good sized trunk, good fuel economy, and mp3 CD player with good sounding speakers.

I love the sunroof and heated seats! I wasn't too keen on the sport wheels, but when my friends told me how sharp they looked I decided to keep them. I also really like the overall body design. It tickles me to see people's faces when I tell them it's not a Lexus.

Look for 09. Ton of safety features. Sound system is adequate (140w, 6 speakers with the Sport package). Reserved int and ext but different enough to stand apart from the other mid-size sedans.

6 months free Sirius radio, and the Rockford audio system is a great addition, and of course the smooth sound of the powerful V6 engine.

I love the sound system, heated leather seats, the room and comfort. I also love the drivability and the feel of the car. The car drives like a dream and is very reliable, with a great warranty to go with it.

Mivec engine, handling, comfort and gas mileage. Getting 35 MPG!

rear design , moon roof w/bug deflector heated seats radio controls on back of steering wheel instead of the front!

Heated seats, Stereo system, reliability

sun roof, instrument cluster panel, 

Engine, transmission, new body style, projector headlamps, interior comfort and room, 360 watt 6cd satellite stereo system, heated seats, nice wheels and goodyears with tire pressure monitors.

The seats and the interior, plus the tail lights look similar to the current trend.

