Fahrvergnuegen! Quiet and sexy car. Good pickup if you need it. Aux input jack in armrest. Awesome radio. Comfortable seats. Sun roof is wonderful. Child seats install easily. Lots of storage in the back. Synthetic oil requires oil changes only every 10,000 miles. Complementary courtesy check.

Hig MPG

good MPG, power when you need it, decent audio, reasonable performance. Leatherette is easy to clean, and is dog friendly.



Torque, cargo room, Nav radio sound is impressive. The HD radio is really nice too.

Handling, seats, cargo capacity. There are many cool features: radio goes back to a reduced volume after car is shut off and restarted, wipers occasionally move slightly at shut off to keep blades in shape, electric lock on fuel filler door, wipers go to intermittent at stop light, many more.

Plenty of torque, acceleration, heated mirrors/washer jets, no issues starting/ running in winter, ~600 miles per tank. 

Diesel engine, panoramic sunroof (which magically lets in light but not heat), durable quality interior materials, lovely paint color, cargo space

Torque, transmission, size and comfort.



Performance, quailty and cost to operate is the reason I decided to go with the VW TDI

Very comfortable front seats, quiet and well built.

MPG's, cargo space, lots of fun to drive, great panoramic sunroof

Heated Seats, Fast shifting transmission (see improvements). Wife loves the satellite radio. Of course the fuel economy is a big winner as well!!

Safety, Cargo Space, Performance, Carefree Maintenance, Driving comfort, Decent Mileage and Sound system.

I would imaging its the fit and feel. Huge trunk! Great Mileage! Good driver seat! Excellent Radio!

TDI engine and automatic transmission. Sporty ride and handling. Huge sunroof. Good sound system. Firm seats. Cargo space. Like the V-Tex.

Upgraded stereo is awesome! The sound system is great. The heated seats is also a good feature.

Solid feel, interior, full panorama sunroof, trunk space, seats

Every thing in that car is my favorite. Truck space is amazing and one click open.

All the little things VW puts in their cars that make them fun to drive. Sirius Satellite radio included with mine for free for 6 mos.



Manual shift. Tight suspension, fit and finish. Telescoping steering wheel. Quiet interior. 

V-Tex seating, heated seats, panoramic roof and most importantly the TDI engine! 

The exterior design is awesome. The stereo rocks. Very, very solid feel. Runs very smooth. Steering feel is outstanding.

Seats are snug and firm. Auto transmission is efficient and lets the car run near 2000 rpms Recently diesel prices have dropped below regular unleaded!!

The mileage is extraordinary. The ride is tight and solid. The interior is spacious, and the dash is very informative once programed - not hard. The heated seats are GREAT!

Mileage of course. Handles great.

Automatic windows roll up or down without having to get in the car, blinkers - when you tap they flash 4 times or so, interior dash lights - red and blue, trunk - spacious... 

Heated seats and mirrors an unexpected pleasure.

Spacious front and rear seating. Cavernous trunk. Great pickup and gas mileage. Love the satellite radio. Heated seats and spray nozzles.

This white Jetta Sportwagon is the appropriate image for our times. It feels right. You can have style for a good price with German engineering. Not everybody wants to go Japanese. 

Engine, ride, handling and looks. Well designed. Handles like a sports car.

6 speed, Rims, 2.0 Turbo, 

Handling, performance, and interior comfort at the right price. 

Sport mode transmission, marvelous mileage, superb handling. Materials are far superior to most Asian cars in its class. Lots of VW clubs and forums to make you feel part of a lifestyle. VW's have soul!

Sirius satellite radio, performance, 42mpg average 42mpg average 42mpg average 42mpg average 42mpg average, oh and 42mpg average!!!!!!!!!!

Handling, performance, style, cargo space.

Solid body structure, great balance of ride and handling, superbly responsive engine, and strong breaks. Very sporting (but not over done) styling with Salsa red paint. Visibility all around is excellent and interior styling clean and minimalist in character. Tilt and telescoping steering a plus.

Heated seats and sunroof are the best

Bluetooth phone add-on, Noise level lower than any diesel I've ever driven. Lots of power when I need it. Heated Seats are fantastic. Trunk space, plus fold down rear seats.

Too many great features to name. The sunroof will be great come spring. I also love the feature that opens the windows to let the hot air out. Sirius is awesome! My 2 Jettas are the colors of my favorite team, the Ohio State Buckeyes, go Bucks! We also love the free scheduled maintenance included.

Beautiful leather interior, smooth handling, lots of power from the 2.0 Turbo engine, very safe car!

Heated seats MP3 player adapter Large trunk Grocery bag handle in trunk Mileage Ride quality

Fuel mileage and the way the car handles. Euro driving fun on my ever shrink U.S. dollar.

The sunroof is great. And lots of storage compartments. And the safety ratings are high. Again, the TDI engine is really something. Lots of torque at low end for off the line acceleration. 

The 6 speed auto is fun though if you are fuel conscious you will not overly use it's sport feature, but man you fly when you do. Like the satellite radio, and the display is classic volks. Moon roof, cargo space, fit and finish with leg room to spare even in the rear seats. engine is mouse quiet.

panorama sunroof really brightens up the dark interior

Heated Seats & cold weather package, easy to understand controls, dials and buttons, lots of engine pep and great mpg! It is quiet and I haven't had any interior diesel smell. 

The performance of the engine and transmission, and its fuel economy. Easy to drive and park. Has a relatively small outer envelope but has all the room needed inside. Fit and finish are good inside and out.

fuel economy, satellite radio, lots of power, safety features, quiet ride, fun to drive

Sirius Radio, Great Gas Mileage, Small car with Great Room to haul stuff. Fold Flat Rear seats. Sunroof.

All-new 2.0T TSI engine with 200 hp; excellent 6-disc/Sirius/MP3 stereo with 10 speakers; no-nonsense blue/red dash display; quality interior; large cargo capacity; enormous moon roof; sporty styling.

The satellite radio option works well and is easy to understand. The FM radio band has the RDS (radio data system)feature, so song title and artist information appears on the radio display. This is a nice feature.

236 lb-ft of torque, 36mpg driving around the city, more room and much better stereo than my hybrid, driving position, DSG transmission is awesome, perfectly placed dead pedal, rich materials, huge trunk.

MPG, transmission, finish 

The muti-function display is great. Among other parameters it provides distance to empty, average mpg, and instantaneous mpg. It's fun experimenting with various throttle techniques and watching the instantaneous mpg display. With immediate feedback it's easy to learn how to maximize economy.

I'm loving the factory nav. It's a very nice system. I'm surprised at how much a like the satellite radio, it's fantastic. I'm still getting used to the automatic transmission after driving stick for 12 years, but having the tiptronic option is great!

Favorite feature: easy, the engine. It pulls hard from anything above 1500 RPM. Passing is a breeze. You get better mileage than hybrids and you don't have to sacrifice any performance. This diesel is a sports car to drive. 

Suggested Improvements

Large radio presets, short shifting Manual, spirited engine

Controls layout, COOL nighttime dash display, steering assist, 6-speed with 3 way options, lots of room for my roadbike in the rear without taking a wheel off the bike.

Favorites? Seating, instrumentation, build quality (everything lines up, inside and out), responsiveness, pull off the line, that great turbo surge when you tread on the loud pedal, quiet interior, and a nice, not hokey or overdone interior. Rear seats fold FLAT!

Suggested Improvements

Sunroof. Manual shifter. Allow wheels. Nice graphite blue color. The 2009 Jettas now have a timing chain instead of a timing belt. Fun to drive.

Great fuel economy, lots of room, sunroof, great stereo, safety features,steering wheel controls, fun to drive and sharp looking. Dash lights are really fancy.

Sirius radio, heated leather seats, computer display showing how much money you're saving driving a TDI. Audi-like quality.

The sunroof, Sirius radio, ipod adapter. The fact that the seats come up to lay the seats flat and the hidden storage under the gorilla mat. Great gas mileage and still have a fun driving experience. Also love the movable console as an arm rest.

All of it + the ipod hook up.

Handles and drives like a BMW, gets great MPG, panoramic sunroof is a nice option, Sirius Sat radio standard, rear passenger airbags standard, Wagen has great room for pets and cargo, wife loves the standard heated seats, TDI diesel engine is awesome.

Mileage, room, sunroof

MPG, Torque, auto trans multi modes, Audi like quality. 

the Sound system is fabulous, with 6 disc CD changer, holds up to 18 presets on the memory, comes with Satellite radio for 3 months, has an ipod adapter/jack, very comfortable, very fuel efficient. Fun car to drive!

Premium VII stereo package is pretty darned good for stock audio - solid bass and clarity even with windows down. Cabin fit-n-finish is excellent. Intelligent convenience features. Crisp, confident driving feel at all speeds. Really good driving position for me personally - car fits like a glove.

Large trunk, powerful engine.



Mileage. Diesel torque, responsiveness. Amazing 6 speed automatic transmission. This car is an engineering marvel. Stylish, comfortable interior with intuitive controls. Good passenger and cargo room. Good sound system with CD changer. Mileage of a hybrid with the fun of a sports car.

How fast the engine responds and how it handles.

power, rims, larger tire size, fit and finish, value, sunroof. too much to mention. 

Fuel economy. Placement of controls. Storage space for a car this size. Built-in 115V adapter and AUX-input.

Stealthy torque of the diesel. SUV roominess. Sporty ride. great mileage 

Seamless DSG transmission, incredible fuel efficiency, AWESOME sound system with MP3/6-CD changer, blue & red nighttime lights on the dashboard, leatherette feels like real leather (it's easier to clean), very high safety rating, 236 lbs. of torque at 1750-2750 rpm (that's ALL the time)! Amazing car!

Styling, interior lighting, performance, and so far the mpg.

Sirius Radio, the interior, and performance

Handling, torque, styling and very large trunk space (wife has hybrid Camry and this trunk is about 2x that)..

The power and ride. The extra 40 horses are appreciated.

Engine, DSG transmission, styling

Pano roof, tdi engine, one touch up down windows. Great 6 speed manual

ENGINE DSG, steering wheel controls, dashboard, everything, ride.

1) No trade offs. fast and fuel efficient. 2) The materials used are of good quality. 3) Free service first 3 years 4) High resale. 06 tdis selling for a little under their original msrp recently. 5) Transmission: It shifts well. 6) Folding Rear Seats 7) Stereo on loyal is great

increased torque - more room inside and in the trunk - increased mileage - improved sound system.

that sound system cant be beat, i mean its got 10 speakers, that diesel engine that is going to last forever, and the 50+ mpg



Great Engine, Superior Interior, Great Sound system, and still gets good gas mileage.

TDI engine torque, interior fit and finish, cargo room, leather interior (yes it does exist in Canada) 

This car is filled with great little features all well worth it, very well engineered. 

best clutch pedal feeling ever (smooth), 17" wheels, Sirius radio integration, MFD computer (that is accurate not 5 mpg off)

the power of the car for it's price and size. 

I love the basic sound system, the handling characteristics and the safety features which make this car one of the safest on the highway, also the Sport Mode in the automatic transmission can give the car a little extra "oomph" when it is needed.



Panoramic Sunroof, touchscreen audio and Nav system, USB media hub, great in the snow as well. Great power in almost all situations, fun!

The excellent fuel efficiency, the DSG transmission, quality construction, power windows & mirrors, decent handling, good sound system, the fold down back seat that increases trunk space, and the chrome grill is a nice touch.

everything

NAV System, 2.0T engine!

Everything...

European wagon style for few dollars

Nice look, inside and out. Good trunk space. Great handling and zip. Economical and socially responsible. Power outlet in back seat.

Smooth, quiet, powerful, and efficient engine.

German Engineering, sunroof, radio, mileage.

European Handling and Design. Low Road Noise. Great feature is every single button from windows, locks, etc. has lights for night driving. 

I love the tdi jetta and everything about it...EXCEPT...

LOVE THE CAR THOUGH

Styling; performance; cabin quality; good entertainment center

Solid build, nice style and surprising gas mileage 

Mileage,Nav system,Panorama roof

mpg, performance, comfort, looks

Responsive drive train. Great mileage and range. Superior handling. Comfortable well appointed interior. Good sound system.

Leatherette interior, radio, red interior lights, huge trunk

Higher MPG than my old car & price of Diesel is a no brainer. Sporty looking and my daughter loves the 52" sunroof. Definitely roomy for the kids & their stuff. Not noisy/smelly like the old diesel cars. Normal size spare tire. Navigation w/DVD player. Great response when taking off (Turbo)

Radio, outside styling, telescopic steering wheel, roomy interior.

Pano sunroof, gas mileage, turbo, DSG transmission, info display & my after- market Nav/Sound System (car did not come equipped with that item)

Turbo Diesel..powerful, smooth and efficient. German engineering, handling, and ride. Nice body style, good sound system, many small nice features and touches.

2.0T engine, dsg transmission,fit an finish and handling.

Launch control on a remote road, close ratio transmission, engine hp/torque for 4 cylinder, handles like its on rails.

Mileage of course. Handling. Aux plug fine for mp3/ipod, no need for ipod adapter.

Good mileage, fun to drive, very responsive



The POWER unlike my civic. I can finally not ride in the right lane going 50 trying to get up to the mountains. And I love the interior, the leatherette seems really classy. The sound system is sooo good.

Sound system, safety features, interior lighting

Gas mileage, acceleration, good looking car. 

TDI engine, DSG transmission, fit and finish

Brakes, satellite radio, seat comfort, heated seats, sunroof.

Standard moon roof, 6 disc CD, huge trunk space and comfortable seats. I love the interior design and especially like blue instrument lighting. It is very easy on the eyes. Like Passat and CC, the Jetta has smooth acceleration. Altima w/ CVT didn't seem as smooth to me and was louder.

Volume control on steering wheel, Sirius radio, mileage, Interior design

The DSG transmission is fantastic and fun to drive. In sport mode it's really fast, but I usually keep it in D for better mpg. Downshifts while breaking on downhills. Fuel mileage is awesome. Rated at 30/40, I average 38 in mixed driving, and easily get 44 on long trips. Sirius Radio

 Fun to drive; great people and artwork hauler, great road cruiser; Panorama sunroof

Economy, the six speed manual transmission. Power, comfort, loaded with standard items you would pay extra for in any other brand. Room for 4 adults. Handling Safety. Anti-thief devices. Clean uncluttered look. Ride comfort.

Handling. MPG. Styling

RNS510 Navigtion, IPod integration

Styling, quality, and safety features.

Styling, performance, and MPG.

Engine, handling, goes up a hill unlike the Japanese sedans Minimal electronics how I like it. Drives great in the snow - so you don't need the A4's quattro AWD - the transmision is great allows you to slow down without using breaks. 3 year Maintenance coverage free 

One of only a couple of cars that offer good MPG, a manual transmission, and luxury options. Huge trunk. Nearly perfect all around vehicle.

Very quiet, turbo sounds cool

Handling, intuitiveness, option to go stick, and milage.

DSG transmission. I'm told that gear shifts take place in 8 milliseconds. A/c power outlet. Sound System.

Sunroof ,mileage, ride, nice interior design and exterior.

Torque!!! DSG automatic gives me enough of the manual characteristics to not feel too bad about skipping the manual so my wife could drive my car. Gas mileage averages about 36 mpg since I do mostly city driving, but on the open freeway, 45mpg is easy.

Sat. radio, the red and blue displays, trunk liner, trunk entry from the rear seat. 

diesel, panoramic roof, radio, seats, DSG, mpg



Power and mileage

Turbo and transmission go hand in hand.

Mileage and style,comfort

none

Power outlet to charge gizmos

Firm ride, great comfortable seats, plenty of interior room, satellite (Sirius) radio, automatic temperature control for the air conditioning / heating.



Rear seats lay down flat so I can get all my camping/fishing gear in with room to spare. Lots of power to get up to the mountain lakes.

Sport mode, DSG transmission, bbs wheels, amazing trunk space, price, handling

Up to 50 MPG on the highway so far! Good safe and comfortable eco-friendly car without shouting "I am trying to be eco-friendly"! Sirius Radio, Heated seats, I-Pod hook up, big trunk.

Economy, Steering, handling, ride, comfort, performance

DSG tranny, fuel economy, seats, radio, ride. Dealer service at Hermancook VW

Acceleration, Sat. radio (sounds pretty good to us especially the sat), heated seats, 3yr 36K free service, no tune ups - ever, sunroof, driving it, the ride and of course the MPG

Quiet engine, even quieter than the gas during normal acceleration. Got 40mpg on the only tank I used before trading back to Sonata. That was 200 miles hwy and about 300 city. 

MPG, solid feel, and the fact reducing my carbon foot print on the environment $$ Tax savings :))

ESP, apparently standard on all 2009 VW models, is great! The sensors adjust tire rotation when one wheel slips (in winter weather, for instance) and synchronizes rotation to improve traction or it will apply slight breaking pressure to the wheel if slipping when accelerating to provide stability.

Great stereo, fit and finish is out of its price range. Wheel has a nice heft in character with the torquey motor and stiff suspension. Very little body roll on a turn. Storage and seats are well thought out.



Fit-and-finish, satellite radio standard, information system display, turning radius, safety ratings, gas efficiency, long-term engine life, V-Tex "leatherette" seats

Panoramic moonroof, DSG transmission, stereo, German ride qualities, safety features, Diesel MPG, DVD/Nav, cargo room, 3-year free maintenance

TDI TurboDiesel is amazing. And so far I love the DSG transmission. It's the best of both worlds. Expect an easy 45 MPG on the open road if you keep your speed down to about 60.

Heated seats, Lots of power, comfortable, lots leg room, big trunk, looks great, awesome gas mileage, plenty of options to choose from. Love our Jetta TDI

