Usable space, gas mileage, low cost, electric windows and door locks, radio and CD player, OnStar, good automatic w/cruise, *acceptable* engine performance, warranty.

Interior design and color. Ride height. Simplicity under the hood. Price. Number of airbags. Ease of changing engine oil.

Interior & Exterior Features, I like The compact look of the car.

Sun roof, deck with the aux port for Ipod, rims and the size of the car.

Looks are very nice.

Good looking, handles with ease, very surprisingly comfortable ride, fun to drive ... just nifty.

sunroof keyless entry

ride is better than expected.

AUX input on stereo, sunglass holder

Big side windows no blind spots. Seats are comfortable.

I love the onstar, ill probably renew it, I like the leatherette seating and its very roomy, im 6,3'and 300 lbs a big guy and its plenty of leg shoulder and head room. It doesnt really seem good on gas but who knows, I cant tell, I do a lot of driving and I feel like im always putting gas in it

Small; it seems to handle(cornering & maneuvering) quite well; headphone/MP3 input jack; extra 12V port; twice-folding rear seats; decent get-up-&-go when you get above 3500 rpms; roomy; the mpg potential with mods ^_^

love on star

More room inside than you would think. 

The 1 year of Onstar is fantastic and after messing with the radio for a couple of days, it sounds quite good. I have no optional equipment but the mp3 jack on the radio works wonderful for my Ipods. It is quite roomy but I'm short.

The sound system is very good. Styling gets a lot of compliments. Aluminum wheels much nice than hubcaps. Gauge cluster is nostalgic and very nice.

The premium radio is worth every cent ? get it!

Interior, color, sound system

OnStar (of course), adult sounding horn, visibility, simple lay-out, plenty of interior room, pedals are well placed, quick for an econobox. Redesigned interior won't look as dated as the old circle design. Standard radio is alright but the rear speakers are going to need replacing.

The OnStar system which also has a hands free phone system. Stereo has six speakers, auxillary jack, and 180 watts of power. Ease of entry, hardly need to bend to enter or exit. Nice looking interior, albeit mostly plastic. Overall my Aveo has been a pleasant surprise.

