Gas mileage: currently averaging 39+, Aux input, rear seat alternatives; Honda name for reliability.

installed moon roof, standard shift, navigation system

Fun to drive, sporty, ipod usb, great stereo, rear seat versatility & storage box, great mileage, easy to wash. Nice accessory options, all weather mats.

Gas mileage between 35-41! GPS is fabulous: easy to use, finds great restaurants, will never be lost again. Love seat flexibility: lifting seats for extra hauling space is so easy; yet laying them flat is great to take animals and gear. Steering wheel controls keep eyes on road if using radio etc. 

Space, comfort, the speakers, usd port, compartment. Ac. Everything!

I love the expanse of the windshield, the paddle shifters, storage pockets, drink holders, hidden storage compartment under rear seat, spunkyness of the 4 cylinder motor.

Fuel economy, interior design and cargo accessibility, good handling (except during high-speed hard braking).

Love the ipod connection. Stereo more than decent. So much interior space, and those magic seats truly are magic -- especially when buying tall plants. How can you not love that mpg? Rear wipers automatically come on when in reverse (it's the little things that count!).

Dash!

Lots of pockets and cargo space. Magic seats and headrests are awesome! Very fun to drive.

Visibility, fuel economy, nimble handling, versatile seat configuration, USB connection, safety ratings. Quieter than the 07-08 models.

Fun to drive, gas mileage, versatility, rear windshield wiper, room, GPS, gas mileage indicator, dual dashboard glove compartments, magic seats.

Look and feel.

I really like the USB port. I can store 80 albums of music on a jump drive and control it all from the head unit. Really convenient. Lots of storage and space for STUFF. Great car for road trips. And the fuel mileage is excellent; best I've seen besides a hybrid.

iPod direct connect, great visibility while driving, gas mileage, huge storage with fold flat back seats, cool appearance

Paddle shifters, audio system, handling

Flexibility and gas mileage. 

Fuel mileage, interior design (especially those magic seats), large windows, spacious interior feel.

Tight steering, cornering, and handling; folding rear seats.

Mpg gauge. It gives an estimate of how much fuel I'm burning. As a result, I am fine tuning my driving habits.

By far the back seat versatility. Lots of usable cargo space. Actually got 40mpg on highway with cruise control feature. Convenient double glove box. FAST heater in winter.

USB connection provides iPod charging - plus menu and control thru the in- dash Nav's touch screen. Cargo volume is amazing. Comfortable seating for 4 large adults. Fun to drive in the twisties. Zippy looking.

Body styling, safety, handling, fuel efficiency, copious interior storage space, Honda's reliability, value for the buck.

easy handling, many cup holder, spacey trunk. 

5 speed manual transmission is smooth and fun. The exterior styling is great and I love the dash layout.

Good gas mileage, lots of airbags, great storage options (I'm an aspiring urban farmer, and serious storage matters), I anticipate this will be a reliable car for many miles.

It's a Honda and they make great cars. I love the hatchback, huge windshield, how the seats configure, and gas mileage is amazing. It has a nice style too.

Extreme cuteness of the exterior styling, great mpg, price, visibility (much better than Prius or Insight out back), regular gas, sliding leather armrest accessory, easy to park in city, handles and accelerates fine for normal, sane people.

Fuel economy! The EPA numbers are WAY off. The only way you can get a Fit to record such poor mileage of 27 city/33 hwy is to constantly shift at redline and drive 90 mph with the A/C on full blast on the highway. Under "normal" driving conditions the gas mileage blows the EPA numbers away.

Great looks for an economy car. I would have preferred that they eliminate the fabric on the top portion of the doors though. I expect that it will not hold up as well as the vinyl on the rest of the doors. Also even if it cost a little more Honda should make floors mats standard.

MPG, very fun to driving handle, spacious, love the magic seats, tall ceilings, paddle shifters, MP3, USB, 10 cup holders, extra glove compartment on passenger seat, 5star crash rating, cockpit-like view, limited blindspots, perfect cell/iPod slot, great stereo system sound, very sporty,interior room

Sips gas, roomy & comfortable interior, fun to drive, panoramic view from anywhere inside, quality built inside & out, "magic" seats fold down flat, nice 4 speaker stereo, telescoping steering wheel adjusts for my 6'6" body, seats contoured & comfortable and adjustable for tall guys, lovely car.

Exterior design, headlights, nav, seats, interior space, remote start, alarm system, visibility, anticipated mileage.

Smooth shifting manual trans, accurate navi system, stability control, comfortable front seats, magic rear seats, quiet ride for an economy car, tremendous storage with rear seats folded, great ergonomics, and of course fantastic fuel economy. It's a lot easier on the eyes than the 07/08 model too.

Paddle shifters, seats design/height, ease of entry, virtually no blind spots, fighter plane visuals for open feel, responsive, agile, versatile, wins over full size pickup driver, MP3 capability, back seat comfort, ease of maintenance for the normal engine items.

Handling+steering response, stiff sporty suspension, stereo, visibility, mileage and edgy styling.

The exterior is cute.

Dash, sightlines, fold flat seats. 

Handling, acceleration, smoothness of the clutch/shifter, interior room, fuel economy, stereo system on Sport.

Hooking up the iPod, cup holders, magic seats, mpg reading, VSA, Honda reliability, nice sound system

Interior, dash, ease of shifting between gears, great gas mileage

The cargo room made available by the back seats design.

Handling / fun to drive, big inside / small outside, exterior (Storm Sliver) and interior styling, flexible seating, gas mileage, blue lighting for instrument panel, placement of all controls makes everything easy to reach, outward visibility.

Redesigned interior, new colors, navigation, improved sound system, seat covers, more powerful engine but has even better gas mileage than the old Fit.

Magic seats. Cool colors (I have the orange color which is gorgeous). Abundant cup holders. Great handling and mileage. Small size fits in tight parking spaces. 

Magic seats, USB stereo, visibility, fuel economy, handling, storage space, standard ABS, airbags everywhere.

Feels and looks roomy on the inside, plenty of cargo room. Has a sporty feel to the shift and handling on turns, although won't be mistaken for an S2000. I enjoy driving this car.

Power, small size, fuel mileage, fun factor.

Cool console lighting, stereo system, seats, interior, exterior, wheels, cup holders galore! 32-36 mpg in city.

Exterior and interior styling.

Oversized sideview mirrors, autodoor locks, nav, telescoping steering wheel, buttons on door/steering are lit at night, 10 cupholders, great mileage with regular unleaded fuel

User friendly controls. USB input. Cargo options. Love the exterior look. 

I love the addition of the map lights! I desperately needed them. I love the meter that tells what your MPG is. I love the iPod integration. 16 inch wheels The smooth ride. Flexible storage flat headrest. Active head restraint added.

Short seat and straight back of seat. Triangle windows.





Handling and responsiveness. Safety. Handles several music media formats.

Interior volume. Magic seat. VSA system. Exterior styling. Projected resale and reliability. Visibility. Tight steering. Safety rating. The fuel economy meter is an excellent idea, unfortunately is it quite inaccurate, optimistic by about 15%.

Aerodynamic design, fuel economy, reliability record, amazing amount of space for such a small car (!), fun to drive.

Good trunk space. Lots of cup holders. USB connection. Telescopic adjust steering wheel.

Unbelievable "roominess"! Great visibility and not bad styling to boot. Good mileage, great fun to drive. Hauls, hauls, and hauls stuff and more stuff

Overall concept and execution is superlative. Interior space and flexibility, gas mileage, and handling are highlights. Best radio I've ever had too. The thing is put together like a fine watch.

Handling, folding rear seat, great radio... able to use flash drive which can store a LOT of music, sips gas!

Navi, USB interface, visibility, front seats, cargo capacity, exterior styling.

Sporty steering wheel, blue-lit dash, usb connector, magic seat. The interior design with high roof makes it seem like you have tons of room.

Fuel economy, style, interior comfort and safety are great. The radio is the best I have ever had in any vehicle. Room is spacious, engine smooth and efficient, pickup and braking are great, too. Paddle shifters are fun! I can't find anything wrong with this vehicle. It joins a 2002 Chevy Impala.

Gas mileage; dashboard gauge lights; roomy interior; paddle shifters

Spacious, economical, versatile, smooth riding, quiet, and reliable. Great visibility even for the stature impaired. Lots of standard safety features.

MPG

Size, color, overall exterior look.

iPod can be controlled from the radio controls. Quiet. Feels like it's on rails going around the corners. Sporty leather steering wheel. Comfortable seats, even for tall drivers. Plenty of headroom. Practical hatchback design. Somewhat unique copper color. Glad I didn't buy another Accord.

Gas mileage, iPod integration, exterior design, folding rear seats, cargo area, visibility from driver's seat, great A/C, MPG indicator (though it reports about 4 MPG higher than actual)

Opt for the sport model for extra features and handling.

Great stereo, fit & finish, quality look and feel, the dash and lots more!

Handling, mpg, practicality, USB hookup

Shifters, USB, room for my 6'2+ frame

My favorites would be that the speedometer averages your miles per gallon for you when you set your trip. The Aux jack and compartment where you store your ipod but control from the stereo system. ALL THE SPACE..

I thought I would get good gas mileage. Never getting more than 22 combined. Transmission won't shift into anything above third

A lot of space, comfortable seating, great gas mileage, fun to drive, nice display lights, cruise control, Magic seats, and bright headlights. Averaging about 42 mpg during my first 700 miles (~60/40 and 55 mph on highway), although it is easy to speed.

Navi - great ride much smoother than the 07 FIT. More stability when going fast. The exterior is much more designed and sleek.

Mileage, space, comfortable seat design, great radio, fun to drive

Ipod hook up, 10 cup holders, high ceiling that accommodates two bikes standing up, easy to flip seats

high mpg, interior space, overall interior/exterior design, fun-to-drive factor

Head room. Stylish gauges. MPG. Never exterior design.

Love the mpg readout. Of course the "magic seating" is great. Generally has much better performance than I expected for such a small engine.

back seats are flat when down, leather steering wheel (also telescopic, and tilt feature) arm rest, fog lights, radio, speakers, seats, 10 cup holders. The fit just has clean lines inside and out and love all the features.

Sound system, MPG, fit and finish and that traditional Honda reliability.

Cruise control, paddle shifters, interior size, practicality, awesome looks, safety features, cargo space. The other day i fit a sit and stand stroller, 5 large bags of groceries and a 2 gallon jug of juice in the trunk. I could probably have fit another 3 bags and a small pet back there too. 

Ipod connectivity. I like how high up you sit to. The seats to. I love how much stuff i can fit in it.

Design, Fit and Finish, Driving Characteristics.

Too many to choose. The "Magic" Seats. Well thought out storage (i.e. multiple glove compartments & hidden storage). Great MPG. Have been averaging 33 in mixed driving on 50 miles per day commute to center city. Fairly aggressive/sporty styling. Yellow turn signals on rear of car.

Easy ingress and egress. (I'm 6'1" 240#). All the money I saved NOT getting a Prius! Paddle shifters are fun.

Easily adjusted seats, space, sound system, view, comfort and gas mileage

Mileage Comfortable Seats Passenger room Cargo Room Magic Seats USB iPod and Flash/thumb drive support Gauge cluster illumination Tidewater Blue Metallic color is fascinating Handling No blind spots Oil Life Indicator. Very cool. Look it up.

Gas mileage, comfort, style, all around perfect car for our needs.

Engine and transmission are matched perfectly, power is always available. Interior room and utility, is great, an amazing amount of room to carry nearly anything. The bucket seats are near perfect in comfort, even on long trips. Very tall 6.5 Ft and very short 4.11 Ft folks are comfortable. 

Comfortable seats, Telescopic Steering, Cargo and Handling - excellent gas mileage - Everything - Even the color is beautiful Tidewater Blue - real sporty looking with the spoiler and alloy wheels.

Clean, modern styling. Space efficiency. transmission, ride, handling. Fit & Finish. Stereo & Ipod connection (great location in glove compartment). 40+MPG on highway. Live MPG readout on dash. Sports mode & paddle-shifters. 

Manual shift is very smooth, engine noise is fun to hear. Seats are very comfortable, visibility is awesome. Even windshield wipers seem well- thought out.

The miles per gallon have exceeded my expectations. The exterior looks make me smile. The radio/cd aux inputs are up to date. I like the varying seat configurations. The driving visibility is great.

The entire interior (is that a feature?)

Navigation system, paddle shifters, sporty styling, mileage, tilt- telescopic steering, versatility (cargo configurations), fog lights, and safety features (airbags, Electronic Brake Distribution, Vehicle Stability Control and ABS).

Fuel economy , exterior styling and handling .

The handling is great. I love the seat versatility and the optional trunk cover. The sound system has great speakers.

dash design, mpg, exterior looks, 10 cup holders, ease of driving

Big airy feel of the interior, great gas mileage, all that cargo room with the back seats dropped down. 

Design, sound, HONDA!, comfortable driver's seat, and fun to drive

Fuel mileage feedback. My wife and I are reporting where we stand after each drive. Every car/truck should have this.

The seats folding down in a second,more space in the trunk and front seats giving more support. Layout dash and easy big buttons. More storage also for drinks.

Mileage and spaciousness

You name it and it will be one of my favorite. I just don't know.

Love the surprising amount of cargo room. The magic seat in the back is amazing, and I love the USB jack in the glove box. Great gas mileage. 

Suspension, Mugen add ons for 09's, light weight, roomy, MPG, and quality build. Most of all fun to drive. 

Most reviews here highlight everything well: you buy a Fit for superior engineering, reliability, and fuel economy. On top of that, the cargo space and interior versatility are unbeatable. The sound quality of the speakers is a surprising bonus, and it is nice to have a full array of airbags.

Great gas mileage. Stereo with USB connector for IPhone. The blue lighted dashboard makes it easy to see during the day and looks neat at night. With the magic seats, got enough room for my dogs.

'Magic' seats fold up and down, totally flat. iPod hookup in separate compartment.

Although the sport model was quite a lot more than the base, I chose it because it had remote locking, cruise control and of course it looks really cool. The magic seat is a very nice feature too. Good gas mileage.

Stable ride, agility, fuel economy.

Aux jack, AC in base model, endless pockets/cupholders, seat system, headroom.

Lots of room, excellent MPG, nice stereo system with USB port for flash drive. 

Handling Acceleration Comfort Quality Reliability

Stellar MPG, impressive exterior styling, historic reliability, and so very practical.

10 cup holders... wow. Radio is great. Economy on fuel is incredible. Quality is excellent, as is the feel of the car. Engine is super smooth. I can't even tell it's running most of the time. Great fold down seats.

MPG, handling, upgraded interior is NICE

The suspension. It felt like it was race tuned (Having driven in a BMW 745LI and Jaguar XK7). Doing 70+ this car can handle it.

Flexibility of the rear seats. In addition to CDs, plays PC cards and flash drives, Ipod, etc.

Peppy engine, colors, safety :) and it's unique size and look.

Interior is very roomy and when you put the seats down you can fit just about anything into it.

VSA, steering response, integrated iPod, nice-sounding stereo, good visibility with no blind spots, lots of cup holders.

Style, and fuel usage.

MPG, great looks, great sounding stereo

Design: space, vision, utility.

Looks, Navigation built in, Ipod interface with radio, fold down seats. fold flat passenger seat. Many cupholders and side pockets.

mpg :), peppy engine, cargo room, looks, stick shift, mpg and mpg

Comfort, space, mpg's, stereo, dash and quickness. 

cup holders galore, the front dashboard all decked out with fancy trim, the design of the windows in the front dash area, The design of the exterior is so gorgeous, color selection is fantastic, GAS MILEAGE, add the armrest feature, MP3 player/stereo

Nice loose steering wheel. Cup holders are everywhere. The rear seats fold up AND down. Simple choices for the types of Fits offered. Fuel economy.

Interior space... Fits 5 adult males comfortably. Back seats are easy to fold down. Great gas mileage.

The magic rear seats are ideal for cargo. I carried over 500 pounds of water softener salt and drinking water without trouble. Ipod/USB interface works great, but speakers are so so. Combined fog light + low beam illuminates the night road well. I like large side mirrors.

Fold down rear seat and cargo area. The car feels larger inside than it looks on the outside.

Looks, space, audio, agility.

Large windows and spacious interior.

Power/acceleration. Fuel economy. Great fun to drive.

Fun to drive. Good balance between fuel economy (35 mpg so far) and performance. Feels like a "real Honda," unlike the current Civic. Aggressive gearing with the stickshift means it never feels underpowered. Costs less than a Kia Soul, and rides & drives much nicer.

Gas mileage, magic seats, visibility, manual trans is SMOOTH, interior refinement for price, dash/instrument cluster, price, nice ride.

Convenience of controls,all within easy reach. Tilt/telescoping steering wheel. Roominess for a small car. Decent riding comfort. Economical.

Spacious interior design, folding seats, latch system for carseats, high MPG, MP3/WMA CD player, hatchback, no major blind spots, safety ratings, low total cost to own, extra glove box

The utility aspect of this car is great. The hatchback provides easy entry w/ push-down back seats for more storage and push-up seats as well for taller objects such as plants and shrubs.

the controls on the steerin wheel, big mirrors, mp3 stero.

Reliable, Good gas mileage and tons of space.

Interior room, versatile rear seats hatchback, fuel economy and It's a Honda.

Fuel economy. Sporty handling. Interior room. Overall quality. Voice activation on Nav system. Excellent radio reception both AM and FM. Ability to store lots of stuff right in back of driver using magic seat. Fits in tiny parking spaces. No major weaknesses.

Steady ride and good gas mileage.

Firm suspension, quick steering, slick shifter, overall design, dash lighting & knobs, big outside mirrors, wheels, fold up & down rear seats, and mileage.

No blind spots. 160-Watt am/fm/cd 6 spkrs MP3/Windows Media Playback capability, paddle shifters.

Love the sporty steering wheel, love the i-pod usb port in the hidden upper glove box, love the panoramic view out all the windows, love the roomy interior! Love the sporty exterior!

Steering Wheel, ride, visibility, utility, mpgs, interior size, small exterior size, seats, chromed factory wheels, only one service visit in a year!

I ADORE the real-time mpg indicator as well as the average mpg indicator. Get close to 50 mpg on highway at times(!) and a tank is averaging 32-35 mpg (when dividing it out manually). Use the cruise control every day. USB drive is fantastic. All my friends are jealous! Also like the RPM gauge. 

Fun to drive, paddle shifters, roominess, navi, style, sewing machine motor, a mini-mini van, more money in my pocket, Car and Drivers 10 Best, IIHS Crash tests results=GOOD, Vehicle Stability Control in case I make a mistake driving. Great insurance rates. 

Good fuel mileage (averaging 33 with high of 43 and low of 25). 10 cup and bottle holders (very handy). The "magic" back seats are great (lets you carry tall items). Extremely maneuverable and easy to park (short turning radius). Relatively quiet. Everything works like it should.

Instrument layout, color (blackberry pearl), very stable traction for a small car, decent gas mileage

It is a well designed driving machine.

Style, inside and out. MPG.

Outstanding handling/performance- Pretty fun to drive- Spaciousness- Looks cute and beauty both in/out- The most important thing: Superior Fuel Economy (Exceeded EPA Rating). 

This car mpg. feature is very helpful in showing people how they can adjust their ways of driving and help your wallet and environment at the same time. This car was rated 1 out of 37 in one of the testing groups and deserves it. I wished the carpeting was a better quality though.

Good interior. Superb visibility. Great steering and handling. Spacious inside for such a small car. Paddle shifters.

Blue illuminated gauges are very stylish, the USB plug, Magic Seats, the design, the average MPG gauge (it's addicting to try to beat it), according to the gauge, I'm averaging 42.1 mpg (I'm at 400 miles right now), there are so many different things that are great, you just have to find your own!

Excellent handling/performance. Roomy inside- Beautiful interior design- Do not feel bad road noise as rated by many others, even with a speed of 80/85 mph. Feels great and comfortable when getting in and driving.

* The manual transmission wants to be shifted and shifted often. * When driving you don't feel like you're in a sub compact. Can't believe how much room you have. * The folding seats are so easy to use * The dash is in a nice blue light with no split tier dash like the civic

Looks, handling, MPG, cargo space, seating capacity.

It's cute and fun to drive - a happy car that makes other drivers happy, too. And it's a Honda, so it will doubtlessly be cheap to service and as dependable as night and day.

Beautiful interior. Comfort seats. Great handling. Roominess. Exceptional fuel economy. New EPA rating should be 35/45/42. 

Exceptional fuel economy - Beautiful interior - Looks sporty outside - Excellent visibility/handling/performance - Paddle shifter on steering wheel - spaciousness inside - My two 6 foot girls are sitting on rear seat comfortably.

Fuel economy and quality of construction

USB audio jack, outstanding interior space and flexibility, quick handling, comfortable seats

configurable space, fun to drive, decent gas mileage, good crash test ratings

This car is just a blast to drive! I wake up every morning looking forward to my drive to work. I dart in and out of slow moving traffic with ease. The car has one of the quickest steering ratios in any production car (12.7:1) & great feel. The brakes work very well too (despite having rear drums).

Really love the exterior styling. Of course the versatility of the back seats/cargo area. Front seats are very comfortable. Honda build quality is excellent. Great gas mileage. Fun to drive.

Cargo capacity handling gas mileage.

Ironically, the IPOD connector followed by the cargo space and functionality of the Cargo space and paddle shifters.

Visibility, "magic seats," A/C solid, stereo superb, still 43 MPG average, NO quality issues anywhere, either inside or out, air bags all around, fun to drive, handicap accessibility and wheelchair stowage, blue light backlit instrumentation at night, service due dash indicator reminder. Wonderful!!

Gas mileage. Roominess. Drivability.

Cool look

Love the digital dashboard gauges, cruise control, driver armrest, and the fold down seating in the back gives you great hauling room or a place to transport you dog.

Storage, Gas, Mileage, Design, Agility

Interior space can be reconfigured creatively and easily, excellent crash test rating, decent stereo, small and easy to park, tall persons can be in the vehicle and not feel squeezed.

Gas Mileage. Comfortable seats, and great visibility. All the features for the price can't be beat.

Navigation paddle shifters room view out front window.

Fuel economy, nice ride, roomy interior, MAGIC SEAT!!, can and WILL park anywhere, CD player and Ipod/flash drive capability, color and design, it's just so CUTE!! ^_^

Sporty handling, great cargo capacity

Without a question, the magic seats. My dog has more room in the back than in my girlfriend's CRV. It's a cavern back there!

Paddle shifter. Rear seat flexibility. Fuel economy. Interior layout.

Cool blue dash lights, smooth ride, good acceleration, great MPG, paddle shifters (good for people who wanted a manual transmission, like me, but had to settle for an automatic because my girlfriend doesn't know how to drive stick), fog lights, side curtain airbags, USB ipod connection

Design, usb connection, space, good speakers, good acceleration considering its class.

