I guess it's not a feature but I like the drivetrain, quiet, powerful, economical and so far extremely reliable. 

Roomy vehicle, handsfree calls, XM radio and navtraffic, nav system, memory seats, folding mirrors, blind spot mirrors, rearview camera, remote starter, power remote liftgate, sunroof, controls position and comfortable seat for seven. 

Cargo space; Quiet and excellent handling; smooth ride. Back-up sensors & camera. Bose sound system; Blind spot mirrors; Appealing design.

Room, ride and driveability. Towing capacity is a plus as well as interior design. Finish is very good

The ride, power, and safety features. Superb Bose sound system. 18" wheels with 6 lugs. Premium cloth seats is more comfortable than leather for me.

-i do hand it to American cars, they look nicer than ever, yet still unoriginal -I like the external design -drives like a car (wife loves it), doesn't feel as big as it really is -access to 3rd row - the best! -auto dim rear view + rear camera -strong AC (we live in FL)

I love the back-up camera.

The color

Back up senors and back up mirror. Outside mirrors with anti-blind spots. Ride is great and room for all of the grandkids. Love the design. Great for hauling things with the seats folded down.

Interior room, smooth ride, OnStar, Bluetooth phone, XM satellite.

Bluetooth, 2nd and 3rd row folding seats, air conditiond seats.

2 toned interior, moon roof, and sky scape

Back up Camera, Fuel Mileage 21.3 for 7,000 miles. Very comfortable and spacious.

Van like seating position. XM Satellite Radio. GReat value for what you get in the Chevrolet versus competition



Appearance, Acceleration, Bose stereo, room for 7, remote rear hatch and comfortable seats. Leather is not your typical cheap GM leather.

Back-up camera, heated and cooled seats, blind-spot mirror on side mirrors, steering mounted stereo controls, ease of folding rear bench seat

10 Speaker Bose System (Outstanding bass) - Ver comfortable leather seats - Seats fold down for a very large amount of cargo space akin to a truck bed - Nearly soundproof cabin - Dual sunroofs - Great horsepower

Split-row seats; easy access to third row; adequate cargo space in rear with third row seat up. On-Star is really cool and XM radio rocks ... but remember you are buying a vehicle and those are services taht require continual (paid) subscriptions.

Rearview Camera, Backup sensor, DVD.

deep center console with sliding door. captains chairs. AC for the 3rd row is very good (i found the ac to be an issue in the 3rd row of a pathfinder).backup assist.

I like the DVD system and the rear lift gate as well. 

Cooled seats are super. Rear view camera. Agility. Gas mileage improvement. Easy in and out compared to the Yukon. No more dirt on the back of my pants from the running boards. Fold flat third row seats make the switch from people hauler to cargo hauler easy.Rear view mirror inserts.

Back up camera! LOVE it! Also has lots of good front storage! Very quiet on highway. Plus love the "toys" - XM radio, GPS, DVD player - but you can get this on any car.

back-up camera, navigation and power rear door.

Heated & Cooled (Front seats), DVD Player for passengers in the back, Rearview backup camera, storage & space, on-star.

Air vents at every seat, rear air vent controls, cup holders at every seat, fun to drive, handles well, stereo presets show what each station is on a tab across the bottom. 

Sky roof, center rear console and ride.

Tons of features like satellite radio, blue tooth, heated seats

I love the look, both inside and out! The hot and cool seats are a must. everytime I wash it people think the car is brand new, side blind spot mirrors, back up camera, cargo space, passenger space, Bluetooth! Dual Sky lights. Automatic start is amazing on hot or cold days to adjust inside temp!

Seating for eight and AWD, quiet ride, smooth handling, cruise control readout, "trunk" space even with eight passengers inside, body style.

Interior and Exterior design. Option for 7 passenger seating. Extra cargo space. Blind spot mirrors. Rearview camera/ultrasonic backup assist. Bose sound system. Dual sun roofs. Handling. Power, especially on acceleration (even up hills). Too may other loves to list! 

lane change flashes three times automatically. Driver info center turn by turn navigation system. On star hands free bluetooth phone connectivity. 



Rearview Camera, Climate Control, Remote Start, Auto liftgate, and the BEAUTIFUL metallic black paint!

Back up camera, XM, Onstar, handle on the back door, 3rd row seating made for adults, smooth ride, auto headlights, color, and quality of seats.

Navigation, cooled seats and bluetooth phone interface

Handling, comfort, amenities (OnStar, XM), well laid out dash, great seat adjustments, backup camera and comfort at all seating options.

The day I unload this G-A-S G-U-Z-Z-L-E-R !

Smooth ride. 

heated seats, navigation, dual sky lights and back up camera, rides very smooth

Camera sensor, ONSTAR ( have used it so many times, how did I ever live without it. XM Radio (how did I live without this, also? Cargo space is awesome and the extra row in the back is so convenient. Love the classy style, price, and most of all the way it handles, it handles like a car!

rear seats fold down with great ease - a big change from the suburban! Car is very quite, handles very well and has a great electronics package - bose stereo system - bluetooth- mp3 player-onstar-onstar navigation sytem

Ride quality. The rear camera upgrade is a must.

Handling on the highway

Space, refined looks, quality, engine, quiet cabin, sunroof, XM radio, legroom for tall people, storage space up front.

Mileage, quietness and power. I also like the Onstar especially the directions package (no need for the Nav system). That alone might be a decision maker for some people. The trip computer is nice also. 

Eight adult passenger seating, duo sunroof, remote start, AWD, trailor package, and ample and flexible cargo room.

The seating...so comfortable with lots of leg room both front and rear. Also, love the convenience of dropping the third row of seats when more storage space is needed.

Very roomy, handles more like a car then a suv or mini van. Navigation with traffic updates have been right on so far. My favorite is the power 281 hp and we still get over 20 mpg. Most suvs that get that good of mpg are 250 hp or less. 

Very roomy inside, stylish outside

The OnStar and XM are fabulous personal assistants! 

the camera in the rear view mirror is awesome. The exterior looks sharp.

Interior , capt's chairs 2nd row, leg room in 3rd row. xm radio with traffic updates. Handling , smooth and quit ride. Let me make it short - FAVORITE FEATURES IS EVERYTHING!!!!!

Bluetooth handsfree calling, OnStar, auxiliary jack, ease of folding 2nd and 3rd row seats, exterior styling, automatic headlight control, lots of storage places, quality of interior materials.

Cooled seats!!! How did I drive without them before? Backup camera and sensors are nice touch. Dual skylights. All three rows are roomy. Looks very cool.

Comfort, style, handling.

Interior and exterior look great. Comfortable seats, in a GM! Quiet ride, soaks up the bumps.

All the controls were easy to use, especially the touch screen enter/Nav System. Auto start, Auto back lid opener, rear camera system and all safety features. I like the 20" rims, XM ac/heated seats, dual sun roof and the color(Metallic Black)! I guess we like everything, Hmmmmm. Go American!!

Rear DVD with wireless headphones, Rearview backup camera, backup sensor, dual climate control, heated seats, 10 speaker bose system, remote start, powerlift and close rear gate, second row captains seats, blue tooth hands free phone....I think that's everything, oh and the quiet and smooth ride.

Exterior design Seat cloth is very nice and nice looking Backup sonar and camera Large cargo capacity



Everything!! 

We like the heated and cooled seats, the duel-scape roof and the plenty of room.

comfortable seats, remote start, back up camera, center captains chairs, Bose system

Automatic start, heating/cooling leather seats,all onstar components,DVD,back up camera,storage space,Bose sound

smooth ride - roomy and quiet

Strength of the ride is everything with this vehicle. Capt chairs in middle for easy access for the smallest child. Backup camera. Comfortable seats. Nice paint job.

Navigation,Bluetooth,Rear Camera,Dual Air,Remote Start. 

Bluetooth, auto start, backup camera, rear seat entertainment with wireless headsets.

Bluetooth connectivity, 115v power outlet w/ DVD package, heated seats, ride quality, sliding middle row seats, easy fold third row, Standard rear view camera. having a brand new model that has been tested and proven by its GMC cousin. 

Dual sunroofs, DVD, Bose sound system, Dual Captain chairs.

The brakes, the seats, the air, the room, too many to list.

The ample safety features and thoughtfulness of the interior design are great. There are cupholders and places to store things everywhere you turn. Exterior styling is also nice. Back-up camera is very useful, as is the rear sonar system. Bose speakers work as advertised -- essential upgrade!

We do like the OnStar, the rear camera, sound system, dashboard features, and glove compartment space

Dual sky-scrape sunroof. Back seat climate control. Rear view camera.

Auto climate control is very nice. Plus being able to listen to the radio up front while my daughter can listen to mp3 or a CD from the passenger controls is great.

The whole deal.

Radio, nav system and bluetooth. Also this is my first remote start, so I love that.

Very fast heated seats and heater. No squeaks or rattles. I consider the Chevrolet Traverse as being the best looking vehicle of the GM crossovers.

Powertrain, quiet ride, interior room and comfort, value, backup camera.

Dual sunroofs, DVD player, captain's chairs and heating & cooling system is above reproach so far.

Handling and roadability. Have gone through two snowfalls of 10 to 12" and this car never hesitated or failed to brake properly

Interior space

Black leather seats, DVD/entertainment system, the rearview camera, the space, the smooth ride, the solid feel, heated seats, turn by turn directions, ease of use. Value for the price (fully loaded Chevy vs. stripped down Benz)

Backup cameras, sensors. Driver's side leg room, driving position. Remote start. Smooth ride. Audio system is intense. Exterior styling

Drive ride and build quality. Lot of room with plenty of cup holders. Love the sliding center console arm rest and storage area. The top of the dash has a nice storage area, too. The inverter is a very nice feature with the 115V outlet in the rear of the console.

Split seating. This is a wonderful feature! I also like the quiet, smooth ride.

Engine provides quick power for merging.

Smoothness of the ride, bluetooth phone feature, turn by turn nav system is simple to use and outstanding. Engine/transmission combo operate very well. Great looks. I could go on but you get the idea. I'm very happy with it.

The way it drives, the quiet ride, leather seat styling, 10 speaker Bose audio system with the XM radio, auto start and alarm system, rear audio controls for the kids. 

The ride must not be missed, it is excellent. The nav system is very nice and quick to respond to controls. Room inside the Trav is actually bigger than a Tahoe! The remote auto-start has a nice feature with also auto-adjusting air/heat/seat heat/defroster depending on outside temp. Wow!

