RSE, Power Liftgate, Cargo Capacity, Rearview Camera

30GB harddrive, lighting, like the underbody extra storage.

The remote start is a godsend in this blistering Texas heat. The entertainment system keeps the kiddies happy happy. LED lights!

Fun to drive. 4.0L engine, interior etc.

Storage space, vehicle exterior, seat comfort

Dual Rear Entertainment System. U-Connect bluetooth phone connection. Large HDD built in to store MP3s and pics. 4.0L engine Heated front AND middle seats. Handling and steering. Appearance. 13 cupholders. Umbrella pocket.

Adding family photo's & Ipod library of music to the HD, blue tooth, voice control, Power doors and lift gate, VES, SAT sterio, homelink, interior comfort and design, exterior design, alloy wheel design.

Joybox radio, 3 dvd screens (while in park, 2 in the back) fantastic key/functions, quiet.

VW interior styling. Comfortable, beautiful leather seats. Auto climate control throughout all rows. Cargo storage behind front seats. Suspension: makes handling a breeze.

seats, dual dvd, handling

Touch screen radio/gps, power doors.

Room and nice driving a vehicle you do not see on the road all the time

Power (for a minivan) from 4.0L, nice interior and seats, remote start, navigation and backup camera, smooth ride, those checking out minivans should check out a Routan

Touch screen radio with hands free U- connect. The seats are simply the best you can get in any van. Lots of storage.

Storage and entertainment system

Dome Lights and the 6-DVD/CD Player.

Leather seats and dual screen DVD palyer

I love the sunroof, power options, and the suspension (it just quietly floats along). I also like the plush seats. 

The rear entertainment package, Sun roof, blue tooth, optional trailer hitch, powered everything, heated seat, and so much more!!!

Interior and exterior design, and space.

Bluetooth, power doors, leather seats.

Carefree program. Fun to drive. Sporty look. The seats..

Power everything, rear view camera, uConnect for bluetooth connections, side door windows go down, room, room, and more room.

automatic folding 3rd row seats heated front and secound row captin chairs tri cliamat control 

0% Financing, Dual TV screens, leather seats, lighting, 4.0 engine, smooth quiet ride, Tri-zone climate control, 17" tires, back-up camera

Dual DVDs, first and second row heated seats, rearview camera, tons of storage, led lights

everything..

tri-climate control, controles on steering wheel, comfort of seats, dash lights.

Way it drives/handles (for a mini-van). Interior styling/fit/space. Free maintenance program. 

Dashboard Nav system Rear seat entertainment system handling, suspension

The 6-CD/DVD Stereo that's capable of playing WMA files. I can burn at least 650 songs (uncompressed quality) on a single DVD. This works better than placing an Ipod/MP3 player in AUX input. 

The dome lights, the dash and its 6- CD/DVD player that's capable of playing WMA files. I can burn at least 800 songs (uncompressed quality) on a single DVD, which lets me scroll up and down the list of artists. This is better than pluggin it an ipod or other MP3 players in its AUX input.

Dual screen DVD Heated leather seats Smooth and quiet ride

We like the all the features of SEL. We also like Sun/Moon roof and the automatic/power 3rd row seat conf's.

dash is very good but in the day time you can't see the numbers very well

Exterior Styling, Interior Dash Design. Transmission shifting, Very good gas millage for a 4K lb. car. LED lighting is really nice.. especially the Red dash lighting Built-in sun shades, rear door power windows. smooth Ride, and GREAT support from driver / passenger seats!

DVD System,LED lights,Remote Starter,Power sliding doors and lift gate

Auto headlights

dash design with easy to reach electronic features, comfortable seats, enjoyable driving experience

Interior styling! Comfortable seats

Storage space, several ac adapters, interior design, handling on the road.

VW styling - front and back exterior modified vs T&C. Same for interior - Euro leather and VW's red/blue lighting (it's not on all, but a decent portion of interior lighting). The dual DVD system rocks. Also like the self leveling suspension to keep weight evenly distributed (handy on family trips).

VW styling, fit & finish, performance in a large family hauler at a lower price than comparable similarly equipped competitors. All the safety features come standard - front & side curtain airbags, ESP, ABS. Standard S model leaves nothing to be desired for a safe & fun family vehicle.

Occasionally it actually was drivable! Rarely....

Comfort, Style, and Ride.

Ride quality is nice and quiet. The brakes are quick and smooth. I really like the entertainment system.

The ride. For a van, it handles very well. Very quiet inside. Handles bumps well. Braking is amazing. Easy to get little ones in and out of. I don't feel as silly driving this as I would a Honda or Toyota.

