Price, warranty, quiet, fuel economy, space, smooth drive, easy handling and parking, simple and practical design.

Interior controls are positioned well, standard stereo with CD sounds fantastic, good storage, quiet vehicle and runs nice, and the very attractive MPG.

the in-dash CD player, the room for 5 adults, the fold down seats when I need to haul cargo. great for the urban home owner who needs that option but doesn't want a truck! the great gas mileage and power even with the automatic. The "Electric Orange" paint stands out!

The Max AC cools the car down quickly and the truck is very spacious.

mpg, handling,



Excellent gas mileage. Relatively quiet at highway speeds 

The SX trim has the 6-disc CD player w/ 6 speakers. It sounds great & plays MP3 files. It has a remote start feature which is handy in bad weather. The driver's seat can be adjusted higher or lower which is great for me as I am 6'1". I love the fog lights as they make a difference.

Interior size, and ride comfort.

All favorite features are "standard" ie; power windows, door locks, A/C, auto transmission. Engine/auto transmission is smooooth. 

Sunroof, warranty and great price. I have received many positive comments on the design of the car.

The automatic lights are great - the battery doesn't die if you forget to turn off the headlights. I also really enjoy the smooth ride and quick acceleration onto the highway. Since I commute 30 miles each way, I also appreciate the comfortable and readily adjustable seats.

Sporty looking, fun to drive, and doesn't cost an arm and leg

The exterior design. The price. The steering.

Great MPG and safety features. Warranty

Exterior styling.

Has space but looks sporty at the same time. All of the standard equipment, warranty and affordability. 

The fuel economy is great, the car looks nice, love the IPOD jack

The price. Warranty. Great gas mileage. Sporty.

The price. The zippy acceleration, yet I get 37 mpg on the highway. Ease of inspection and access to external engine components. Spacious interior room. Steering is very tight and responsive. Oil filter is very accessible, as are the exhaust sensors.

What can I say? At $19,445.50 out the door (MI sales tax 6%) and add all of the standard features that you pay extra for with every other manufacturer, you can't go wrong; four wheel disc brakes, all power features, side curtain air-bags, good sound system, the list goes on.

