gets a lot of looks. good mileage. sport feature for transmission. heated seats. 

Styling, comfort, trunk space, nicely equipped.

Sport Seats, Low speed turning lights, Quietness, Sport Steering wheel, Feels like it has more than 200 HP.

-It's extremely comfortable and well designed from a driving perspective (controls are easy, seats a awesome); -Gas mileage (I average about 28 mph according to the computer) -Style - it is so much better looking that many higher priced cars -Price ('09 CC Sport Luxury with Nav for $29k)

I'm impressed with the the sleek exterior design. 

My favorite features is the driving experience.

Back-up rearview camera. Navigation system. Hard-drive disk in stereo. In- Dash screen. Outside styling is great. Seats are super gripping.

GPS, Hard drive player, DVD player, cornering headlights that auto-dim after the turn, style, seating, fold-down rear seat, large trunk, tech styling inside, awesome grill and rear deck. Perfect.



My favorite features besides the two- toned interior are the Bluetooth phone system, which is now a standard feature on the 2010 model; and the radio system is excellent. I especially like the touch screen channel changer. The rubber floor mats capture debris before it gets ground into the carpet. 

Solid feel, nimble handling, high speed stability and fun to drive.

Navigation system is great, the seats are very comfortable, love the interior design! 

Seats are great,headlights much improved over previous passat's projector beams.Overall beauty.

The engine. The Transmission. The stereo. Shadow Blue color.

Exterior styling / interior styling $29,713 leftover tag. Fuel mileage, VR6 Power. 3/36 no charge service. 5/60000 no charge drive train warranty. 





Inside, I love the seats and navigation system (my old one was stone-age compared to this) and outside I love the body style and my wheels. Definitely a head-turner. Also huge trunk, could fit a circus in there.

Solidly built. Great style inside and out. Nav system is great, and easy to use. Get the backup camera, as the rear sight lines are not the best, plus it has a great backup guidance system. Good sound system with 30gb HD and media inputs. Lot of power out of the 4-cylinder turbo. Great gas mileage. 

Comfy seats on long drives, clean dash, technology package, and surprisingly for a german car, the Navigation is decent. Much better than my wifes 2008 A4. No complaints, the car is a ten.

Looks and performance.



Styling, styling, styling!!; performance; slick six speed manual transmission; loads of standard features; 3 year free maint

Design, handling & acceleration, seats (great support), steering wheel, lighting, stereo system, ultrasonic parking assist warnings.

Design, technical excellence, perfect driver ergonomics.

dirveability coupled with sportiness. Value!!!!

Beautiful exterior and interior is the best I've seen in any car. Millage is 24mpg mixed (NoVa/D.C. traffic) using Premium fuel. 3 yrs Free maintenance.Park sensors. Auto-hold function.

Technology system, seating, exterior design, rear legroom, clean dash, large trunk, folding rear seats.

Almost unique beauty inside and out and more aggressive stance than Mercedes CLS, warp engine, tires, room, comfort, supercool backup camera displaying gridlines where steering will put you, supercool Tucker-mobile pivoting headlights, roomy trunk with folding backseats (finally!). 

The styling, no question. It drew me to the car and makes heads turn. Love the soundsystem. Even love the bag hook in the trunk. 

Sleek style and performance.

The styling is sleek, the interior is first class, the performance instills pride. I still see heads turning in my rear view wherever I go. 

Appearance, build quality, comfort, performance, gas mileage.

Interior seats(two tone) is beautiful and comfortable. Sound system is great.

Love the bluetooth, sports feel and being taken for a mercedes. 

Styling in general. Functional interior components, steering wheel controls and quickness of the Hungarian 2.0T engine!

Appearance including the Chassis, rims, two-tone "leathertte" (good enough for me) and bucket seats. Std Features: heated seats, computer programmed controls, Sat radio and 6 CD changer, great MFD and steering wheel controls. By far the best is the road handling. Blows away a 535 on country roads.

Stick Shift, Interior, Acceleration, Build Quality

Two tone seats. 2.0 Turbo. 



Fun to drive around the city. Nice set of standard features.

Unfortunately, the manual comes in the very basic trim. However, rain-sensing wipers, automatic headlights, self-dimming rearview mirror, etc. add to driving experience. Easy to rig iPhone to (satellite) radio (my first one - wish I had installed one before(, making it a handsfree setup. 

Style [#1], fit & finish..great w/4cyl Turbo performance 

Stunning exterior, gorgeous two-tone interior (though a bit tricky to keep spotless), shocking affordability, great performance, 4 sport bucket seats, center console in rear, automatic cornering lights.

Looks, Comfort (12 way Power & Heated Driver & Passenger Seats), all the safety options that come standard i.e. ABS Brakes,EBD,HBA,EBA,ESP, ASR,& EDL. ALL of this & more for under $30,000.

Leather Seats... They are so nice! O, and the 2.0 Turbo is killer! Ready for upgrades that can push the HP over 250!

Rain sensor, one touch lane change, two tone upholstery, LOOKS!!!

driver's seat comfort and convenience, trunk space, torque, signals on mirrors, auto rain sensing wipers, styling.

Fit and Finish, standard amenities, styling, quiet cabin, great fitting seats, you could spend hours in these things. Excellent steering wheel, and incredible engine with great mileage. The most value for your money in the entire auto industry.

Comfort and acceleration



Looks.

Love the heated seats (have a bad back). Car seems to glide along.

The price for the amount of amenities you get as standard. The design, obviously! The driving position, sat radio, auto climate control, leather seats are really comfortable, and both have power adjust and lumbar which makes my wife happy. Just an overall great drive.

Everything from the Blue tooth, ipod connection. memory seats, leather interior, sirius radio, heated seats,etc...

two tone leatherette , auto lights and wipers on base model!! it was a great surprise because Edmunds.com says that those are exclusive on Luxury, nope nope they are avalbl. on base.

Styling, ride and handling, value for money, fuel economy

I love the high quality interior and the luxury feeling with its standard features. The interior is super quiet, and its gets better gas mileage than my 05 Mini Cooper S! I got almost 400 miles in 70/30 highway/city driving! It has excellent pick-up and go. Test drive it...you'll like it!!

Favorite features : The cars lines, trunk space, interior, stereo system, the seats, the dash,...the whole car!

Suggested Improvements

Engine and acceleration, fuel economy, dealership was great to work with, creature comfort features that are overpriced on other models like Honda and Toyota (heated seats, trip computer). This has the best mock leather I have ever seen.

Combination of Gas mileage and performance. This car can get 34mpg in freeway driving with plenty of power to stay safe. Great Seats, Great Trunk space, Great Design. Everday "smart" engineering in the details. Not overly designed and fragile like some other makes (my BMW). 

Clutch/shifter 2 tone interior Exterior styling 

Dynaudio sound system: I am an avid audiophile and this system is the best car system I've ever heard. Better than Audi's Bose system, Infini's Bose system, or Acura's ELS Surround System. Even better than my home entertainment system with an Intergra amp and large built in surround speaker system

heat seat, information panel. 36 month 0% finance; 36 month carefree maintenance; below invoice price. first payment after 6 weeks. Private party price for my trade-in car

Real leather seats, touch screen navigation, enormous trunk, incredible exterior styling, fun to drive, great performance. 

I like the key-less push-button start.

Looks, handling,low noise, great engine/transmission match, electronics and over all great value for the $$.

style in and out. leatherette seats better than genuine heated seats

Enormous trunk, and the dealer added an extra grocery bag at no charge. The seats' lumbar support is a treat on long drives. Well-designed controls on steering wheel. Fun to drive! Free maintenance and 6 months of Sirius radio free are appealing perks.

Design.

Handling, craftsmanship and looks! Mirror and inside floor lights were great surprises.

The Autohold and the electronic parking brake is all automatic. I don't have to press the parking button at all to start driving. Sweet! The seats are cushy and supportive. VW finally brought over many European spec. features like the angled cup holders and the cover for the storage in back

I may never understand what the developers were thinking when they designed this car. Maybe they read my mind? I have no other explanation for why I feel that passionate and irrational about every aspect of the CC. When I drive the car, I am one with it. And that feeling is my favorite feature.

Supportive seats, nice and quiet on the road, tight handling. I love how people tell me what a great looking car it is! 

The price!!!! Interior/exterior styling; acceleration; handling; quiet ride; comfortable/adjustable seats; good rear passenger space; great trunk space; 4 doors; heated seats; heated mirrors; self dimming mirror; decent gas mileage; trip computer.

Beautiful styling. Fantastic fuel economy. 34 mpg by the trip computer, nearly 600-mile range. Elastic powertrain, plenty of passing and merging power immediately available. Very firm yet comfortable seats. Excellent and highly adjustable driving position. Plenty of room for four plus luggage.

Exterior design, dash, trim, gauges, transmission, mid-range torque, good fuel economy, Satellite radio, exhaust note, & leatherette seats.

Power, handling, design and gas mileage. Built by a company that didn?t need taxpayer?s bailout money! 

Seats, engine, 4 wheel drive, inside comfort, outside elegance, transmission with paddle shifter, general quality of all materials. And those Interlagos wheels.....Getting lots of second looks.

everything

Interior - really NICE! Power - 2.0 Turbo is fast and smooth - Sport mode transmission! Airbags EVERYWHERE!

Interior detail and quality are second to no car I have ever owned (BMW, Audi, Jag, Land Rover). Best central computer and simple controls on the market. As fun/quick as BMW, Audi, and all-wheel drive crushes the 530xi. Unlike Benz or BMW, 90% of the features you would want are standard.

Design looks like the Mercedes CLS, the two tone seats are a must. The 4cyl Turbo feels like a V6 without the Gas consumption. Most of all great price.

Sirius satellite radio, heated seats, everything actually!

Everything - Although it the first year out - I have tried to find fault-Their is honestly nothing I have found to be wrong about the CC - Except now I'm going to have to trade in the 08'Passat for a CC for my wife she likes the White Gold - This is German Engineering at its finest

Sleek exterior design, two-tone seats, German ride, satellite radio, carefree maintenance program 

Standard amenities expected in a luxury vehicle. 2.0L 4 cylinder turbo is surprisingly powerful - I had my doubts until the test drive. Back seat is expansive - this is a sporty family sedan w/ sophisticated looks. A married man's dream. On-screen compass, temperature.

4-cylynder Turbo engine, exterior looks, fun to drive experience, large trunk, German engineering, interior layout.

sleek look and lines. Interior design. great handling

Sport driving style, handling and stability, high speed handling, available power, Luxury interior even for basic model, front seats (very comfortable), price for V4 models

I love the 4-motion. I live near the mountains and this car gives me the ability to drive on snow, water, or ice.

Navi, 30 gb hard drive, ipod adapter, park assist, feel of the seats, panorama roof. The carefree maintenance package available on all 2009s, is on par with BMW and Volvo's complimentary maintenance.

The Sport seats are incredible! They just snuggle you in and provide you with great support. 

Technology package, park assist, memory seats, touch navi, panorama sunroof. Carefree maintenance: it's about time!

