Looks, hugs the road, cargo space, gas mileage

Great retro look (Much better than the PT cruiser); Remarkably quiet and comfortable; Great stereo (w/Mp3 jack!); good headroom; convenient instrument panel; unbeatable financing; affordable extended warranty

Everything.

LOOKS.The HHR looks different from 99.9% of the cars on the road, and I really don't buy the comparison to the PT Cruiser.

Versatile storage arrangements.

Good sound for a inexpensive stereo in a small car.

XM radio, numerous storage compartments, smooth ride, peppy performance, many safety features, sharp design

Cargo versatility, ride, handling, gas mileage, appearance.

MPG, its no powerhouse but enough, Stereo is very good (got the upgraded best they offer) like the XM, 

Clean design of dash layout, not like many others with cheap looking silver and shiny plastic. Smooth ride. Decent acceleration. XM Radio. Holds road well on freeway. 

 Looks, this one is a LT1/WLT2 options.



Looks

Over all style. It is really a cool looking car.

The exterior styling is tops. Instant MPG reading is great, as is the rest of the DIC. Lots of cargo space in such a compact vehicle! Very quiet and smooth ride. Safety features are nice as well. 

Computer, hands free phone, XM radio, OnStar, and peppy engine that gets great MPG.

I love the look, especially with the low profile tires; the interior flexibility is great; the Pioneer sound system is excellent.

Exterior styling, color (Victory Red), SS turbo kick, comfortable seats, plenty of storage, great gas mileage, DIC information center, great sound system.

Radio, no doubt, Innovative set up of how you can reconfigure the rear space. A ton of room with the seats down. You could put a recliner chair in it. Most sedans you can't get a large lamp shade in any more

Great gas mileage with the 2 litre engine- 800km to a tank. Love the stereo. Love the sun roof and storage capacity. 

DIC, dash compartment, layout, drive, radio,high seats,milage, pretty much everything.

Value for the money, XM Radio, OnStar, versatility, great mileage.



How quick it is and how it handles. I also love the [premium] stereo w/sub. XM radio and OnStar are also great. I also love the fact that it is a practical car...lots of room for the kids and stuff yet still a lot of fun when I'm alone. Oh and the gas millage is a huge plus.

The XM radio (maybe I'll keep it). The 5 speed, shift transmission (after all it is retro!) The styling!! The lay flat rear seat.



Acceleration, 18" wheels, interior comfort and quiet. Great lines especially if you like the old 48-49 Chevy panel trucks. Cargo space puts the competition to shame. Sound system and OnStar are wonderful. Remote start, how did I live without it!

My favorite features are the leather seats, seat heaters, push button driver seat controls, sun roof, plenty of storage space as the back seats lay flat for extra cargo and the upscale sound system is great!

Love its looks inside and out. 200 ft. remote vehicle start, auto headlights, rear defogger/wiper. Great stereo/setting options. Tilt steering, reclining bucket seats, programmable digital info display on dash with outside temp/tire press, 2 trip odom, fuel info, road contitions and more. 

Great gas mileage (30+), quiet interior, great exterior styling, very good interior styling, plenty of pep. Braking is excellent contrary to other reviews. Driving is fun. Steering is tight and controlled (good). Visibility is fairly good. Large exterior mirrors. Very roomy cargo area.

Great sound system with 7 Alpine speakers,Sunroof, 17" aluminum wheels, leather seating,seats fold down flat including front passenger seat, smooth ride, good handling, great gas mileage, remote start feature, great quality from an American company. 

Great cornering ability. Great mileage. Fast little machine with the turbo

I love the body style and the cargo room. 

