The look, this car looks incredible just sitting in the driveway.

The seats are comfortable for my 100 mile a day commute 4x a week. (200lb 5'11"). Plenty of room. Gotta have the Bose/Nav upgrade. I feel very SAFE in the Z. Solid, plenty of power, smooth. Styling is World Class. Hi oil temp @ 120 mph for 5 mins. was 200F. Ok to me. Auto transmission is fast!

LOVE IT ALL !!

Looks,handling,engine response,seats and cockpit.

The 2009 Nissan 370Z is an excellent handling car. The interior is very well set, and easy to drive.

Crazy fast, corners like it's on rails; yet has interior quality and exterior fit and finish that shame both my '08 Acura TL TypeS and '06 Vette.

Power, Push-Start ignition, Superior handling, Exhaust note.

Intelligent key, standard cruise control and radio controls on steering wheel. The looks I get while driving the car, and the syncro-rev match. 

Engine, handling, brakes, and steering feel very much in touch with the road. Never boring vs. Porsche seemed TOO refined! Nice touches include satellite radio, bluetooth, 2-stage heated seats, instrument binnacle moves with steering wheel adjustment. Sport wheels and limited slip diff. work!

Radio controls in the steering column. Responsive acceleration. No sway in tight turns. Everything a true sports car should be.

The 2009 Nissan 370Z car is fun to drive, but you realy can't drive the car far, and at speeds over 70 MPH's, whithout the ENGINE OIL TEMPERTAURE rising above 260 degrees. Nissan states the MAX ENGINE OIL TEMPERATURE should not rise above 280 degrees. The 370Z car can't be driven at high speeds!

bose system, digital fuel gauge, horsepower

Looks, Paddle Shifters, Bose Audio System, POWER BABY

interior,exterior,rays rims,dash,seats,body style,bose audio,

Engine,brakes,handling,nav, and radio

speed

Interior,Style, and speed.

The look is impressive. Synchro-rev matching is great. Sound system is good. Easily interfaces with my ipod. Nav system is very good and intuitive. Intelligent key system is great because I always have things in my hands and it is a pain to have to look for my keys in a bag.

The new Nissan 370Z has excellent power and handling features, and if FUN to drive.

Power, Grip, Push button start, aggressive looking guage array, inverted rear torsion bar, comfort for 6 footers, Aggressive look overall, rev matching, longer warranty, much better yellow color

The 370Z handles as good as any sports car out made. It has good power, but with just a little bit to tweaking, could develop much more horse power. I think the Nissan engineers did a good job with up grading of the interior.

Performance, looks, syncro tranny, LSD, interior feel and material

Looks and Performance. Have you seen the Tires?

Great interior and stereo system..the body design will set the stage for years to come..better than aftermarket 19" wheels

Incredible handling

Design and performance.

The sound system is awesome and the GPS navigation is so cool. It's fun to watch the names of streets, highways and gas stations appear on the screen as you approach them on the road.

I love the exterior styling and the wheels. Keyless entry, push button start.

Inside noise much more reduced than 350Z. Smoother ride than 350Z. Performance, features, and looks. Bose system is incredible.

Outside curves, transmission, Bose audio system

Exterior is the head-turner. Flared fenders - wow! Cockpit interior (w/ minor changes.) I also personally love the tach in the center. And sound system. And I love the "noise" of the engine. I was used to the whir of a turbo in my 300. This car has some growl to go along with its purr.

The car's handling and sound system.



exterior,interior, design.fun to drive great performance,and handles like a car costing 2 or three times it's price.

Handling

The handling, responsiveness and acceleration are exhilarating! Despite what other reviews have said about the noise, this is after all a sports car, not a luxury vehicle. And if you are using the amazing sound system as intended, you shouldn't be concerned with engine or road noise.

Exterior look, interior look, pick up, handling.

Looks, engine and brakes

Bose stereo with XM, heated seats that provide great support, the 7 speed paddle shifted tranny, the cornering, the look on my wifes face as she drove and floored it, the blue tooth phone capability, and last but not least the put your foot down and be pushed into the seat it provides, WOW.

