The navigation/advanced sound system package is amazing. The stereo and speakers are not only loud and great quality, but it has amazing surround sound. You can hear everything coming at you from all sides. It's awesome!!!!

Mileage, reliability, driveability.

Everything: features, driving feel, cabin quietness, outstanding fuel economy, looks, expected/anticipated Honda reliability, etc.

Satellite radio, Acura ownership experience (zero issues to date with the car), exterior appearance and very happy with MPG (averaging close to 30 MPG as I do mostly highway driving).

Nav with real time traffic, USB interface, paddle shifters, button heavy console, all the different features with the nav, comfortable seats. 

I love the style inside and out. The rear does remind me of BMW styling. Standard and Tech features are amazing. The car does have the most comfortable seats I have ever sat in.

Great gas mileage. Large fuel tank. Lots of standard features. Feels very solid and safe. Great handling compared to my old Camry. Very comfortable front seats. Interior materials are first rate. Acceleration is above-average for a 4 cylinder car. Like the overall size (not too big, not too small). 

Navigation system, blue-tooth, steering wheel & steering system, paddle shifters, comfortable seats, turn signals on mirrors, gauges, computer system for great feedback info to driver.

All the upgraded features, excellent gas mileage, and the luxury feel.

Good fuel economy, fun to drive, Xenon headlights and a great sounding audio system (when it works). 

Tech package is a must, ELS sound is awesome, easy navigation, rearview camera and DVD audio

ELS, GPS voice recognition system

Tech package, climate control, usable rpm range.

IPod integration into navi, ELS sound, look & finish, Acura reliability, gets up and goes quickly when needed, great MPG.

This car has heaps of new features compared to 2008 & prior models. The 2009 TSX non-tech comes with tire pressure sensors, automatic headlights, and a USB dock, allowing control of an iPod OR a standard USB flash drive from the steering wheel!

A fine daily driver and represents a good value for a vehicle that lists under $30K. 

Lots of luxury features for the buck. Leather seats, interior lighting at night is gorgeous, USB reader and actual socket plug is genius. Sound system is crisp, clean bass w/ the sub. Ride is comfortable and outside noise on freeway is not noticeable in my opinion. Nice pickup from 4th to 5th gear

USB and other jacks, Xenon, leather surfaces, change drawer, one-touch controls, XM (Sirius soon also?), oil monitor, tire monitor, MPG stats, great looks, sunglass holder, highway speed in gear 4-6 easily, auto rearview mirror and lights, highly adjustable seat, massive leg and headrooms, big trunk

The stereo and iPod integration are awesome. 32 MPG. Solid build. Rear view camera. All the toys are fun. Comfy seats.

The feeling of quality, fun and safety

Shifters. Design. 

I love the seat memory, the controls on the steering wheel and the iPod connection.

Go the 6 speed manual - best in class hands down - snikity smooth. 5.1 stereo, intuitive navigation, bluetooth, climate control, glossy metal flake paint (grigio), steering wheel is just the right size, trunk release membrane button above license plate (discovered that one by accident).

Key opens Windows and roof, passenger mirror lowers when in reverse.

Xenon lights, fold down rear seats, XM radio.

Bluetooth, hands-free commands, the look! Love the exterior look and design! Gas mileage... same that I was getting with my '08 hybrid that I traded in. 

MPG. Nav. Radio esp XM. Quieter than others.

Instant MPG, keeps my driving style in check. Tight, on the fly shifting gets performance when needed, fit & finish, base model is really fully loaded

None

 The technology package is great. The paddle shifters are fun to have for when you're in the mood. For me the fold down seats are key. I looked at many cars that didn't have them. I can take the boss to lunch in this car and then later that day throw my surfboard in it and hit the beach.

Looks, performance, bluetooth, smooth ride, price, mpg.

Garage opener in the ceiling that is easily programmed! Paddle shifters on the steering wheel. Instant MPG sensor is handy. Also enjoy the computer features such as tire pressure, oil life and MPG per trip. 

Lowest price for most features, best safety rating, best fuel economy (27 mpg mixed), 4-cylinder is best for daily commute & powerful. Audio has USB port for MP3, I put in a thumb drive. Build quality & interior material feels superb. Honda reliability, Michelin tires, nice leather.

Spunky, practical, reliable, and amazing value for the amount of technology packed in there! At fully loaded, it's still below the base price of comparable alternatives: BMW, Lexus, Audi, etc. The six-speed is a blast, also.

Nav., voice-commands, blue-tooth link, amazing ELS stereo, very comfy seats/ride, MPG is great, most everything.

Excellent engine mated to a buttery smooth transmission. Fit and finish is excellent. Sound system with tech pkg is awesome.

Bluetooth, XM, auto lights/locks, dash layout, compass, seats & wide/low stance

Sport seats, high quality interior, looks of the car. 

The technology package works great. The upgraded stereo with the XM sounds terrific. Comfortable seats for a 6'3" guy with plenty of room. 

Tech package is a must, the iPod integration, ELS sound, bluetooth, and all the voice commands are very cool 

Technology package - Acura navigation is hands down the best on the market. It is easy to use. I love the bluetooth feature through the speakers... no stupid little thing in your ear while your driving around! 

Luxury feel - solid and quiet, six speed transmission - sport feel with short, quick throws, stereo - the sound is killer and the USB port for my iPod integrates it into the stereo, engine - high revving, sport feel, looks - people didn't comment on my BMW this much, headlights - Xenons are great

I'm actually glad there's no push-button ignition. Who wants to drive around with a key bulging out of their pocket? And I feel like I'm spoiled with the voice recognition. I mean can you believe people used to have to push buttons?!

Superb seats. Floating needle gauges are trick. Great ergonomics, steering wheel controls, Bluetooth Handsfreelink, USB/iPod integration, and premium sound system - all standard. Polished Acura sill plates are a nice touch.

The Tech package is the way to go! Bluetooth, voice interaction, love the look of the dash, layout, peppy pick up, smooth acceleration , large trunk.

Seats. The iPod integration. Overall interior and exterior look. Very efficient motor.

Styling improvements are significant. It now stands out in a crowd. Audio system is great, Engine has better low end torque and its genuinely fun to drive both around town and on the highway. Very nice ergonomics.

Nav system, safety, rear view camera, voice activated control, audio system, mpg 

The car drives and handles well. The navigation system works well and includes a backup camera. Audio system has very good sound and links well to an I pod. With the Bluetooth hands-free phone connection I just keep my phone in my pocket.

Seats, bluetooth, comfort, smooth ride, mileage.

IPod USB connection, bluetooth, supportive seats, smooth shifting manual, great gas mileage.

Sport suspension, ELS stereo, sporty vehicle with good gas mileage, excellent looking exterior, quality, Bluetooth (a mandatory requirement- Toyota only had with an upgraded stereo or nav. and the new Chevy Malibu did not even offer), iPod integration via plug-in or USB connection, quiet interior.

Styling both in and out, gas mileage, VERY comfortable seats, over all the best bang for the buck in this price range.

The exterior design. The number of standard features.

Paddle shifters, bluetooth, cruise is right on - no drift. Sound system is excellent, really enjoy the xm. Love the styling. Precise tire pressure monitor.

Bluetooth, spacious trunk

Very comfortable luxury interior, fun to drive, excellent gas mileage with lots of tech features to see how your driving. Paddle shifters, Bluetooth, awesome XM/stereo, tire pressure monitoring system, but best of all is USB connection to hook up an iPod or flash drive and load up on the music!!

Love all the gadgetry and blue tooth. Car is extremely well built. I have manual transmission and shifting is great. Averaging 27 highway/city MPG.

Tough to say, the ride is great, the handling and feel are probably my favorite as I drive over 500 miles a week. The stereo is so incredible and the navi is fantastic.

The entire Technology Package! Sound system is beyond excellent!

Blue tooth, power seats move where they need to for tall people

Handling assurance; standard equipment and amenities; sound system; bold styling; interior textures and quality of materials; comfort; paddle shifters; fuel efficiency; trunk configuration/size very efficient; Acura/Honda reputation for quality and reliability.

Gadgets, Bluetooth, USB dock for iPod, 6 speed gearbox.

Backup camera, paddle shift, Acuralink, importable phone book option (you can import your phone book from your cell phone to use with Bluetooth) and interior and exterior styling. 

USB, Bluetooth, 6 speed, audio system, style, and the electric steering!

Navi, voice activation, backup camera, stereo, bluetooth, tire pressure monitoring system

Luxury interior with comfortable seating, excellent gas mileage, fun to drive, many standard tech features, plenty of power, fantastic stereo system even in base model, looks great.

Sound system with XM radio, MP plug, Bluetooth, and real sporty dash. Trunk that handles my golf clubs and then some.

Blue tooth phone system. Crystal clear stereo. 6 speed manual transmission!! Everything.

Real time weather on navigation. Aesthetics (gauges, new center console). Ground effects. Wheels. 

Handling, ride, features, fit and finish, gas mileage, intuitive controls, styling, price, USB memory stick interface for MP3.

3rd gear acceleration. Seats, nav, audio system, no lean on curves. Gas mileage. Angular design.

Voice activated controls

Bluetooth, XM radio, super comfortable seats, tire pressure monitor system, xenon headlights, fun to drive, the list goes on and on.

IPod, paddle shifters, weather forecast, rear camera.

New body style, ride comfort, and gas efficency are great. Tech and features on the standard model are great. My fiancee loves the bluetooth integration. 

Features, fuel economy, design.

Stereo system and blue tooth.

I love the overall quality of the car, except for the voice activated commands, which is SEVERELY flawed. You can tell that this car was built with GREAT quality, and I love the ride, way the car handles, the interior comfort, and the looks.

Power and agility, smooth ride, comfortable front seats. 

Gas mileage, 18 gallon gas tank, awesome sounding stereo, comfortable seats, many standard features.

Stereo, front seats, transmission, clutch, tech features.

Ride, exterior design, ELS stereo, fuel econ.

Manual transmission, gas mileage, reasonable handling, brakes seem pretty solid.

ipod usb, backup camera, voice activation, weather and traffic service, DVD Audio, paddle shifters - agree with earlier post - completely different car

Everything. Awesome sound system (can activate a subwoofer). 



Interior design, tech package, sound system, tight steering, steering radius is great, build quality, great new gregio metallic color.

Great looks, accelerates really quickly, seats are very comfortable, USB connection for MP3 player. The gas tank locks when the car does. Only 2 oil changes/yr max. Runs very quietly too; can't notice it is running when parked.

Hip contours on seat. Big gas tank - 18 gallons. Appearance. Gearshift is much smoother than 2006 TL.

Bluetooth, 360W Audio system with USB and Subwoofer, Gas mileage!

Handling, City/Freeway 28 mpg, Exterior/Interior style, ELS sound system. Great Value.



Sound system, blue tooth. 4 cyl powerful enough for any situation.

Technology package; navigation, excellent sound system, engine and auto transmission. Above all excellent fuel economy.

Using voice with navigation. Handling, responsiveness. Quality of materials, both inside and out. 

Blutooth, soundsystem

Styling interior and exterior.

solid feel of car, turning capabilities, great looks, 450 miles on first tank full of gas

Navi system - when it's working; upgraded sound system is truly incredible - best feature of the car; blu-tooth and i-pod set up; fuel economy is decent; interior materials are quite good.

The interior fit and finish is simply superb. It feels like it was carved from a solid block of material by elves with jeweler's tools. The handling is taut, and there is very little body roll when manhandling corners. 

Interior build quality and features, great sound system, very good gas mileage, lots of value for the price of the vehicle.

- usb audio connection - reverse-tilt outside mirror - perforated leather seat - comfort and quiet

Blue tooth, iPod integration, comfortable interior with seating for 5.

Navigation, and voice commands.

good gas mileage, handling and interior quality

Tire pressure gauge, ipod that is able to control from the dash, heated leather seats, bluetooth and paddle shift is a lot of fun!

Fuel efficiency, price, gadgets, comfort, console display, overall appearance.

iPod integration, (even though my 3G iPhone always says "unsupported"). People notice my car.

Interior design, comfortable ride, excellent sound system, voice- activation for all controls, excellent gas mileage--so much car for the money. 

I drive 100 miles a day on the So Cal freeways. I wanted a car that was comfortable, got good gas mileage, reliable, safe with updated styling and a decent sound system with iPod connection. This car delivers on all accounts, especially the navigation and sound system?Awesome! 

Tech Package, exterior and ride quality. Dash!

6 speed manual super smooth shifting, iPod integrated dash, dual climate control, VERY comfortable seats, excellent styling both inside and out, great fuel economy, dashboard and steering controls, Xenon headlights, Hands Free Link (HFL) for bluetooth-enabled phone, dual fold-down rear seats.

Navigation

Nice firm ride and firm leather seats. Six speed manual. Bluetooth and all the audio options. Instant MPG feedback. Oh yeah, and I have about $7 or 8 grand in my pocket compared to buying a comparably equipped A4!!

Fit & finish, MPG, handling, interior comfort, transmission. Also have almost 10 years good experience with the dealer.

Front grill & tail lights & seats

Blue Tooth Wireless, XM Radio, Sound System!!!!!! (even though the tech package has a better sound system), Gas Mileage (I am averaging 25 mpg) & looking at the faces of other drivers share on my car.

Sound system

Engine, Perforated tan leather, Audio system with USB, Seat comfort, Safety: 5 Star all around, MPGs, Acura sales staff professionalism. Design: TSX FRONT!, TSX SIDE! TSX REAR! (dual chrome exhaust even) Interior layout, road feel, size of the car, dash lighting at night, name it

The sound system which allows me to plug in my Ipod without having to purchase extra fixtures and the zoned climate control, no more arguing over too hot or too cold with my passengers.

Favorite Feature is probably the seat warmers and the ipod connect. I know a lot of cars have this feature now... but I probably use these the most. 

Suggested Improvements

The tech pkg is great... iPod, phone book all integrated on the nav screen. Comfortable ride. Quiet ride. Bought the blue... love the color.

All interior features - yes you do get used to the buttons fairly quickly. The exterior design has really grown on me - for the $$ - about $5K less than base TL - I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything.

Comfortable seats, great fuel economy (not as good as a Corolla of course), superior handling and cornering. Feels and is very safe.

The Technology Package (GPS, ELS Stereo, iPod Interface, Handsfree Link)

The list can go on and on. USB interface for iPod and USB drives, memory/heated/comfortable seats, gas mileage, auto-day and night mirror, turn indicators, passenger mirror drops when in reverse, pedal shifters on the steering wheel, Bluetooth, HID Xenon headlights, sound system, one touch sunroof.

Everything is great. Ergonomics. Comfort. Styling. MPG.

The technology package. Interior quality. Gas Mileage. 

comfy seats

Gas mileage; sound system; fit and finish; nav is easy to use after a week or so. 

The nav system is great, but takes awhile to get used to. Hands-free link system is awesome. The car is built solidly. Seats adjust well, especially the driver's, and has good lumbar support. Voice commands take some getting used to. Lights are excellent, and the engines still emits some vroom!

Interior quality. Car ride. Car noise. Fun factor. Tech package. Fuel efficiency. "Fun" technology is better than my $65K BMW 535i - and unlike my BMW the technology in this car actually works!! 

I recommend the Tech package. It is a bit more money but definitely worth the purchase. Overall, the vehicle has a lot to offer for the money and it is a great looking car.

Heated, sporty, comfortable front seats. Sirius/XM radio is very nice. Dual climate control. Excellent gas mileage. A well engineered car that is an excellent value when compared with others in its class. Love the black exterior also. Love driver seat memory setting as well.

Most premium for the price. Good look in and out. Built by Honda. Good material. Cannot think of anything bad compared to Honda accord EXL V6. 

Interior quality, Bluetooth, XM, sound system, nav

Driver linked keys, dual-zone auto climate control, sunroof, heated seats, leather, bluetooth, and iPod integration cord.

Neat technology inside, USB connection, center console loaded with features, nice information availability via the steering controls, Bluetooth, leather seat warmer, dual climate control, build quality, great gas mileage.

Steering wheel controls, bluetooth works flawlessly, HID lights, decent engine, standard sound system is more than adequate.

iPod interface, navigation, bluetooth, comfort, gas mileage

Bluetooth, audio plug in for iPod, 8 speaker surround sound, smoothness in turns, GAS MILEAGE!

MPG, xenon lights, iPod feature

Love the look, drives very well, great mpg.

Love the heated seats, and the voice command, the xm radio is awesome as is the backup camera, and I had a garmin but really like the size of the GPS in my acura. The maintenance minder is great too.

Amazing gas mileage, great seats and interior fit and finish. Great value for the price.

Back up camera, navi, paddle shifters, iPod interface, handsfree bluetooth link, great sound system.

Quiet ride and body firmness

Taut handling, quality feel, stellar sound system, great navigation system, sense that TSX is an upscale car at a great price with just about every option you can possibly think of.

sound system, fuel economy, luxury of interior

Good balance of price, performance and luxury. Great seats and the fit and finish seems great. 

Great seats, good value, good gas mileage, loaded with features & beautiful dials. 

Bluetooth, iPod technology, seats, sunroof, heated seats, dual climate control

Voice Bluetooth, XM radio, heated seats

Front seats, tech package, safety, handling, price for features.

Blue Tooth, paddle shifters, iPod interface, key fob all window open control. Car downshifts in cruise control on steep downhills saving potential speeding tickets. Great gear overlap throughout speed band.

