The acceleration is my favority feature. The nighttime interior lighting is way cool. 

Recaro seats a must, exterior styling, wheels

Engine, engine, engine...556HP, 551 torque, engine, engine, 6.2l V8... :) :) The question on this car is rather what is NOT your favorite....

Inside is just gorgeous, love the suede.Navigation is excellent compared to most cars.Ipod works terrific & sounds great! Cooled seats are nice. To many items to list would take all night!

STEALTH car! TORQUE everywhere; excellent exterior styling; relatively few buttons, simply laid out; regular seats are so comfortable; usable trunk; awesome brakes; large moonroof; Magnetic Ride Control; it drives like a Cadi when the wife is around, drives like a beast when she's not.

The manual transmission is pretty much perfect.

6.2L supercharged engine, transmission, suspension, Brembo brakes, exterior light package and interior illumination, cockpit style presentation of gauges and controls, Recaro seats, and panoramic electric sun roof w/ sun shade. Oh, plus, the 40 gigabit navigation/5.1 Bose sound/CD/bluetooth system.

Engine, Seats, Compliant Ride. Nothing I have driven for 3x the price compares!!

Navigation system rocks, and the interior is so well appointed, and designed taillights are also sun like. The standard features are way too many to mention, rainsensor wipers work great, the adaptive headlights, heated and cooled seats, and the Audio system with USB, insert USB drive with music

flat our power at any speed, and the cornering of a train, stays on line and powers thru like a rocket ship. Interior is great, the BLUETOOTH works great, the Nav & Audio is second to non.the USB port, just plug it in and you have an instant music library. One can use the Hard drive if you like

The power and the Recaro seats that help prevent the resulting whiplash.

the Internal Harddrive and complete IPOD control are really neat. Brakes are incredible. 

Horsepower, torque, transmission, Brembo breaks, electronics, Recaro seats, wheels/tires, and overall looks. But most of all: bang for the buck! Thank you Cadillac and GM. 

Engine, handling, technology, braking, comfort, looks, everything

Suspension and drive train performance are flawless for hot rodding or cruising. Stereo, navigation system, and bluetooth work and sound great. Great looks both in and out. Keyless entry and ignition are fantastic and can be configured to suit based on individual needs. Did I mention the performance

Power. Comfort, luxury, handling. Beauty

LSA engine Tremec TR6060 manual transmission Recaro seats. Trick suspension. Brembo brakes. OnStar system. Navigation system

