Nighttime blue lighting on the dashboard, sunroof, tinted back windows, large cargo area, exterior - especially the front (reminds me of the Lexus SUV), great MPG.

In this case the things I dislike overpower anything positive about the car.

XM satellite, build quality appears to be top notch. Under the hood, everything appears jewel-like. You can clearly see what is steel, what is aluminum, and much of the steel actually looks to be polished or chromed.

Night interior lighting. Safety. Easy handling. Spacious and quiet. Love the trip odometer display with mpg info and oil life info. Great gas mileage. Back door opens with ease from outside. I don't mind waiting at long lights if I am in this car!

The CRV is a 4-cyl but handles like a 6-cyl. Easy steering and smooth acceleration. I am happy overall with the SUV except for ac.

Controls location, tumble forward seats for extra storage, gas mileage, and comfort.

interior roominess

The ride is firm, pothole control is excellent, braking is outstanding. Wheel response is outstanding. Forward visibility is outstanding. Engine noise is very low and accelerates like a V-6. I'm a very happy camper.

What can I say "COMFORT" all round, front and back. Excellent drive. Super fuel consumption. Ideal for a large family.

Interior room. Ride. Performance.

I like the way the hatch opens as opposed to the RAV4. The CD system is fabulous. I think the instrument panel has a nice lighting effect. Overall the vehicle seems like a very well built vehicle.

rear door, superior radio/CD player, heated front seats, large alloy wheels, center console, power driver seat with lumbar support, leather, cargo tray (extra), dual deck cargo shelf, ABS, tire-pressure monitoring system (saved me already), heated exterior mirrors; excellent included package; price

Interior layout is comfortable and roomy for size of vehicle. Heated leather seats are nice and the arm rest is ideal. Controls are attractive and convenient. Overall nice car for the money.

The feel of the car on the road at 70mph is secure, safe, and smooth. Little road noise. Superb leather seats with great back support. XM radio is outstanding quality. The exterior design is beautiful and the interior is functional and handsome. What a GREAT automobile.

The red is a great color. Looks ok with light dirt. Car has good pep for a 4 cyl. Easily good enough for getting onto+for hwy. The front seat will lay flat. It would need seat protection I think it would allow 2x4's to be carried. Has good cargo space and even with my whining, it is comfortable.

The way the dash is set up and the height for getting in and out.

Sound system, quiet engine, no road noise and smooth ride. You just have to experience the ride to understand my comments. Seats are supportive and of high quality leather. We purchased no options - you don't need them.



Generally: size/functionality, solid quality, styling, room and visibility. Specifically: transmission (smooth with an outstanding power curve for a 4 cyl., MPG better than sticker - really. Interior controls are very functional and accessible.

I love the aesthetics of the exterior design (the hood spoiler accessory makes it a frugal cousin of the X3), the utility of the interior design, nice stereo, excellent air-flow for climate control, low engine noise (w/good gas), and a black plastic composite bumper for parallel parking in the city.

1. High seating offers panoramic view, exquisite exterior design. 2. Trunk door opens upward instead of side. 3. Spare tire store inside the trunk and not dangling on the back. 4. Great CD player.

Back up camera, split temp in front, and heated front seats, nav system.

Overall comfort and built in XM radio.

Satellite radio, Back-up sensors and the Remote start turning on heated mirrors, rear defrosters and front windshield defrosters. Also will turn on heated seat if you leave the switch in the on position the night before.

Love the steering - very zippy! It reminds me of my husband's old Honda Prelude. I still hear about how "I never should have traded that car in!" Also love the back lift-up hatch as opposed to the Rav4's back end door that opens to traffic and not the sidewalk.

My extra mirror in my sunglass holder. I can see my son better!



Hatch closes easily. Doors open wide.

gas mileage, oil life indicator, place to put my purse on the floor :P

I love everything about my cr-v



Nav System with voice command, XM Radio with free trial period

I like the Honda logo on the front, it will help me getting rid of this car. "Good resale value"

Instrument panel is sweet, AWD is handy.

Love, love, love the entire car!

Comfortable leather seats, great dual climate control, plenty of cargo space and flexibility, excellent mpg (have been averaging about 26 mpg), and stylish interior/exterior.

Quality or material. It has an Excellent ride, its very tight and it has the best crash and safety rating to keep my wife safe. 

Excellent gas mileage. Averaged 31 on recent highway trip.

Handling, stereo, moonroof. Rav4 steering is electric and feels unnatural. CRV has great steering feedback. There is enough power for conservative driving. Made in Ohio!

Excellent steering feel and response. Steering weighted just right!!! Nice interior materials, Well shaped seat, great visibility sitting high without any large blind spots, and very stable feeling on higher speed turns like on ramps. The suspension really follows the bumps in the road.

Cruise Control is Standard--great for fuel economy. Huge trunk. Safety, Safety, Safety! It's not a minivan!

Gas mileage.

Gas mileage and comfort

Very easy to drive. Easy to fold down the rear seats. Has terrific safety features. System which tells you when you need an oil change or when you have low tire pressure.

Smooth transmission, cabin lay-out, responsive steering and room. Pleasantly surprised with fuel efficiency thus far on the highway. I am careful, but not slow, and it's been much better than advertised.

Instant mpg and average mpg display, outside temperature display, stereo console with button on steering wheel. Sun roof, room, tumbled backseat, cargo shelf, decent mileage, comfortable and attractive looking. Also the cool little convex mirror so you can talk to people in backseat with eye contact.

Nimble handling and comfortable seating. Good headroom.

love the exterior desin, the steering wheel, the traction and stability control, the glacier blue color.

I bought the EXL, so I have all the bells and whistles...Navigation is great, leather, heated seating, fun to drive!

Navigation system and sound system

Handling and reliability.

All the options... the navi is excellent, back up camera, stereo sys, interior is comfortable, exterior is eye-catching

Handling! Access (strapping in the kids and driving height). Built-in satellite radio. Fun to drive. Honda reliability. 

Leather seats, tons of storage space throughout, gear shift placement, ease of handling

Design, fit and finish are excellent, handling... And, it is a Honda.

Style, handling, build quality.

Navigation and rear view camera.

Smooth ride, the space - lots of leg room and storage in back. 

Well after the problems it's hard to see anything good. It looks like every other grocery getter out there. No fear driving this as it can't do much as far as performance.

Dash layout, real time MPG readout (helps you adjust your driving habits to maximize fuel economy). MPG is better than my 02 - averaging around 23/24 with a mix of city/hwy. City driving - 21 MPG.

Looks, fit & finish. Feels very well put together. Voice navigation w/climate control. Rear view camera is surprisingly effective/useful, even though window visibility is fantastic. The way the back seats fold up is simple and quick after you've done it once. The back hatch is a pleasure to use.

Considering it is a small SUV, I like the way it handles on the interstate. The four cylinder is smooth and has enough power for my driving. I like the maintenance minder and associated displays. The seating space is good in both front and back, with some rear cargo space still left .

Sunroof, 6-disk CD, AWD

Like I said earlier, my favorite feature is the navigation system, very user friendly and will make long road trips much easier and more enjoyable.

Reliability... no problems yet! and gas mileage.

Dual climate control, acceleration (after that odd hesitation), maneuverability, the gate lifting up instead of sideways, good sound system.

Reliability, comfort, style

slight illumination in cab at night from tiny blue light on ceiling

Comfortable seat, steering wheel hand grips, great leather quality, nice use of textures and colors in the interior (I have the Black Pearl exterior w/ Ivory interior). The sunroof is really quiet when open, and all of the instruments are clear and of good quality.

1. Intuitive Dashboard controls. 2. Zippier and fun to drive 3. Exterior look. 4. 6 CD changer 

MPG's, for sure...averaging 25.8 mpg's (about 50/50 town/highway) on the first tank!! Handling is great. 8 cup holders...awesome. A lot of standard features (even on the base model) like power, tire pressure monitor, digital display. Price, when I thought Honda was always too much $$, was great.

Love the ride and the real time AWD. Especially like the spare being inside and not back mounted as in previous years.

Creature comforts, layout, sunroof, navigation, fit and finish... well, I like it all.

instrumentation, good mileage, tight steering all excellent

Gas mileage. Easy to drive. Roomy. Leather interior. Satellite radio and stereo system. Back seat center console and reclining seats.

On a nice day we love to open the sun roof. The Nav. system is great but takes some getting use to. Also like the back-up camera. My wife loves the heated seats. The rear storage & back seat fold down is wonderful. Overall we both love driving the CR-V. 

Sunroof, heated seats and mirrors, interior layout and spaciousness.

Stereo system phenomenal with subwoofer. Can clearly hear all instruments playing. Love the moon roof - good for those days when it's too cool to open all windows yet not hot enough for a/c. Enjoy sporty feel driving on highway. Smooth ride on city streets. Great gas mileage. Borrego beige hides dirt.

Comfort; power driver's seat; XM satellite radio; acceleration; responsive steering; braking

Interior lighting/chrome interior, handles/spacious/lumbar support

Looks nice from the outside, great seating design, fun to drive. 

Interiors/Moonroof/Spacious

Stereo controls on the steering wheel. The back seats easily fold down for extra storage. The CRV has a very smooth ride.



MP3 jack. 

[1] Navigation [2] Voice control for audio, climate, & navigation

Great mileage, comfort of ride, visibility, feel sturdy, and standard features seem to be a bit more than on most vehicles. Like the rubber tray in the rear compartment for catching spills. We are over 60 and getting in and out is real easy, and lots of cargo room.

Overall comfort, mpg, sunroof and radio.

Exterior styling -- great reliability -- great handling and comfort.

270Watt Stereo with 6 CD Changer and XM Radio. Auto Up and Down drivers window. Sunroof that does not buffet while driving on highway. 

Sun roof



Quality, quality, quality. Everything just feels solid. Zippy around town.



performance, exterior

Handling, performance, and reliability

Spacious cargo area; great head room; amazingly small turning radius.

Audio system, fold up back seats, 4 wheel drive, maintenance minder system.

I like color and interior comfort. Not bad mpg either. Great room and comfort for adults both front and back. Lots of storage.

leather seats are comfortable with seat warmer for winter; navigation system is handy and easy to use; decent mileage (21 mpg in town and 28 on highway); trunk hatch opens straight up instead of sideways; looks better than competing vehicles that have spare tire sitting on back hatch.

I-Pod plug in. Great windshield wipers. Extra leg room for the rear passengers (the seats can slide back).

Nav. and backup camera

Radio, Steering feel, driver comfort, locations of radio and climate controls.

Dashboard layout, MP3 player hookup, comfortable ride. (I don't know what happen to the guy that comment about wind noise) I had moderate wind noise driving at 70.

Everything about the car!!! It has been wonderfully designed inside and out.

I-Pod plug convenient and functional, seats comfortable, ride is quieter than I would have thought, you can put the windows down with key in acc., lots of ways to put down the back seats, cruise control conveniently on steering wheel.



Written by: 

Interior, performance, exterior styling.

PCMCIA card slot for listening to MP3s, heated seats, very sharp instrument panel, well thought out overall controls.

Fuel mileage

Interior leg / head room. Back seat configuration (kids love the reclining feature).

Ride and handling,overall fit and finish And hopefully Hondas reliability.

XM radio, heated seats, power drivers seat, nicely equipped.

