Safety ( side curtain airbags, as well as front, Tire pressure monitor,front active headrests etc...) Keyless entry, Sirius radio, USB and aux inputs, good on gas,10 year warranty, smooth ride and great value...there are so many.

Like the features electric windows, cruise, sat radio.

The ride is very smooth and handling is very good. Safety features are very impressive.The rear reclining seats and their complete fold down ability are great features. Since I'm in Texas, the AC is a huge selling feature and the Sportage (and Kia's in general) have the best I've seen by far

Great sound system, like the satalite radio, don't loose stations in the mountains. Leather interior look great and seats are very comfortable.

Quality, design, value



Looks seats reclining in back and folding flat

Warranty, Exterior design

Love the fact that it is a front wheel drive SUV and glad it comes with keyless entry. 2008 used that I looked at did not have keyless.

- Safety features (air bags, curtains ..., ranked as top). - Space - Flat folding 2nd row seat + reclining - all the standard features (hard to find what is missing) - Warranty + platinum (if purchased): no extra cost for 10 yrs except maintenance

interior and exterior styling, smooth ride

Smooth ride, great handling, quick pick up, quiet, quality appointments, suprisingly comfortable back seat (and LOVE the ease of lowering them for the dogs as opposed to dragging in & out), great sound system. Can't say enough. What a pleasant surprise this vehicle is!

Price & value, ergonomic no-nonsense interior, USB & aux input connections, interior space & comfort, Smokey Brown color, long-throw shifter, most of the features are standard in base trim, flat-fold rear seats, durability of materials, Kia warranty, no-pressure dealership purchasing experience.

I love the legroom and the way it rides on the highway (smooth) 

Quality, warranty, all around safe vehicle, satelite radio is excellent, a lot of storage especially when you fold down the rear seats, good visibility,4X4. Exterior finish is excellent,good seating posit., love that you have the option of only opening the rear window to put items in the cargo area.

Overall interior configuration and finishes are excellent. Entertainment system and its component and bluetooth options are superior.

Great on fuel, comfortable, not too small and not too big! I love it!

The 4 wheel drive feature is a must in our area because of the harsh winters. Kia has a great 4 wheel lock and all wheel drive feature on the Sportage that exeeds our expectations.

Back seat lean back and the seats are very comfortable.

Back seats lean back for snoozing.

Warranty, price, 4x4, comfort

