looks of the exterior of the car.

The electronics, handling, hp, comfort, and the body is gorgeous! Seamless iPhone integration! The people at Chevy Chase Nissan were outstanding which made the whole buying experience that much better. My wife loves the car and is just great all the way around!

seating,great looks in and out, radio, large sunroof

CVT; BOSE; NAV; BACK UP CAMERA; ACCELERATION; QUIET; Exterior design gets great compliments; Interior design, quality and creature comforts. 

The car has nice looks Fun to drive straight

Comfort and Performance,this car at 130miles/hour is really quiet and still is asking x more.

Body style, VERY comfortable driver's seat- feels like a comfy recliner, light in the trunk which is something the IS doesn't have, 19 in. tires, charcoal interior has great detailed piano stitching, great handling on turns, lots of room in the back seat and trunk, plenty of leg room in the front

Bluetooth, Horse Power, decent MPGs.

Voice control, panoramic sunroof, IPOD connection, bluetooth integration 

Quiet ride, great interior. This car is SOLID, you can actually hear the doors seal when you close them. Bose sound rocks!

Beautiful and aggressive looking, smooth, powerful, comfortable, new design, standard features plus package are superb, spacious, Bose sound system, intelligent key with push start.

Navigation, acceleration, quiet drive. Power, paddle shifters, looks, build quality. The steering is wow. Drive inspires confidence. Way to go Nissan.

Smooth drive, cooled seats, visor in rear window, get up and go! The technology (lots of features), comfort, and best of all style and class.

Everything!

Technology package - love the bluetooth, navigation system and the iPod hookup. The leather seats are really nice and the interior feels like a sports car. I can not wait for winter to experience the heated seats and steering wheel.

Touch screen nav, various sources for music entertainment, instrument layout

The pushbutton start & keyless entry system are awesome, as well as the dual moonroof, touchscreen nav, bluetooth, and the rear power sunshade is pretty cool (especially when people pull up behind you - the look on their faces!!)

CVT. This thing is smooth! Nav system is feature rich and intuitive. Sounds silly, but nobody does the A/C like Nissan! This thing is cold fast, and powerful!

The 290 HP engine is a blast! The CVT took me a while to get used to, but now I can't imagine going back to a "normal" setup. It provides a smooth, shift free ride. The navigation is pretty easy and I like the built in hard drive for music storage. All around great car inside and out !

As I explained above, this car is not perfect, but to me it's a perfect blend of luxury, sport, and technology, all at a price that cannot be ignored. For all the features this car has, I cannot complain about anything other than I wish it was free. I get compliments everywhere I go. 

The panorama roof, that cvt is smooth baby! Everything is hot this time around.

290 hp engine, styling, level of comfort.

So many of them, performance, fun to drive, Bose stereo and incredibly comfortable leather seats inside. The layout of the instruments and placement of everything inside for the driver is very well designed.

This thing turns on a dime?and has great acceleration. The navigation control center and Bose system is awesome. The double moon roof and the driver side air conditioned seats are my personal favorites.

Heated/fan cooled seats, awesome Bose sound! Panoramic dual sunroof, 9.3 Gig hard drive so I can rip my CDs to my cars memory! Touchscreen nav, bluetooth, and iPod interface through stereo.

1) The feel of the drive. 2) I love the exterior body shape and the way its hood and head lights are designed. 3) interior is pretty nice with better seats & better trim and console

Dual sun roof, iPod interface with the monitor, back-up camera, sleek body lines. 290 horses accelerate very smoothly with the CVT. Premium package has very nice leather interior. Surprising room for this 6'1" driver.

Everything! Nissan has given back the "flagship" title to the new Maxima. It's fast, luxurious, packed with the latest technology, nice looks, all for a great price tag!

The extension on the drivers seat for thigh support is great. The information screen is very clear and easy to read. Of course, the Navtec system is very helpful.

Interior and exterior design.



Appearance, smoothness of the drive, interior, stereo system.

Everything

The engine and transmission are an engineering masterpiece. The beautiful styling.

Premium Package is worth the extra money - dual sunroofs, air conditioned seat, rear seat controls, sunshade, etc.. I originally thought my Acura TL/ELS radio was better than the Maxima's Bose. Over the last 1 year, I now believe the Bose is BETTER than the ELS sound system! Love the 9Gb harddrive

acceleration style audio price

Looks, sound, navi, premium leather seats, backup camera.

Shape & new bold / risky design. I love it! Premium Bose sound system gives it a luxury feel. Excellent Technology Package, including birds-eye view GPS, fully integrated control system, voice control, etc. On my particular car, my favorite is the colors. Super Black with Tan Leather interior. HOT!

Interior/exterior design; drive & handling.

Navigation, iPod interface, key fob



I think my favorite feature of my Max has to be the Xenon headlights. I am diabetic, and my nightsight isn't what it used to be, and these Xenon low beams were fantastic. I just wish the high beams were also Xenon.

looks and performance.

Nav, touch screen, ipod connectivity, glass roof, backup camera, seats (very comfortable), turn signals on side view mirrors, led tail lights, push button start

Seats are much more comfortable than the prior model. Thigh extender helps for taller folks.

The Ipod interface, comfy seats, fun to hold steering wheel, spaciousness of the cabin. 

Exterior styling (it's a head turner), powerful engine, handling, and interior comfort.

Dual sunroof, this is not surprisingly on of my favorite features. I have 2 young kids who sit in the backseat, and the glass room really brightens up the interior. Front seat design makes it feel like there is more rear room, and the lack of a "hump" in the middle. MPG is good, given pwr

Bluetooth, Seat a/c,paddle shifters,XM radio,handling all around

Engine/CVT transmission combination, Keyless entry/ignition was a great suprise! Looks, Ride, interior is ultra-quiet. Build quality. Gas mileage not bad for a large car. I am currenty averaging 26 mpg.

I enjoy the ease of use for all technology systems. The I-Pod integration is beyond belief. The responsive VQ 3.5 V-6 at 290hp combined with CVT is light years beyond the competition. The bluetooth navigation and phone integration is an outstanding enhancement. 



style, wheels, comfort, sound system, navigation, power

Navigation,real time Traffic,bluetooth, ipod,Satellite radio,comfort, clean lines, power, Heated steering Wheel,

Horsepower, interior design.

Sporty looking with lots of power. Roomy. Great features like Nav w/ phone no. routing and hands free dialing. Although low to the ground, the ride is very comfortable. Bose system is awesome. Automatic headlamps and up/down front windows are great features along with push button start.

CVT, firmer seats than Lexus, center console computer, iPod integration, SmartKey, sports suspension, memory seat / mirror / steering wheel, Bluetooth hands-free phone, rear audio and heating controls (with switch to turn them off in front), backup camera with computer-drawn car footprint on screen

air conditioned drivers seat, keyless entry, paddleshifters, touch screen nav, dual moonroof

Bose audio system is totally awesome, 290HP V6 rocks, quite ride, and overall looks. Smart key is pretty neat also.

Steering auto entry adjust.

For me, the favorite feature of ths vehicle would be the way it looks. It attracts alot of attention. I almost went for a Caddy CTS but my daughter, who is 11, said the Caddy was an old man car.Thinking back to my Dads driving days, I remembered that he always had a Caddy. Love my Dad, no Caddy here.



My favorite audio feature is their Ipod setup. The Ipod station is invisible to the passengers because the hookup is inside the arm rest. And you can control the Ipod through the 7 inch touch screen which i really like! No more Cds' junking up my car. Haven't used the memory stick or hard drive yet.

Dual moonroof is one of my favorite things along with the great performance

body style

Exterior styling, limitless power, tech goodies

The new body style is great and it certainly turns heads. You would think you were driving a much more expensive car with the looks people give you.

Shape/Look of the car. Impressive acceleration. Comfortable. Performance on the snow. Paddle shifters. Awesome Bose sound. Panoramic dual sunroof, Rear view camera and mirror going down. Nice color information system. Plenty of features for your money!

The Sport package sports a 27% stiffer suspension than my 2006 Maxima. Also the Ds mode is highly addictive and hard to beat in manual mode. I love the cockpit look as well as the racing feel when you sit back and pound the accelerator. Most importantly, the mechanics of the car.

Styling, comfort, drive, and easy to use control panel for navigation, stereo, AC etc. I love this car. 

Tilt/telescopic heated steering wheel and seats, improved rear window visibility over 2008 SE, dashboard, plenty of heat.

The extras inside and the car looks really good. Car is pretty good on gas. The navigation and radio, and compact flash and 8.3G hard drive. Lots of room inside, I did not get a chance to do much freeway driving but around town I was very comfortable at 6 feet and 245lbs.

Looks, comfortable, love the dash set up, nav system, blue tooth, gas mileage.

First and foremost power and drive train, handling. Sound system wish I had Music Box. Navigation system is a dream. Expect rear moon roof (not tried, brrr live in Maine) nice feature for rear passengers. Seat comfort. Styling fit and finish. Blue tooth hands free cell phone linkage.

Great view looking out, with flared fenders like in the G35. Awesome engine sound. Excellent ergonomics. It has almost all the options you would expect, including little things like auto dimming rear view mirror and a pollen filter, which is a big deal in the desert. Oh, and it?s a chick magnet lol!

Driveability, performance, looks, comfort, gas mileage, looks, GPS, sound system, did I say looks??? This car is a great value... lots of bang for the buck. I get compliments all the time! Paddle shifters work great with the CVT.

Roominess to driver, cockpit feel, 19 inch tires, and near silent road noise, CVT tranny is unyielding to flaw and powerful, Bose 11 speakers, and on, and on, and on

Heated seats and steering wheel, push start, nav system, Bose stereo, backup camera, stylish look, controls accessible, acceleration when you need it, memory drivers seat. You are getting a lot for your dollar!

Torque, handling, seats (everyone loves the seats they are so comfortable), best looking car out there.

The surprising nimbleness of this sedan, even at high speeds. Lush interior and features at reasonable price. Eye-catching design - not cookie cutter.

The toggle shift. The rear auto net. Dual sun roofs and the heated steering wheel and seats and the dash set up and the power. I wish I had the navigation.

V6 power, stereo system, handling. Brakes are great. Style and overall performance. This car turns heads.

Navigation, Hard drive for music, Ipod plug-in, all internal controls, heated steering wheel.

Bluetooth, xm radio, cool seat, electric tilt and telescopic wheel, memory seats and settings, backup camera and voice controled navigation and phone

Handling and mileage. Shortly after purchase, took 42K mile trip. avg. 30+ thru various terrains. Somewhere in Utah, an 09 Vet owner is wondering why he couldn't get around this vehicle thru the esses. Lots of positive comments on design and interior

Cockpit feel, responsive steering, great new design and look.

CVT is growing on me. Engine has more power than I need. Handles very well. Everything I need is included in this base model.

Bluetooth, nav system, interior layout and exterior look. Excellent pick up.

Performance and exterior design

The push start and Intelligentkey

Quality of materials,rear shade to keep sun off the kiddos, rear view camera that shows where your wheels will end up, voice activated nav (I never use the nav in my wife's Tahoe because it is manual entry, now I use it all the time), stereo system and the seamless iPod interface. The car rocks! 

We loved the styling. Ours is black and with all the chrome, it looks as rich and classy as a BMW or Lexus. The dash is Young looking, not stuffy, and it has a great nav system, fantastic Music Box Bose radio, and features like heated seats, memory positioning, which make you feel quite pampered.



Push your foot into the pedal and it will let you know there is power there. The 18s and the suspension pull you through corner without effort. The interior is very comfortable and a please to be in for long periods. I don't have one favorite feature because there are too many to list!

Gas mileage. Exterior design. Bluetooth. Built in GPS.

19 in. wheels, spoiler, push-button ignition, paddle shifters, exterior lines, leather interior and Bose system.

Excellent handling for a 290 HP front- wheel car. Maxima has the best CVT implemented in the market. Inside, the Bose stereo provides an amazing sound to multiple music sources. Excellent iPod integration. High quality materials inside and out, including comfortable leather seats. Very quiet ride.

Bluetooth, interior design.

Sport Lux appearance and ride. Leather seats, Bose stereo.

Engine, CVT, mileage, exterior and interior design.

Refrigerated seats and dual moon roof.

Bluetooth, air conditioned drivers seat, keyless entry and ignition

Navigation system, Bluetooth hands-free capability, NavTraffic, Bose sound system, iPod integration, cooled/heated driver's seat, smooth ride, gas mileage (approx. 21 MPG mixed driving).

Navi, sound system, technology package. Honestly seems just like an M35, just $15,000 less.

Incredible power and performance, great handling, comfy seats, well designed cockpit, eye catching design, very solid, substantial car.

Technology package - bluetooth/nav/voice recognition system. XM traffic is a must if you commute in a busy metropolitan area. The paddle shifters/transmission. The factory rims are the best I've seen to date. iPod connector should be standard on ALL vehicles.

Power, luxury feel, its got it all. Now I make up reasons to go out for a drive.

Leather seats, XM radio, 19" wheels, EVERYTHING!

