Ride,interior,electronic's, looks

The electronic "toys" are great, one touch rear deck raise and lower, the GPS, the sound system, as well as the AC/ windows, and controls on the steering wheel. The sunroof is great too letting in a lot fresh air, large enough to be very effective. The seats are very comfortable and adjustable. 

Third row seating option and extra carrying capacity.Fuel savings in context of an SUV with a HEMI..

Chrome wheels, reclining second row bucket seats, Hemi engine, Navigation system, leather and suede upholstery, power rear door hatch, unique styling. I love the wood trim and the wood steering wheel. Access to third row seats is very easy. I think the whole package is rather elegant.

Hemi, Most affordable vehicle in this class size and features, 3 rows of seats, Exterior Style, Touch screen functions, Neat programmable features, Power lift gate, Standard auto start, Great AC when put into Max mode. Not many others have it, nor will anymore. 

Sirius TV, remote start, power liftgate, adjustable pedals

Smooth ride. Great A/C. Gas mileage better than most SUV's of this size. Nice looks. Side mirrors are large and help you see around you. 90 degree rear doors open for easy passenger entry.

Hemi, seating comfort, GPS, sound system

Three row seating configuration, hybrid, electronics, exterior size, style, quietness.

Love the Hybrid engine combined with the V8 and 4-wheel drive. The gas mileage is excellent for a vehicle in this class. I enjoy the audio controls on the steering wheel, the ability to hook in my iPod, the hands-free bluetooth and overall upscale designed interior.

Quiet ride compared to other full size SUV's, and certainly for any in the size and price category. Excellent interior appointments and the electronics are superb. That 400 hp hemi is available when you need it and there simply isn't a better engine on the market.

Navigation and camera system.

Satellite radio and navagation. 20 inch wheels. 5.7 hemi. Classic looks.

The smooth ride and incredible power of the HEMI.

