Blue tooth works well with little road noise coming over the phone. Rear heat and air. It looks soooo coool!

Sync, roomy interior, styling, fuel economy

Interior space, comfortable seating.

The most comfortable seats of any vehicle we tested. Love the roominess, the Sync feature for handsfree, the "standard" outlet in the back, numerous cup holders, usb port for jump drives loaded with music, the list goes on and on!

roomy and fun

Everything about the flex is tough but beautiful.

Comfortable Interior, Incredible Ride, Sync hands free cell phone, Easy to get in and out because its low to the ground, Head turning looks, Power flip back 2nd row seats, 4 Sunroofs, 3 row seating for seven Adults. Weather radar, gas station prices and movie listings using the built in Travel Link.

Center console and controls - easy to use. Vista roof is very nice. Navigation with back-up camera is a must. Interchangeable interior lighting accents are fun. LOTS of cup holders and storage - well done! Courtesy lights under exterior mirrors are a life-saver.

Lots and Lots of room ... This is the easiest car to get in and out of with its oversize doors and being lower to the ground my mother who is 89 also has no problem getting in and out ... 

Size of navigation screen. Makes other ones appear to be the size of postage stamps. Outstanding 2nd row legroom. Ride is excellent.

The flexibility and comfort.

My favorite features about the Flex are the navigation system, plug sockets, sync system, and sun roofs.

The drive, Sirius.Red paint. Multiple temp controls. Rear door is very easy to handle. Info center on dash. Tons of space in 2nd row

Sync, vista multi panel roof

The navigation system is top notch, industry best. Sync and Sirius Travel link are keep me smiling. Kids love the DVD player. Best seat in the car is definitely the 2nd row; so much leg room it's unbeliveable comfy (comes with footrests too). Plenty of storage space even with 3rd row up!

Unique styling. It's a head turner, we gets lots of comments like: "what is this?". Riding comfort. It's a cross between your dad's Cadailac or Lincoln and your old SUV. Styling and fund to drive. The kids love it and my wife enjoy's Flexin'. Push button access to 3rd row seating.



Good execution of Sync technology, much better design and fit/finish than previous Ford products, nice touches like large sunroof and rear refrigerator

Navigation/travel link 

Styling. Sync with Nav and touch screen. Comfort. Quiet and stable on the freeway. Probably the nicest interior you can get in this price range, and it doesn't drive like a truck or mini van (unlike Pilot and Acadia). Overall 9.5 out of 10. You won't be dissapointed!

Sync, and seat configuration

Microsoft Sync system, Sirius satelite Information Link. Plush, quiet interior. Comfortable suspension. Backup camera

Looks, space, interior functionality, mileage

Luxury interior feel, fold-flat 2nd & 3rd row seats, mileage for large vehicle, SYNC 

Quality, interior room, large seats, Sony sync radio, hands free cell phone hook up. My wife and I are senior citizens and have difficulty in getting in and out of sedans. Ease of getting in and out of our Flex is a blessing for us. 

Gas mileage. Interior room (incl. storage well behind third row!) is as good or better than Navigator (just miss seating for 8th person). Sync is way cool. Ride is a good or better than Navigator.

Comfortable seats, lots of storage. Also, this vehicle handles very well. You do not feel like you are driving such a large vehicle. In terms of handling, it is close to a Lexus SUV, and far superior to a Escalade, Mazda, or other SUV.

Split 2nd row, auto fold seating, sync (although I am confused at all it does), ambient lightinf I love and the driver display panel is amazing, tailgate seating is pretty wild too (says my 16 year old) Oh and the 'jukebox' which lets me record my cds to the car itself is the best feature ever made

SYNC. Fold flat rear seats. Power lift rear door which can be opened with the key fob -- really nice when have a load of groceries in my arms. Flexibility

Interior desing and rear leg room. The Sync works well. The seats are amazingly comfortable. It so quiet! Mileage is suprisingly high for a car this size. It just looks cool and turn heads. 

Sync system, interior detail, ample storage space for even small items such as fold away sunglasses holder, 2 tone color

All the seats lay down for so much room 

Great technology with Sync system.

Distinctive classy look; cabin comfort and feel. This vehcile is like being in a custom media room. The cabin ambience is superb, smooth tight drive.

The Sync voice command system is awesome. It was easy to set up all three of our cell phones (up to 12 can be linked) to the system and it even downloads your address book. The speaker phone is wonderful. The hidden touchpad keyless entry is awesome too.

Sync, ride, 6 speed transmission, fun to drive, high MPG on both highway and city driving, and carries a huge quantity of cargo too.

Two-tone paint choices, interior, and the Ford quality.

The way all the seats fold down and the low stance the Flex has.

All the options, rear refrigerator console, vista sunroof, color combination, powerful engine, smooth ride, overall good vehicle

 Spaciousness of interior, smoothness of ride, uses basic unleaded gas

Extreme comfort, Sync, Sirrius, heated seats,storage options in the back.

Refrigerator, 110v outlet, styling

Love the interior as well as easy click access to the tailgate. My husband is tall and the leg and head space accommodates both of us. Quiet and tight on the highway. 

Power Lift Gate, Sync, 3rd row seats flip backwards so you can tailgate/watch drive in movies, etc. and relax. Smooth ride. Sony stereo is very good for factory stereo. Interior Materials. Two-Tone Roof. Tons of headroom....TONS.

The moon roofs, the integrated DVD with wireless headphones, sync for hands free calling and controlling the audio system. 

Room for my family

Sync, vista roof, family DVD, HID headlights, quality interior materials, sweet sound system, ride / handling, NVH, doesn't look or drive like our Honda mini-van (hated it), kids love the ambient lighting. Also love the fact that free oil changes are the only reason I've been back to the dealer.

 sync, garage door opener, power lift on back, HID lights, convenience package, ice blue with white top just looks and feels cool

Solid, safe feeling driving. Like on rails.Quiet, smooth, with good pickup.

Styling: I really like: Vista Roof Two Tone color scheme. SYNC hands free phone & audio operation Leather on Limited is very high quality.

Room, ride, and space. Yes the looks it is nerdy sophistication, nothing else like it in the parking lot.

Safety; really quiet inside (there's a zen-like tranquility driving, at least without kids aboard); reasonably responsive; affordable. Doesn't look, sound, or drive like a minivan. My wife thinks it rides better than our 2004 XC70. USB drive music in and car diagnostic info out, via Sync.

SYNC, ride, versatility

Exterior styling, fun to drive, handles great, and has no trouble accelerating with the best of the them. Also like the Sync system (didn't think I would use it but do all the time now), four wheel auto anti-skid and anti-roll, rear backup warning, and thoughtful media control features.

The audio system is excellent and I look forward to using Sync to call up our tunes. I also like how sturdy everything is, built like a tank and feels great driving. Did I mention the audio, wow!



Comfort Sync

Vista Roof Refrigerator Sync Sirrius Radio Push Button Tail Gate Opener & Closer 

The seats and the ride are a little better then my jeep but not by much.

SYNC, Vista roof, Interior design, Ride and handeling.

Very comfy. Rides like a car. Lots of room. Peppy engine.

Limo comfort in the second row. I'm 6'4" and 250 pounds. My son is 6' 2" and 220 pounds. We had plenty of room in the second row. My grandson is nearly our size and was happy in the third row. Plenty of space. Fold down the seats and it's a van. Great sound system. Handles like a sports car!

Great ride & handling the pick up is like a race car and it is the most comfortable seats!

The Flex's best feature is its overall thoughtfulness. Nothing is frivolous, and the designers took obvious care to ensure nothing was "left out". All 3 rows are perfectly usable. It is simply a very well-designed, well-built vehicle whose comfort equals its other tremendous traits.

The car drives and rides very very nice. Get 26 MPG on road consistently. The interior is well laid out and very comfortable. Great auto! Great Job Ford.

The Sync/ Nav system. At first glance seems a little intimidating to learn but it's actually quite simple. Loaded with useful features. Seating is also very comfortable with the LTD trim

I love the SYNC!

push button exit for third row passengers, key remote for rear entry, steering wheel is so smooth, large windows and visibility

Style (love the 2 tone roof) and roominess--plenty of room in the 3rd row for passengers and I can fit a stroller in the back w/o having to put the 3rd row down.

My kids love the DVD system and so does Mom! :) I love the SYNC system as it keeps my hands on the wheel and not fiddling with the iPod. 

Everything, for a larger car or in this case truck the back up sensors help out a lot. the seating also helps with kids. I love everything about this car. 

Seating and the sound system.

The seats, the view out, the exceptional ride, the comfort, handling, stereo, sync is a blast, the bluetooth phone hook up is nice, etc etc. There really isn't anything to complain about!

Comfort, handling,interior trim

SYNC, serrius and comfort and relaxation.

I like how the middle seat folds down with a push of a button. It is super easy for someone to get in the third seat.

Everything is in reach of the driver. Seat heaters.

Room, Seat comfort and layout. Easy to configure and learn gadgets. Front, middle and third row can have their own entertainment via the multi-channel system.

Sync, body style, stereo, comfort

The overall handling, the sound system and the vista roof are favorites along with the lighting package offered.

The look and the drive

automatic lift no cap gas sync phone and ipod space without being too long or too wide design everything

Our favorite feature is the sound system. Kids ranging from 7-18 the music varies and so does the volume. The Sony system was well worth the$. Combine the sync control of the music system with 5000 songs and you get what you want when you ask for it. Great surround sound for action movies too.

Room Room Room and of course sync and power lift gate are great. I got a higher end SEL and it has numerous features that are all very cool. Like the 10 minute radio on feature and how it cuts off when you open the driver side door.

Luxury quietness and ride, great MPG, Sync.

Everything, the unique overall look inside and out. I am in a limo leaning and cruising, sirrus blowing and ambience lighting, COOL! Keyless entry simply marvelous! Silver with white top, VISTA ROOF, SWEET!

It's an American car; we hadn't bought one in a while if ever and that is important to consider. Panoramic sun roof, SYNC, comfortable seats, auto folding second row, white roof gives it a Cooper Car look...unique, not a mini- van!

The Seats are Outstanding! Driving view and steering feel are Mercedes Like.

Sync, 19" rims, comfortable heated leather seats, built in inverter

SYNC, SYNC, SYNC!!! Sirius Radio, comfort of seats, wide doors, body style and white roof! The room of a mini van but not a mini van!!

Comfort, Safety, Style and Space

Sync, Fuel economy(for it's size), limo-like ride, interior comfort and roominess. One of the most consistent cruise controls ever.

Sync, Interior and Exterior Looks. Storage room behind 3rd row is great design.

SYNC, Sirius-XM radio, navigation system is simply awesome. As a matter of fact, the entire electronics package i.e. SYNC, Nav, CD, radio et al is, simply put, outstanding!

None

SYNC, voice command navigation system. Seating, styling!

Seats are perfect. Highway straight line tracking rivals Mercedes. Overall "heavy" feel is outstanding. Did we mention the seat comfort?

IPOD compatible, visi roof, nav system is user- friendly, great stereo, bucket seats on 2nd row, flexible seating arrangements.

We are in love with the Sync feature. I didn't even realize this kind of technology was available. The DVD player is also a must have for the kids. Everything is so easy to use from the cruise control to dual climate control to the Sync. It's awesome!

Comfy seats, smooth ride, exceptional handling, and quick pick up.

The roadability and quiet are great. It's a luxury ride with a lovely fit and finish. The second row power folding seat mechanism is handy. 

The ride is great. It is very quiet & comfortable. The visibility is excellent. Sync is a really nice feature to have. I love all the hands-free features. Very spacious interior. Nice turning radius.

Love the Sync, the roomy interior, and the stylish exterior.

The navigation incorporated with Sirius satellite is the best I have seen.

Love the styling, seats, Sync system, flexibility, quality of materials. 

Smooth ride, Interior space is plentiful, interior does not look cheap, Lots of cargo space, high off the ground, big enough for my 350 lb body.

Seats are absolutely perfect! Steering wheel is fat,small and perfect! Love the ride and visibility. Legroom is like the back seat of a BMW 750, accept $100,000 cheaper. 20MPG combined on the computer!

Navigation, vista roof, sound system, lighting package

I love the bold new look! That's the way to go Ford! I also love the seats, they remind me of the first class seats in the airplanes.

Sound system with the DVD player and satellite radio. Comfortable ride and very quiet on the road. 5 star safety rating.

Quiet, smooth ride, great vision, massive cabin space, Technology- Sat radio, travel link, blue tooth. Fit and finish. Lower door panels wrap under vehilcle so no more dirty pant legs( nice touch and good out of the box thinking)

Vista moonroof, nav system, Sirius travel link

Seating, space for our family, traditional "station wagon" design is welcome change over our old Villager minivan. Very comfortable.

Instrument panel says it all. Great!



Seat comfort, limo/BMW7-like leg room; Separate seats in 2nd row; Sync system is best entertainment/nav system in world; very quiet, smooth, ride with smooth power train that can handle anything and is still very reasonable on gas for size; automatic folding 2nd row; 110V plug; Ford brand not flashy

The looks, drive, quietness, and the cool stuff inside.

Navigation, SYNC, sunroof, ambient lighting. Quality interior, comfortible seats.

Navigation /seats

