Sport button, handling, exhaust note, manumatic shift feature, mood lighting, and bolstered seats up front.

Panoramic Sunroof, Exterior Design, Go - Cart Handling. 

Performance: I can take corners the way I never could before. I can also fit in parking spaces that I never could before. 

Love the blue tooth for my cell phone, always use the sport button for a little more pep. Very happy with the base engine using regular gasoline. Love the great gas mileage. Excellent ac.

Performance, handling and iconic brand status.



As Edmund's says, it truly is a "go-kart on steroids".



I really like the handing and fun factor on this car it really makes me fell like im in a race car. A other thing is the interior design its so cool its like nothing iv ever seen before. 

hands free phone a must, automatic ez to drive,i-pod hook-up.

The power & the MPG

there's an ineffable fun quality that has made me take more pointless rides in this car than any other i've driven, including 911's, turbos, mercedes, etc. it's the combo of handling, transmission and pep. surprisingly good exhaust note. hill holder takes drama out of hillstarts. great mileage too!

Cute exterior and interior design. Dual sun roof. Decent handling. 

Design, fuel efficiency, fun to drive, MINI people and club, etc.

It fits me perfectly...small enough that I feel in control, yet big enough to fit my needs. I love the way it handles...and I really like the radio features that list the station, singer and name of the tune..I've never seen that before!

The exhaust note is perfect, the exterior is gorgeous, its handling is unparalleled, the acceleration is blindingly quick, and the waves from other MINI owners are awesome, but when I walk outside tired and grumpy every morning and re-realize I commute in this car, my day becomes infinitely better.

Love the heated seats, sunroof, sport button, interior mood lighting, great gas mileage and it looks fabulous!!! I have people commenting about it all the time.

Good (NOT GREAT) mpg (27-28 overall) Exterior styling fantastic seats

Handling and the sense of control the car's design gives the driver. Road feedback is impressive, yes it's small when mixed in with the typical monster SUV, at the very least, the car gives you the feeling you can drive your way around the elephants with little problem...

Aside from the fantastic handling, responsive speed my favorite options are the windshield wiper with automatic sensors, comfort access system and bluetooth - gas mileage 32+mpg overall avg

Love the interior comfort

the S button and highway mileage 45++

performance, style, comfort, fuel economy, handling characteristics, fun to drive, huge option configuration list, practicality and build quality. Would buy again.

Great go-cart ride, quick and handles great. Love the dual-sunroof. Don't have to worry about loosing my car in the sea of look a likes!

It corners like a go-cart.

1. "Sport" button transforms the "S" into a snarly little sports car by tightening shift points & steering. 2. Great wide power band at any speed -- NO discernible turbo lag. 3. Power top operation is a thing of beauty.

All of the high tech at your fingertips and fun to drive.

Double Sun-Roof, Manual 6 speed, Sport button, The fact that you can feel the road a little like a true BMW.

The push button start, the mood lighting, comfort access system, great sound system.

Brakes, steering response, sport button,gas mileage. It's great that you can still look cool. Interior mood lighting is really cool. 

 Sexy style, power, fuel economy,safety, quality 

I love the look of the vehicle and that it's reliable. The gas mileage factor is superior.

Brakes, steering response, sport button, lack of body roll, gas mileage. I love the fact that you can still look cool and hip in one even if you drop a few grand and make it a track-ready car. Interior mood lighting. Plenty of space for driver and passenger. HI-FI stereo is well worth the money. 

The little extras, like the warning light that comes on when the outside temperature drops low enough to freeze the roads. The lights on the base of the doors that illuminate your path out of the car. The windshield wipers that drop a notch in speed when the car comes to a standstill.

Handling and the sport button that tightens the steering and the gear ratios for better acceleration.

