Stereo, drop down tailgate, mileage, handling, red color, keyless entry, Sirius radio, bluetooth phone

Auto lights (daytime running, headlights when it gets dark), auto windshield wipers (knows when it's raining, speeds up when it's raining hard), bluetooth is awesome, love the FAST-key (great to not have to fish for keys in my bottomless purse). Great storage space and sound system, good visibility.

As above; the "sun and sound system" option rocks. Little things like the "touch" turn signals, dash and rear storage, and the tailgate 200# "seat" capacity make life much easier. Loading, unloading are a breeze.

Handling, Power, smoothness. AWD with Locking device option. High ground clearance (Very important here in Canada) the sunroof and warranty.

The warranty, the cost, the special 1.9% financing for 60 mo. The space available. The ride is really good especially for the money. They should push these vehicles more than they do.

Overall utility, non city gas mileage, sound system, auto down & UP drivers window, amount of driver information, setable electronic features, FAST Key system, backup camera, bluetooth, rain sensing wipers, exterior size/interior space ratio, setable AWD system, warranty

Blue tooth, 6-mo free Sirius, Black cloth w/ leather trim interior, room, stylish look, easy to drive, fantastic turning radius, sound system, comfort, & for only $700 more- extended the already awesome warranty for bumper-to- bumper to 10yr/100,000mi, not having to pull out my key to get in and out

Daytime running light, firm seats, lots of storage, great warranty, considering that this is an SUV and is only 4-cyl, this vehicle is relatively quiet, good MPGs (especially if you drive carefully).

Sun roof, smart key, stereo, 4wd/Awd.

Extremely stylish exterior, hands-free bluetooth and "bumping" stereo system w/Satellite Radio. Also love the "smart key" feature--never have to take out the keys!

Fold flat tail gate. 2nd row seats have great leg room. 3 glove boxes, great sound system. Lots of cargo space, cup holders that hold 20oz bottles, stabilizer bar, stereo controls on steering wheel, has a nice exterior look. Good gas mileage, good safety ratings, great price.

Warranty and sporty feel when driving.

Bluetooth. I'm averaging between 26-28 mpg, which I'm happy with. Smooth engine/tranny. Warranty. Price (23,700ish, sticker, which I did not pay). Lots of glovebox storage.

The keyless entry and ignition is my favorite unexpected feature, I never have to take the key out of my pocket. The auto wipers and headlights are a nice touch. I love the backup camera, Music Server and DVD playback. The cargo room is perfect for my needs.



car stereo, roomy, 2&4 wheel options 

LED brake lights, Stereo and Navigation, Self adjusting Xenon Headlights,overall space inside, 40 gb hard drive for storing music, came with extra all weather floor mats, towing package and trailer hitch, rear camera with warning sensor, hands free bluetooth etc...

Unbeatable warranty, sporty feel (almost 5 in. longer than CR-V, chrome rocker panel molding, sharp 18 in. wheels), satellite radio, keyless ignition and entry, superior audio system, roof rack, prewired for Bluetooth.

10 yr warranty powertrain. Tailgate access. Red paint is sweet. 16" tire. Alloy wheels.

Driving experience. Amenities (got the sound and luxury package). Relatively inexpensive. Looks good. Fuel economy (compared to my 06 Jeep which got ~17MPG). Unlocking doors without needing a key is a new experience. Selectable 4WD. Speaking to the car (bluetooth) to make a call is bizarre.

FAST key, navigation, Rockford Fosgate stereo, heated seats, HID headlight, music server

