

Storage, free satellite for a year, remote start, exterior look

the color.....

Six pack coolers built into the floor boards and the mercedes inspired ignition switch. The rechargable flashlight in the cargo hold is always ready.

Storage, video, AC plug in rear, quiet ride

None 

Seating, size, storage

Everything it was exactly what I wanted with more then enough safety features to keep my family safe on the road.

Storage, design, looks.

Comfortable driving position, handling, safety. Very well-thought- out features make it easy even for our kids to operate the seats (ages 5-14).

Flex seating, sunroof, backup camera, DVD system

Uconnect, MyGig, storage, Lifetime Powertrain Warranty!

Lots of storage. Great radio. Very comfortable. Quiet riding, drives like a car. Handles great.

Smooth ride, lots of power to pass on the highway, lots of storage spaces looks sharp

U-Connect, voice command to change radio stations, tilt steering wheel, heated side mirrors. 

looks, storage space, price

Heated seats (cloth too, cause leather and shorts can be annoying) Steering wheel audio controls 30GB hard drive for radio 3rd row (small, but when you're on campus in rural Iowa, and cars are rare, people fit in those 2 seats rather well) Backup camera Floor coolers Middle row adjusts a lot

Love all the storage, 90 degree doors, 3rd row seating, infinity sound system, MY GIG, DVD player, 6 cyl engine, remote start, power everything, sun roof, back up camera, heated/leather seats, 3 zone temperature controls, bluetooth, NAV system, etc.

Appearance of interior and exterior

I love all the storage. It a salesman dream vehicle. Every morning I add a couple of waters or pops to the cool- zone for trips. It keeps them cool and ready to drink for hours. The back seat in-floor storage bids are awesome. I am a large man. The seats are comfortable for the long drive. 

The smooth quiet comfortable ride. We spent some 10-12 hour days in our Journey and none of us complained. Great job with low wind noise as well, We utilized every storage compartment that the Journey had. We love the black paint. We saw other Journey colors but still think black is the best. 

Roomy

True 90-degree opening doors, floor storage bins, lots of rear cargo space, nitro-filled tires, 19" wheels, exterior styling, quiet ride, rear center console

Love the look and ride of the Journey, and I am pleased with the gas mileage, and sound system and storage.

I don't care for this vehicle anymore.

Storage, exterior styling, 19" wheels, space, comfort, quiet smooth ride (compared to the T&C)

Satellite radio

All the interior storage spaces, although the bins need some sort of rack to keep cans and bottles from rolling around.

Remote start, rear entertainment pkg, satellite radio, appearance, storage, the whole car!

LOVE the U-Connect! I also love the way the Journey looks-a little edgier than the Ford Edge.

The seating provides comfort and safety. The v-6 motor provides good driving maneuverability. Storage is excellent.

Free Sirius radio,luggage rack with cross bars included, passenger seat storage, sliding arm rest, exterior looks

The DVD player, satellite radio, and MyGIG system provides plenty of entertainment for long trips. The fold down 3rd row seat adds flexibility for extra people or extra cargo. Love all the storage cubbies. The back-up camera is handy. The 2.99 per gallon gas deal is great.

My GIG, third row seat comfortable enough for teenagers, my kids also love the reclining second row seats, roomy design, bluetooth, bottle holders in the doors are great, regular outlet in the back seat makes it easy to vacuum, fold flat seats provide loads of storage and I love the 19" wheels!

We really liked the design of the vehicle when we saw it and it handles wonderfully.

Great looks, roomy, comfortable seats and smooth ride. Easy to use panels.

U-connect, DVD entertainment system, all the storage, Mygig, sunroof, backup camera, 3rd row seating

Quiet civilized ride. Stereo system with 6 disk changer is great. V-6 worth the move to the SXT package with AWD. Seats have the correct firmness and adjustments available. Better fuel economy than previous vehicle.

The my gig is very cool. The cooler in the floor is also unique for us and a must for the kids. The ability for kids to watch a DVD and we can still listen to music is also great. 

I love everything cosmetic.

Integrated Sirius radio

Sat Radio, Appearance group, all kinds of storage, third row seating, really quiet.

storage bins at back seat floor board are great for muddy shoes, items to keep kids occupied on long trips and of course the cooler it was designed for.

90 degree opening doors, great stereo, comfortable, decent gas millage for SUV, looks great, lots of storage, we live in Louisiana and the AC works great in the 100 degree weather, Great price, all around great car. 

Sound quality and color(silver steel)

Remote start (good to have the A/C running when you get in), trip computer and storage

Remote start, bluetooth, styling, pretty much the entire vehicle.

3rd row seating, great for taking my grandkids on an outing, coolers in the back seat floors, power front seat has great height adjustments for short people, lots of room inside

The 6 cyl engine, my GIG, storage, 3rd row seating, 19" wheels, sunroof, back up cam, etc.

Sound system, blue tooth, heated seats, remote start. turning radius, all the room inside, there are many great features.

Flashlight in the rear, lighted features for the cup holders and front floor boards. Door open 90 degrees. My son loves the cooler in the front. Tons of storage.

The myGig, DVD Entertainment system. Conv. II pkg, storage. Trizone temp controls, sunroof, third row sea. I like driving the car, but only had a couple days to test it out.

Seats, handling, stereo & storage. Love the growl of the 3.5 V6

My Gig 19" wheels fuel economy better than expected Built in booster seats Built in coolers Fold flat seats Raised driving position

DVD A/V jacks and power outlet. wireless headphones. backup camera. 3RD row seating. great quiet ride. heated seats feel great in the morning. MYGIG is perfect for MP3's. If you have kids this is the perfect car for you. Love all the storage. Get the V6, I'm averaging 22.5 mpg overall 



Storage, sunroof and MP3 DVD audio feature, steering wheel audio controls. Heated leather seats, excellent cup holders - front and rear.

Exterior appearance and interior storage spaces. 

Style Voice Command feature Very Roomy

dodge builds its first real car

We really like how quiet the Journey is . Other than the typical 4 cyl engine noise at lower rpm. At 120 km/h it's VERY quiet! The 90 degree open rear doors, the ride height,the weight, we actually LIKE the floaty ride too. We feel it has great visibility,and like the rear factory tinted glass.

Chill zone and stow and go seating. Spacious and comfortable room and storage. Standard features and power train warranty.

19" wheels are cool-looking... vehicle is stylish. Nice sunroof and stereo too.

Kids like the middle of the back seat that folds down to reveal cup holders. LOL Also, I like that there are 3 shoulder seat belts in the back, much safer than a lap belt.

Bluetooth system, Sirius Satellite Radio built in and FREE for 1 yr, cooler in rear floor and beverage chiller in the dashboard! Nice instrumentation. CVT transmission.

the roominess yes, it roomy alright but the dash finish is too plasticy. monotonous color theme.

7 pass seating, DVD system, MyGig system with Satellite radio, lots of storage

Comfortable & Sporty. Like driving a expensive SUV without the high cost.

6 disc changer , storage,quit ride, and dual exhaust

Easiest gated shifter to use, built in booster seats, smooth ride and quiet interior (except engine noise when revved past 3,000rpm) great DVD players and YES essentials stain resistant cloth

Very comfortable seating position. Easy to access third row. My wife loves the Sirius, although I can live without it. Seating arrangement is very well designed. Easy to change for different numbers of passengers. I like the storage options and the overall size of this vehicle.

Free Satellite radio, comfort, space.

Third Row seating, all the storage bins, air vents all in the back, and their own controls. 

Like the exterior look.

Average fuel economy is 20 mpg. The body looks stylish and it has a lot of bells and whistles. Rear seat entertainment center is a hit with the GKs.

Comfort, seating, room.

Looks better and has more standard options than than the Ford Edge and others in its class. Storage,19"chrome clad wheels,sun roof,115 volt outlet,chrome accents in the interior,two tone leather,quiet ride and good visibility.

Lots of storage. Tilt/Telescoping wheel is great

I love touch screen stereo, and floor coolers use them a lot. The noise quality is better than I thought



5+2 flexible seating is worthy of praise. Comfortable driving position. 2nd-row mirror. Storage. Audio System, but not the block buttons (steering-wheel mounted controls are a must), easy to access 2nd/3rd row with 90-degree door swing. Retro gauges and floor lighting are interesting.

Roof rack, I got the Yakima rack system, looks FABULOUS on this car and an easy height to manage.

none cant beliee that i have to keep this thing and theres nothing that can be done about it

hmm...buying a different vehicle is a good option

None

Gas mileage on highway; tons of room/storage for single or small family; new look on the road

Storage, adjustable seat height, comfort while driving, quiet ride, handling, pedestrian compliments, sound system.

Grt advanced technologies and instrumentation. Also has simple things any car could have but none actually do..2nd row seats recline like loungechairs..rear doors open at rt angles to body to access 3rd row..has floor safes!..a/c blows in to glove compartment to make mini- cooler..hidden seat storeage..

Storage, UConnect, 

Cold storage for a couple of cans, right on the dash, and two toned seats.

comfort, storage features Radio



Storage, sets, radio, smooth sold feel.

Well, there are a ton of things that I love about this car, but the most unexpected favorite is the rear AC controls. I have two kids, and I didn't realize how handy that would be. In the previous car, I had to freeze out the people in the front seat, just to cool the back seat off. 

Quiet, 3 rows of seats, flexibility of seating, AC plug, MyGig and storage. I like the removeable baskets and rubber cup holders for easy clean up.



everything, but the third row seat

Performance suspension, Infinity Speakers, Storage Compartments, AWD, and the robust look

Looks great with the 19" rims, is fun to drive.

At this point none

Digital screen, DVD for front and back, sun roof, bluetooth, storage compartments under just about all seats and folding seating throughout

storage, gas mileage, roominess, power outlets, price,

NOTHING before problems

Flexibility and Functionality 

Entertainment Group which moves the radio/nav system up to eye level, interior lighting, Chill Zone, roomy seating in all three rows, handles like a car, steering wheel audio controls, awesome storage throughout, UConnect Bluetooth phone, tinted windows, Sirius radio--basically EVERYTHING!

NAV,INFINITY sound w/sub,19'rims 2- tone leather interior,rugged/sporty styling,lifetime warr/oil changes, fuel economy

The power excellent in snow its exterior style and colors offered The amount of interior room Added storage compartments Optional 3rd row seating that folds flat 

Interior, smooth ride, reclining seats in the rear, storage, cargo space LOVE the set up if the car! Nice roomy rear passenger seats as well as good leg room in the front. 

Serius Radio and the cargo capacity with all the hidden storage compartments. I keep snacks in the bin between the front seats and bottled water in the dashboard cooler, as well as in the pocket on the door panels, and under the floor boards ...life savers when caught in traffic or on a long trip!

Enjoy the steering wheel controls for the audio features of the radio. Great dashboard display of the instruments and easy to view. 



I have to say I LOVE the sirius and wonder how I Ever lived without it. Like the gas mileage. I rarely dip below 20 mpg. And I have found something to put in Every cupholder/bin. I have not had Any of the problems others have had so I am Very happy about that.

Sirius radio, storage, back-up camera, chill zone, coolers, lighted cup holders, 90 degree open rear doors, rear tinted windows, quiet ride, interior LED lighting

My Gig, backup camera, LED lighting, U Connect phone.

Low mileage I am accruing as mine sits broken in the shop. MPG is at an all time high!

With all it's faults, it iis hard to think of any "favorite" features

The size is just right for small families, with plenty of storage and options, it does handle good on long trips or short drives, and is pretty comfortable, the fuel mileage is fair for a car of the size and all wheel drive, it handles the snow and ice without any trouble

Remote entry

all the storage, all the features, the spacy room inside, and the comfortability of it

Serius Radio



The storage

sirius satellite, heated seats, roomy, smooth ride, u-cnnect hands free device, dual zone temperature control, very sharp looking vehicle

space,AWD,third seat,driving lights

Exterior and Interior styling, color (red), chrome wheels, all the various features, comfort, mileage (averaging 25mpg), value

Overall look and storage compartments

All the storage plus the in dash cooler

Well thought out interior for storage and long trips, roomy. Comfortable, quiet ride. Handles well, has plenty of power. Good sound system.

The Dodge Journey has a lot of cool features. A couple that stand out in my mind is all the hidden storage compartments and an available 3rd row seat.

The thing I like the best is the handling and control of the vehicle, not much body roll! The acceleration is smooth and crisp (V6).

Comfort, LED lighting, storage space, ride quality, power, style, MPG, 

GPS, premium sound system, 90* rear doors ,interior layout , price

The color, body style, it is comfortable to ride in.

Loads of storage space. Handles very well. Rides like a car. Easy to get in and out of. Lot of features only found in expensive vehicles. Great radio.



Radio

Storage.

I love the look of the car with the chrome package and the U-connect and Sirius is great. 

Exterior design, price, aux input, space, safety. 

The price! Lot's of space for people and cargo with the 5 seets configuration. The huge false bottom in the trunk. The soundproofing. The look!

Plenty of cargo room, all controls are nicely spaced other than heater and radio which should be swapped.

Love the utility of the vehicle,mpg better the expected

Price, space, safety

Roomy, has get up and go when asked, safety air bags, nice radio, lots of storage

Good seat position (power seat). Quiet. So far no rattles or squeaks. 

Storage space everywhere, almost too much.

Interior. Two color seating. Compartments everywhere. Safety features. Back-up camera. Touchscreen radio. 



I love the look of the car with the chrome package and the U-connect and Sirius is great.

Interior storage is ample for it's size. Best warranty on the market. When they cover the problems.

