Great ride quality, good looking ,fun to drive,my family feels safe riding in it. GREAT JOB GM !

comfortable/smooth ride; power; MPH; space; cooled/heated seats; remote start; power lift gate; navigation; xm radio; safety; dvd system; bluetooth; backup video screen for when parking; moonroofs; i can go on and on...

Flat folding 3rd row seats. Numerous drink and cup holders. Color options.

 Its not a minivan!! Loads of room.. l'm 6'3" my middle son who is 11 is already close to 6' we have tons of leg room

Styling

Power, Interior, Styling, Interior Room

Back up video, beeper. Great for parking, leaving parking places. Bluetooth tele system.

comfort and styling

Dual sunroof, folding sideviews, quick/easy conversion from seating to storage, heated seats, sound system, wireless headsets allowing use of audio system at the same time, leg room, quick acceleration for merging and power for uphill travel. I could say more. Just "check it out for yourself".

Seating arrangement,Blue tooth,sound system, ride,sunroof,onstar,storage

good looks, quiet inside , good ride and handling ,roomy interior

Electronic control center, 7 passenger seating, Navigation system, power lift gate, rear camera and backup alert, 19 in. wheels and remote start.

The car is comfortable seating and I like the adjustable benefits of 2nd row. The instrument panel is also nicely highlighted.

body and driving is beutiful

HUD, Traffic Navi, easy third row access.

Bluetooth, nav system, and Bose sound system. All are user friendly.

At 40k plus Nav should have been included

looks, drivability, can be towed behind an RV. 

The dual sunroofs are neat, but I have to say the seats are so comfortable. The SUV is loaded, don't know what else to say.



Very functional interior, excellent navigation and sound system, attractive appearance (including the exterior and interior colors), handles beautifully, has a lot of "pep."

I love the way you can either have three rows of seats or we can lay 2 rows down and only have 2 seats and the rest can be storage, or we can carry up to 8 people.I love the XM radio, the no hands calling features.You sit up high so you can see better.It is awesome to drive,I love how you feel in it

Backup Camera, Sound system, Ride, and heated windshield washer fluid.

Back up camera, 19inch wheels, nav screen, HUD display, pretty good gas mileage for a car this big. Styling!

Ride Comfort, Style, Size were all great. 

Navigation, DVD, Remote Start, Bluetooth, and Voice commands.

I like the HUD display, and the layout of the dash. i bought this as a family car and the wife can easily move back and forth from the passenger set all the way back to the third row. Thats very handy on long road trips. 

quiet ride. bose stereo is great.

Bluetooth for cell phones, OnStar, remote start and the back up camera are fantastic features!

Cadillac released a kind of pearl white color with a diamond glisten that makes this vehicle look very stylish as well as sporty. And it can hold i six pack. LOL 



The ride and performance are what we expected and much more! 

The exterior looks.

Navigation, XM radio, OnStar, leather seats. Like the dash, not lacking in style and is user friendly.

Exterior. Smooth ride.

Nav system, Bluetooth, OnStar, 2nd row captain's seats, roominess, remote start, and color (Dark Metallic Blue). Gas mileage has also been good, averaging city at 18.6 mpg, highway at 24.3 mpg for a FWD. Not bad for a car this big. 

3rd row seating, easy to reconfigure seating/storage room, great handling, remote start, audio/climate controls

Cargo space is nice. Bluetooth integration works awesome! Rearview camera in mirror impresses many. 

