6.0L V8, seat comfort, driver ergonomics, appearance, suspension, sport shift, Aussie quirkiness, Onstar navigation is excellent!

Engine, manumatic tranny, brakes, exhaust note, interior space, black leather with red accents

The V8 engine is smooth and very quiet. Thanks to the Active Fuel Management feature, I have attained up 26 mpg on the highway, while averaging over 60 mph. One of the many subtle details that indicate this car's quality is the trunk lid hinge design: no doglegs intrude on trunk space.

heated seats, sport shifter, very roomy, all around airbags,

Power and acceleration. Superb performance. Great look inside and out. Comfortably seats my family of 5. The radio is excellent.

performance handling, balance, engine, IP (simple and well laid out), stereo, backseat and trunk space; 

Other than the fake hood scoops and the just so-so rims, I love the looks of this car. The lines and proportioning are perfect. The interior is extremely comfortable for long trips. And of course the power...for what I paid nothing on the planet can touch it. Variable displacement helps the MPG.

Looks,acceleration,roominess,large trunk,supportive seats, and fun to drive factor.

Snappy willingness to respond to driver's desires. Auto start. On star with hands free phone. 

Looks, power, comfort, everything I was looking for in a car...except the problem with the fuel pump(s).

V8 engine. Push rod torque. Unbeatable combination of performance, style, and value. Went from 2007 Cadillac CTS 3.6 and this car is way more fun to drive.

Power to spare! Great rear leg room. Comfortable interior with supportive seats for all riders.

V8, brakes, supportive seats, XM, bluetooth, disable ESP button

Everything. It's the whole package

Style, lots of room, performance

I do not have a favorite thing. Overall it is a nice car

Exterior style, interior size and style, color (Pacific Blue), performance - even with the V-6 it moves. I didn't need the V-8, I have a Corvette for that.

Comfort with plenty of room, looks very stylish. 

Seats and seat belts, great brakes, & handling. Very quiet at highway speed, decent mileage for an 8 cyl.

Performance, comfort, and especially the combination of those two. Great ride/handling balance, good seats, plenty of room, good visibility. As Car and Driver wrote, "it's a helluva car for the money."

6.0 V8, suspension, 13.7 q.m.t. 0-60 5.3 sec. looks. Comfort. It has it all!

We have no favorite features because we got the base model and it has those items we've become accustommed to.

Power, roominess and exterior design.

Overall comfort & looks, best seat belt comfort of anything I have owned.

Handles very nice and looks good.

Power, brakes, handling, seats, rear seat room, large trunk, aggressive styling, Looks like a Pontiac. Decent gas mileage for the engine size and power.

Style, speed, acceleration, gas is improving every week, and great breaks. My most favorite feature is the fact that Pontiac got rid of the oil and battery display. Good Job!!!

crouching stance with 19" wheels, V* power w/economy (runs fine on reg unleaded), super comfortable seats front and rear, lots of room. Build quality on par with anything out there, actually like the manual rear view (night) mirror, the auto ones never work right, BMW handling, steering, GM price!

The sense of being secure in it. The feeling of knowing you have the power if you need it. And I love the handling of the car on a winding road.

Stryker Blue with the chrome accents!

Style, acceleration, smooth delivery of power, handling, seat comfort, the front end, generous trunk, braking, thicker steering wheel, the new color pacific slate, the 19 inch wheels, the subtle deck lid spoiler, the quad exhaust, the total car build quality. 

Drive experience and looks.

Power and comfort at good value.

Roominess, Quiet comfortable ride,smooth shifting transmission,excellent handling & braking. comfortable seats. Overall appearance ext/ int.

The 6.0 V8 is extremely quiet and has very good response. The 6 speed auto shifts smooth and keeps the MPG up. The G8's sound system is better than my Corvette's. Navigation is not missed as an option, I would rather have the 6 CD changer radio anyway. Nice comfortable seating.

Passing power minimizes time on the wrong side of two-lane roads. A little push on the accelerator makes those pesky headlights disappear from the rear view mirror. That's why auto- dimming wasn't necessary! Grandchildren compete to see who gets to go back and forth to school in Grandpa's car.

Power, roominess, handling and looks. And unlike any American cars I can think of right off hand (besides Corvettes), they got the stance correct and fender well gap kept to a bare minimum. It looks and feels like it could spend it's whole life on the Autobahn!

Accelerator pedal, stereo, fun factor, sport transmission setting. My kids keep wanting me to turn off traction control "spin the tires dad!"

Powerful exterior look, enough HP to get someone in trouble, high quality interior finishes, cylinder deactivation for mpg savings, and most of all, its pure sexiness!

Interior lights, sunroof simplicity, and the remote starter for the winter.

6.0 L, Handling, Seats, Approach lighting, Onstar

The 6.0 V8!! I let my brother test drive my car at half-time of the Cowboys-Browns game this Sunday. When he punched it, his face lit up like a Christmas tree. He could not believe how much power she gave him!! Also, I like the Blaukpunkt system. Very loud

Styling, interior room, 6.0L V-8 with cylinder deactivation, and that not a lot of them are on the road - yet. Build quality is superb. Sunroof is huge and worth it. Cavernous trunk. Steering wheel controls. Information bank on dash.

Powerful engine, Did I say Powerful engine? I'm talking ludicrous speed

Amazing performance, silky smooth ride and still room for the boys and the soccer gear.

Quality feel, interior/exterior roomy space, ergonomic. 26 Mpg on highway on 87 Octane is very good, suspension is awesome, huge trunk and glove compartment, acceleration and steering feel is even better. This is by far an underestimated car in the market, if you try. You must buy.

Appearance, performance, handling. Design both interior and exterior. 

Power, smooth ride, quietness and looks.

Mean front end, tremendous power with equally matched timing, great leg room in back seat.

Great performance. Awesome power and plenty of room.

The remote start is so nice. I'm going to love it in the winter. But I am used to driving a pickup and the 28.3 mpg that I've been getting is great!

Looks great , drew many admiring stares around town! Outstanding cornering and a great sounding exhaust system.

Smooth power, great manual transmission, suspension and brakes. Very comfortable seating for five on long trips. Gorgeous body lines.

This car has POWER (and I have the V6, I can only imagine what the V8 is like). Acceleration is no problem and as I already said, the external design is great. I like way the seats adjust, the steering wheels pulls in and out and up and down - all features I didn't have previously.

Power and looks and performance.

Bluetooth, Sunroof, Overall Exterior Styling, 19 inch rims, Stryker Blue Metallic Paint

Room,Styling and power!Standard engine start up from key is awesome feature. Awesome sound system!

Power, very fast, damn good mean looks, extremely roomy and comfortable. I especially like the tire compressor that shoots goo in place of the spare tire to save weight. Plus you don't have to worry about dangerously changing a tire on the road side, women ought to like that.

The styling and the power, this car handles great and moves and although you don't but this car for the gas mileage,I am averaging 19 mpg combined city and highway and I have a lead foot.

Remote start, XM (and the aux input jack), tight handling, good supportive seats, power power power!!!

Powertrain (6.0 L L76 and 6L80), handling.

Power & torque! Decent mileage on highway. Excellent seats; interior design and materials are top notch. Good handling without rough ride. 

great power, acceleration and styling. I've never had so many compliments on any car or suv I've owned.

Two-tone leather , three drive modes, awesome handling, ridiculous raw power, gas mileage at 19mpg combined w/lead foot...not bad for full size muscle

6.0 V8, Exterior view, 19in. wheels

Power, Comfort, ride and everything else so far. Love the Bluetooth for the cell phone, great feature.

Very comfortable interior,good handling,great looking exterior,smooth transmission, brakes & acceleration top notch.

OnStar, OnStar, OnStar, SiriusXM Radio, Auto/Manual shifter, 

The exterior styling, people just stare and wonder what it is. The performance is out of this world

Over 350 hp V8 and averaging 21 city/25 hwy. Two-tone interior is Eurocar-worthy. Remote starting.

I like almost every thing about the G8.

6.0 liter motor, radio is awesome, 3 mode automatic transmission

Super supportive seats, not too binding and w/proper seatback angles. Not a squeak or rattle in 13k miles proves the structure is super strong. V8 will open your sinuses when go pedal stomped. Great Style, great handling/ride tradeoff, steering has great feel. Good build quality. Can't go wrong!

Power, speed, acceleration, sport mode on the transmission, styling, handling, power

Everything

to much to list but it goes really fast! 

The exterior styling. The interior styling. The 11-speaker sound system. The steering wheel design. The JUICE that the engine has in all 8 cylinders! I love my American muscle car!

Zero - 60 in 5 seconds, believe it or not, you don't see very many on the road, so they are somewhat exclusive. Handles very well, especially for a sedan this size, OnStar navigation is amazing, torque management and six speed auto are great, especially in sport mode. 26 mpg highway @ 70mph.

Speed, power, comfort, and knowing that this will be the last of America's true muscle car sedans (even though it's from Australia). The car looks powerful and comfortable. It literally is "vicious and delicious".

Aggressive styling, top quality leather, quite and sporty ride, excellent handling.

THE POWER, SMOOTH TRANS..

Blisterin spped and comfort.

The G8 looks mean, performs mean, but also has a touch of class. 

pep, 11 speakers, sport ride

Performance and handling

Exterior styling, performance, interior design.

Exterior design/color, performance, XM radio, interior layout, etc.

Smooth and powerful drivetrain in a sedan with hints of luxury and sport. The best handling car I ever owned. There is no compatable car in this price range.

power, interior ,stance ,front end

The engine is wonderful. Reserved sounding, not noisy unless you're flogging it, and extremely smoothe power delivery. I'm also pretty sure that it would make good use of any aftermarket parts. The stereo is also very good. Not overly bassy like the systems from Bose and Delco.

Engine, Brakes, Suspension

the whole car

Style, driving, power, suspension, audio, room

V8, curb appeal, ride dynamics, very little NVH, roominess. And not many on the road makes it unique.

Superb acceleration from standing start and at any road speed. Getting over 21 MPG on regular gas. Sport mode of transmission is truly sporty and includes engine braking. The car is truly well thought out and executed. 

Engine power, acceleration and exhaust note.

The powerful engine and the sharp looks.

Engine power, Sports shift transmission, bluetooth, roomy interior

People asking me what is that car, by boss thought it was a new BMW from our office windows, and the power (must control right foot...)

Acceleration! Superior handling characteristics. A true driver's car. Large back seat and trunk for family duties. Instrument panel is easy on the eyes. Bluetooh, Onstar Nav, Aux input for Blaupunkt stereo system.

The look of the car. Very comfortable inside. Very very fast.

Power, handling, power, looks, power...

radio/Driver information center, 19 in wheels, performance.

Speed, engine note,manumatic shifter,comfort with sport suspension. Did I mention this car is FAST.

The Hood and the stereo face and how comfy the seats are. 

Gas Pedal, Break Pedal, Handling, Seats, Styling...build and fit and finish. Beautiful car, well done!

Great powertrain and suspension -- make the car really fun to drive. Nice sleeper look also helps.

Horsepower, Handling, Roominess, Radio. The sound of the engine/exhaust when you "hit it".

361 HP, 385 ft-lb V8; Awesome car, Great handling and ride, Nice firm supportive seats, huge trunk, great looks

We love the cars, Period!

Overall stance/looks, interior room/layout. Quiet smooth ride with even 19 inch wheels.

Sport-shift. Comfortable & supportive cloth seats. Soft cruising ride with great handling on a twisty road. I look back at it and smile after parking. Great car for the money.

Looks, wheels, strong V8, OnStar, dash- layout, great steering, big interior, stares from others

The power, styling, overall performance is OK. I need more time behind the wheel to really give a fair review, and will do so again after a couple months. Check back to see my update. 

Power, handing, appearance, and solid feel of this car on the road. Aux jack for my Zune. Bluetooth for my cell phone. I like the radio interface, but you need to read some instructions as it is an Australian car made for the American market.

Engine, handling, seats, progressive interior and exterior styling, value for $, bluetooth (finally).



EVERYTHING! I love the seats, very comfy. HUGE trunk, big backseat, 4 wheel independant suspension, 4 wheel disc, 19's. AWESOME car for the price.

Motor with DOD feature, 6sp trans & IRS driveline; nice ride; good looks in & out, spacious passenger and trunk; 

Defintely the performance. Driving ergonomics great. Some of the ammenities controls take some getting used to given the right-to-left hand drive conversion.

V8 engine, 6 speed auto, wheels, design, brakes, suspension, steering, great room front and back seats, onstar, trunk space, its built in Australia

The front end makes this car stand out. Stereo sounds good for factory. 

I like the different transmission settings the most. It can be fully automatic, sport shift automatic, or you can shift manually and it actually makes the shifts you want with little hesitation. The second is probably the entertainment system and steering wheel controls. They are easy to learn/use.

Performance, quality, comfort,handling, economy relative to performance, exterior styling, 6.0 V8 with active fuel management, 6 speed multi option shift automatic transmission with tall final drive for relaxed highway cruising 

6.0L V8 engine, sporty looks, refined/smooth ride, fun factor!

at least GM tried..(but failed again)

American push rod V8 and a real back seat.

Acceleration, creature comforts, overall appearance(inside and out), gas mileage, smooth ride, and overall handling

The acceleration, the comfort, the size, and the stereo.

Front seats, power, handling, GT package, style, price

This is my first V8 performance car, and the acceleration is breathtaking. Great, comfortable leather seats. My kids love the full size backseat. Magnetic grey paint choice with the exterior design is very attactive.

PERFORMANCE, PERFORMANCE, and PERFORMANCE! We also love the design, On-Star, and interior layout.

