Bluetooth, auto window switch, plenty of storage space. 

The power! The addictive power. AWD is a plus for sliding into turns and it will rip the steering wheel from your hands if you aren't prepared. I haven't yet met a car on the road that the RA won't run with, except unmarked State Trooper cars. It really is an amazing ride!

front ext. design

Ease of steering, ease of braking, comfort of the seats and good suspension (excluding gts which is less comfortable). 100,000 mile powertrain warranty and 60,000 mile bumper to bumper warranty. NOTE: It might be worth buying the 2010 because stability and traction control are standard in all models.

The bluetooth, fog lights are real nice. The paddle shifters are a nice touch to the car. Mitsubishi added the scuff plates, alloy fuel door and a custom pinstripe to the car which really added a lot I think. Overall the GTS is the best deal in all of the models.

Feature rich... Great steering wheel controls. Lots of room for passengers front and back! Trunk held 4 suitcases and 2 carry bags plus odds & ends. A/C works well, @ first thought it would not but surpassed expectations!

Overall appearance, value and the information display.



Sound and sand package, bluetooth, nav system, smart-key system, exterior styling, great gas mileage.

hydraulic clutch, smooth short shifts, leather wrapped steering wheel aggressive looks, all season tires, audio hookups for ipod or other device, 0% financing!

5 speed manual, steering wheel mounted controls, high MPG, tight handling, overall quality. 

Technology Package, HID headlights, Handling, Braking, Styling, Safety

Looks; exterior (only) styling; mileage.

Transmission, horsepower and torque, AWD, exterior design, bluetooth phone, FAST key.

I like all the features that came standard.

Features and the smooth ride.

Fuel economy and enjoyable ride.

Stereo and front end design.

Audio controls on steering wheel, bluetooth wireless, spoiler.

Rockford Fosgate stereo with 10" sub! Ipod audio plug, Bluetooth connectivity, paddle shifters on the steering wheel, LOTS of room for 2 adults and 2 kids, Airbags everywhere!

The sound system by Rockford and Fosgate makes the car sound great and turns heads. 

Plays my Zune, Rockford Fosgate audio, gas mileage.

Great looking! Sun-n-Sound system, fuel economy (getting much better than what's stated, avg. 28 mostly highway, but I've gotten 35 @ 80 MPH at times), handling, blue-tooth, navigation system, safety features (airbags everywhere), roominess (even with two kids in carseats), electronic disp options.

Paddles shifters, sound system and exterior design.

Body style - very sharp and eye catching, some nice features for the money - stereo keyless entry, sunroof.

Heated seats, iPod hook-up, exterior "look", controls on the steering wheel.

5Spd, Bluetooth, heated seats that are supportive, trunk space (fits 2 hockey bags), Looks, the wing on the back blocks most headlamp beams from behind, radio controls on the steering wheel, 

Heated seats, stereo, looks, nice ride, bluetooth, climate control, sunroof, cupholders, back armrest.

F.A.S.T key entry system, bluetooth (when it works), overall looks.

The bluetooth system works great, calls come in clear and no one has complained. The trunk is big enough to fit my bicycle. The auxiliary inputs are great, although I wish they were inside the console instead under the stereo.

GTS package with wheels, spoiler, etc.

Nav system! I like the style of the car and the way that it handles.

The turbo is amazing it kicks with the SST, and your plastered to your seat.

The Rockford Fosgate system, I love it when I watch dvd.

Mivec engine... takes little gas to go this fast.

Bluetooth, powerful engine, smooth drive.

The navigation, sound system and look of the car.

MP3 CD Player standard, nice safety features, 31 MPG on the highway. 

Seats are comfortable and feels like your in a sports car. Love the navigation/radio system. Sweet sound! Trunk is huge. It's definitely a head-turner. Steering wheel feels awesome. Keyless entry is very nice. Great acceleration, and forget sometimes how fast I'm going.

Great manual shifts in GTS CVT, amazing stereo, great turn reaction.

Nav with sun & sound package, colors available, & FAST-key entry system and everything else.

Display, comfort-(I'm 6'3" 200 lbs) and this car fits me perfect, smooth automatic transmission, and well-built feel to it when you drive.

the sun & sound, sport package, the steering wheel controls, the mpg, the space, and the colors mostly the price

Nav, radio, get up and go, and CVT transmission

The sporty unique design along with the easy to drive handling. All the other feature are just a plus to make a great car even better. 650 Watt Sound with Steering Wheel Controls/Navigational System/Remote Less - Keyless Entry System are just to name a few..

F.A.S.T. key is awesome, key doesn't leave my pocket. Bluetooth works and sounds great. Navigation system is nice toy and great to have.

turning circle, nav system, sound system, stability control, 18 inch wheels, fun to drive, paddle shifters

The bluetooth system, the engine, the improved suspension with the strut bar. I like the body styling also.

Navigation, Sun & Sound Package, F.A.S.T. Key, A/V input jacks, 18" wheels, exterior design.

I love the technology! the stereo and the sunroof its all great

A\C nice and cold, ride is smooth, quite on most surfaces, very fun to drive, everybody looks at it

F.A.S.T. key fob system, Rockford Fostgate 9 Speaker stereo system Good fuel economy nice acceleration in mid-level rpm All the luxuries of a Mercedes at an affordable price

Looks, toys and gadgets, way it attracts attention though not an Evo, fun to drive, awesome sound system (Rockford Fosgate), performs well on freeway (great MPG and suspension)

Great fuel economy without giving up performance. This car can move!

Paddle Shifters, satellite radio and bluetooth

bluetooth, navi system and style of the car, it is a sharp looking vehicle!

Stereo, Navigation, sport shift, getting 30 MPG.

air bags,

I love the keyless entry and the Sirius satellite radio. 

Paddle shifters and blue tooth

Everything. Safety, warranty, toys, handling, etc. Got to see it and drive it to appreciate and understand. 

Navigation; Rockford Fosgate System stock; aggressive looks; great fuel economy; impressive performance with sportronic shifting.

Sound system! Larger 2.4L engine! Slick 5spd manual! Amazing touch screen nav! High quality leather wrapped steering wheel! Exterior styling!

Safety, comfort , look, all the toys you want these days and so much more.

Sporty design and handling, Rockford Fosgate audio (optional), and the Mitsubishi Multi-media System (optional).



Sunroof, the screen is amazing - navi, Sirius and there are so many ways to configure the Lancer's function with it. FAST key, sound system, bluetooth.

The new gauges are easier on the eyes, and the sound and navigation are still top notch. 

650 watt stereo, peppy motor with smooth transmission, attractive appearance, nice interior. Also, a great warranty.

Incredible driving experience--thank you McPherson! Nav Voice Commands Bluetooth Sound System Body Style 

Navigation, and paddle shifters.

