Navigation System is outstanding, exterior look, and go through anything ability

4-wheel drive, big tires

Sunrider soft top V6/6speed

I love the 3-piece hard top, the axles and 4.10 gears. I also can't wait until it's lost its life as a family vehicle so I can transform it into something much more superior.

Drive, comfort, beautiful interior, Infinity Sound System

The freedom it gives us to go places that would be impossible to reach in a less capable vehicle. We have done some hiking that was impossible before. The ride, and handling is excellent much better than expected. We are really pleased with the gas milage, after the terrible reports we had heard.

I really like the soft top and the ease of driving in town and on the road, the wind, and we have a lot of wind in Oklahoma, is no problem. The sound system with the speakers on the roll bar is great. 

Nice Engine with plenty of power. Solid 4 Wheel Drive powertrain. Great Lifetime warranty.

Looks, cargo space (for golf clubs), Infinity stereo, smooth ride, turns on a dime (and turns heads), Freedom hard top is easy to use, no blind spots. Previous Jeep owners will definitely appreciate...New Jeep owners will be glad they bought!

styling and freedom top. does not leak even in a car wash.

Freedom Top is awesome as well as the Infinity sound system with the subwoofer.

Ruggedness, presence, sound system, jeep heritage, 3 piece hardtop

The fact that it so much fun to drive. People do not have to try to figure out what it is because when they see you coming they know it is a JEEP!!!

Stereo hands down. I drove a Lexus before and it blows the Lexus premium out of the water, even with the top down. Nice peppy V6, the 4x4 is unparalled to anything out there. I can outclimb and out run my FJ Cruiser friends. Soft top is super easy to operate, even with one person.

without a doubt-the easy off tops-even a girl can do it! color is great and ride is the best of the previous 2.

Easy to wash! Freedom Top is remarkably refined and easy to take off. Bumpy ride quality to fend off the fluff. Fantastic brakes with thick rotors. Buttery smooth shifting automatic. 

Simplicity of the total package, very cohesive in design in regards to what a Jeep is all about. The stock stereo works just fine for me with the speaker well placed (more then enough volume). 

4wd, freedom hard top, looks.

Driving topless! The ride is surprisingly smooth for a true 4x4. Creature comforts of sirius radio, power doors and windows, remote lock, side rails all standard. Drove a Honda CRV EX before, ride is comparable. Love the speakers built into the top roof bar. Subwoofer also standard.

I would have to say the fact that you can just take the front 2 panels of the hard top off. You still get the feeling of being one with Mother Nature! And it is BEAUTIFUL!

Jeep's looks and Rubi's off-road ability. The vehicle in Orange Burst Orange is an eye-catcher. Oh, the tires survived razor-sharp rocks during 3 climbs of our favorite butte (2 other 4x4s I've brought there suffered flats and didn't make it to the top). 

Plenty of Seating and Cargo Space. It's a Jeep!

BFG Mud 32" standard

It's a Jeep. A Jeep Wrangler.

My favorite feature is the built in Sat. Radio, which you need to upgrade to get. 

Great 4WD. Like the Sunburst Orange. 

Navigation System, Freedom Hard Top, Tow Package

Sunrider top, on the fly 2w-4w drive, good music system, very quiet and comfortable for a jeep

Sunrider soft top, easy to fold down and open up the whole interior. 

Dropping the soft top and leaving the doors behind! There's nothing like having just a roll bar between you and mother nature. 

Engine torque, satellite radio, solid construction and off road ability - not in any order.

Tough, straight forward Wrangler. Some deride them for being truck-like and primitive with some hard plastic surfaces in the interior. Well, you can leave it out in the rain with the top off if you want! And I like the 3.8L V6. It's powerful enough for me, and much more fuel efficient than the 4.0.

Satellite radio - not something we necessarily wanted but it came with the car. We love it! The ride quality is very good. The Jeep does not drive like a BMW but then again, it is not a BMW, it is a Jeep. The BMW's in our town have their front ends damaged from deep snow. The Jeeps do not. 

Dual Freedom Top 

Sirius Satellite radio, 3 piece hard- top, rugged construction, trip computer

The three piece hard top is excellent, leave the soft top for the younger crowd. The doors and their hardware are much improved and with the added two doors your passengers have no problem getting in or out.

Almost as smooth on paved roads as cars and a lot more fun to drive. Stick to the speed limit & you will get good fuel mileage. Excellent sound system. No blind spots--easy to maneuver in traffic. Lifetime powertrain warranty-- unlimited miles and no deductible.

I just feel good driving my wrangler, it looks great and its a lot of fun to drive. The my gig system works well for me and the remote start is great for those cold mornings. I guess the way it looks and drives are what I like the most. What can I say... It's a Jeep, there is nothing else like it.

Handsome car; sure footed. Apparently, this is the ONLY vehicle Jeep will still lease, because Wrangler holds its value better than anything else. But why lease at 0% money?

exterior styling, off road capabilities, Infinity stereo system, Sunrider top is great when you don't want to deal with the whole top.

Great looks, much more comfortable to drive daily than the outgoing model. Gas mileage has improved also to about 20MPG on the highway. Wranglers are always fun, in winter or summer. 

GPS Navi with hard drive that stores 4000 tunes, big BFG's with aggressive treads, Power windows/locks (on a Jeep?? oh yeah!), Rugged good looks, fuel economy for an SUV is quite good, no shortage of aftermarket customization products, 4.10 gears, beefy axles

exterior look, very confortable front seating, sound system, fun to drive

Style, accessories, fun to drive, sirius radio. 

I love the 6-speed manual. The sunrider top will be nice in the spring--I don't have to take the whole top down if I don't want to. Satellite radio is kinda nice, too.

