Information Center

Enjoy higher mileage, XM radio, quiet ride, good size trunk, small opening but I can load through side door, with back seats down, I had three 15" trailer tires plus "stuff" in trunk area.

Information center

Way fun to drive, and the XM radio is great. 

The xm radio is nice. The Onstar service is nice too. The get up and go on the car is good.

Steering, suspension and acceleration are world class. The brakes inspire confidence.

Quiet Interior Ride. Great acceleration!

The seats are fairly good. The seats are fairly comfortable. I am a big guy (5,11" 270) and had a surprising amount of room.

Turbo, amazing steering and handling.

The stereo and air conditioning and controls were so much better than my volkswagon passat.

Safety, driver's controls, the way it handles, small but roomy, simplicity in the design of the controls and radio, one-year standard OnStar, I get 29MPG in mixed driving, the price

Ecotec, DIC, auto volume, huge trunk

XM Radio,air,5 speed manual

looks, basic performance, appointments, enjoyment, and reliability (did I say looks?)

The 8 speaker stereo, my doors automatically lock when I shift out of park, the gas mileage is AWESOME, it appears to be small on the outside but it's very roomy inside. The nice all black leather interior. Sunroof is very nice. Did I mention my stereo? 

High way gas mileage is great, I drove 265 miles on 7 gallons of gas. The front seats are great for tall adults. The trunk has folding supports so you can take full advantage of the ample trunk room.

1.Manual driver seat height adjuster is convenient and enough to put me on a comfortable driving position. 2.Fuel economy better than posted. 3. Standard has sealant pump instead of spare-tire. This reduces mass of vehicle for better fuel economy, and still provides emergency help for a flat tire. 

Performance, Straight line, handling and braking. The seats are excellent

High 30's gas mileage, XM radio, Onstar, Cell phone, handling/response (its just as good as the Saab and easier to drive. 

Built in Bluetooth, On Star, XM Radio, Auto Start, Informational system about the car etc, MPH, Tire Pressure, Outside Temp

good ride, noise isolation, xm/radio, fairly comfortable front seats 

power, looks,sound system, braking and handling. Very fun to drive.

MILEAGE is outstanding, power is good, doesn't feel like a "cheap" car. 

I love the XM radio, that was just a plus because I am on the on the road a lot. Love ONStar and the hands free phone.

XM Satellite radio, hands free calling, handling, braking, acceleration.

5-speed manual transmission, power windows and locks, OnStar, Sport Red Tint color, XM Radio, Gas mileage

XM RADIO, Standard A/C, Onstar, 39 mpg, tilt wheel and lots of room inside. The new Hubcaps are nicer too.

Great pick up for a 4 cyl, nice looking car, great on gas, smooth driving and shifting

XM radio, Onstar, Sound System, Engine power, and vehicle body style.

I have to admit, this is a pretty sharp looking car in profile view. The stereo system isn't bad and is easy to manipulate while driving. Fuel economy is fantastic. Lots of room in the trunk. 60/40 split seats is a nice touch. Aluminum wheels and power package are nice features for the price.

XM, Onstar, looks.

Great gas mileage and decent ride.

The 260hp and excellent handling/brakes. The sound system is great and has a nice amount of punchy bass. This car is fun to drive. 

Onstar and Xm. The great value and good looks. 

Engine performance is very good for an economy car. Like the OnStar, XM radio/sound system. The lumbar support adjustment in the driver seat works well. Remote start is great too. 

Engine, transmission, linkage, seats, OnStar, XM radio. Insulation through-out, perfect balance and scary control at twice the suggested corner speed.

OnStar and XM

The looks

Style and the fun of driving a sporty small car again after driving an SUV for several years. Excellent gas mileage. The auto start and the XM radio are great features. Base radio has an excellent sound. Trunk space is very large for a small car. I am 6 feet tall and front seat leg room is great.

Turbo power, shifter, the color, nice wheels, moon roof

Turbo engine, handling, braking, reconfigurable display, short-throw shifter, seats, standard bluetooth, steering wheel controls for multiple features and the stealth factor. 

OnStar! Extra charging outlet, no cigarette lighter! Spacious trunk for a small car! Autostart rocks!

5 speed, CD player

OnStar, XM radio, mp3 CD capability, hands free calling.

