Power, ride and comfort

Seats are very comfortable..love the fact that it has a high and low range switch..great stereo and plenty of room with the third seat down.

heated driver and passenger seats are great for coming home from the ski hill on a cold day. The rear fold down seats provide lots of cargo space too.

Quality of the interior; ease of use of features, including set up of car seat; great sound system; lots of space - greyhound fit easily in the back; decent fuel economy given the size (it's same as my Ford Escape V6 was)

All

Towing capacity, 4wd, hill assist, rear sensors

Love the navigation and Infinity stereo. V6 is plenty powerful.

Beautiful finish, smooth lines inside and out. Performance has been excellent. Nothing but positive comments.

I'm a man and I never get lost! So the navigation is a waste of electronics. My lovely wife absolutely loves it though. This vehicle is a go getter. it is clean and strong. Windshield wiper heating element, GENIUS!!!!





Combination of power,mpg,& handling. Huge cargo capacity. Layout of controls.Tow hitch design. Rear park assist "Radar". Overall visibility from driver's seat. Comfortable ride. Extensive safety features. Ease of folding rear seats.

Sat radio, seats, looks 

Great visibility from the drivers seat and the kids are way in the back. It's peaceful.

Memory driver's seat, 4 zone climate control, comfortable heated seats, quiet ride, awesome Infinity stereo with Sirius, rear entertainment comes with 2 wireless headsets and independent controls for movie/radio, and tight turning radius for it size.

Attractive design

Back up sensor, visibility for driver.

Roomy.

The sound system is awesome!. I've never had an auto-dimming rear view mirror, it's great. Seat warmers, auxiliary inputs, tilt down side-view mirrors, and the backup alert are all great. I really like the safety features too.

Nav System

The whole SUV

Back up alarm

Power telescoping steering wheel is great! DVD system is awesome as well.

